 CREDIT & THANKS: A super special thanks to legendary artist Rebecca (of the Housewives at Play series and many more) for giving me permission to use a few of her plethora of illustrations for this story. We collaborated in 2014 on Straight Housewife Blackmailed. Also, this lengthy story is a HOMAGE to the many works of Rebecca, particularly her Housewives at Play series and her Hot Moms series. The concept is a little plot, a lot of naughty lesbian submission and very kinky pictures.

NOTE 1: Also, please note Rebecca generously gave me access to her entire gallery of photos and although not always perfect, I have tried to have the characters look identical as possible for the story.

NOTE 2: All participants are at least 18-years-old.

Note 3: This is a Nude Day 2015 Contest entry and my 200threleased story.

THANKS to Wayne, goamz86 and Robert for editing this story.



0. Prologue:

A mother and her two daughters

"Shouldn't you two at least do that in your bedroom?" Mrs. Deborah Parker asked, as she walked into the house and saw her twins doing what they always seemed to be doing since a couple months after they had turned eighteen, when she had introduced them both into the wonderful world of incestuous lesbianism.

"You got us addicted," Chloe, the dominant one of the two, replied, as her older sister, by five minutes, licked her asshole.

"I obviously created two sexual deviants," Mrs. Deborah Parker smiled. Watching her two daughters in the act of sisterly incest, memories of her own teenage years and the many sexual encounters with her next door neighbour, her mother and many others popped into her head.

As she continued to watch her two daughters, shaking her head at their lustful passion for each other, she flashed back to her own lesbian beginnings:

1. DEBORAH LEARNS SHE LIKES PUSSY

I had just turned eighteen two days earlier, was an awkward senior, the epitome of nerd, when one day changed my life forever.

I was just about to walk to school when Mrs. Appleton, my next door neighbour, called me over.

"Good morning, Mrs. Appleton," I greeted, having babysat for her many times the past six years, she was like a second mother to me.

"So you're eighteen now?" she asked.

"I am," I nodded.

"Do you feel like an adult now?" she questioned.

I shrugged, "Not really."

"I think it's time you did," she said, her tone different from our usual conversations. "Come out back with me."

"I have to go to school," I replied, not sure what she would possibly want to show me in her back yard.

"Have you ever skipped school?" she asked, actually taking my hand.

"No," I admitted. I was a dedicated student and perhaps seen as a goody-goody by the more popular girls in school.

"Well, I won't make you miss the whole day, but I do want to give you your birthday present," she continued, gently tugging my hand and leading me around the side of her house.

I was confused. This was very unlike her. Yet, I wasn't going to question her anymore. I followed her to her backyard.

Reaching the backyard, she asked, "I'm going to ask you some very personal questions, Deborah."

"Okay," I nodded, confused by her odd behaviour.

"Do you find me attractive, Deborah?" she asked.

"P-p-pardon?" I stammered, completely shocked by the question.

"I find you very attractive," she continued, her finger going to my lips.

I was paralyzed. Mrs. Appleton knew I was a virgin and knew that I was confused about my sexuality. I couldn't go to my Mom about the fact that I had a crush on a girl at my school, but I did ask advice from Mrs. Appleton. She explained that all girls will question their sexuality at some point and that only through experimentation will they know if they are straight, bi or lesbian. I hadn't taken her advice yet though as this was the eighties and I wasn't ready to be an even bigger outcast than I already was.

"It's okay, my dear," she smiled, moving directly in front of me. "I don't bite...hard."

My head was spinning...my legs were frozen in place...my pussy was dampening my panties.

"I want to be your first, my pet," she continued, leaning in and kissing me.

Her lips felt so soft, so tender, my mind shut off as I returned the kiss. I had kissed a couple of boys and been felt up once, but nothing major. But this...this was different. I melted into her, forgetting that I was going to be late for school, forgetting that my mother could look out her back window and see us, forgetting that she was twenty years older than me.

When she broke the kiss, I felt empty. I had never been kissed like that and I was sad it was over.

Looking into my eyes, she whispered, "I've always known this day would come."

"You did?" I asked, star-struck. Mrs. Appleton was beautiful and sophisticated, so completely different than me.

"Of course, my dear," she smiled warmly, "like mother, like daughter."

"What?" I asked, shifting from star struck to confused in just four words.

"Your mother has been my pet for years," she revealed.

"Your pet?" I asked, still not remotely following the conversation.

"You're incredibly book smart, my dear, but you've got a lot to learn about the real world," she continued.

I likely looked like a deer in the headlights as I tried to process the fact that my mother apparently was cheating on my father with another woman.

"Now I already know what you're thinking," she continued, reading my mind, "your mother is cheating on your father, but you can't look at it that way."

"I can't?" I questioned.

"No," she explained, "the reality is that your mother loves your father completely, but he can't fulfill her feminine sexual desires because, well, to put it frankly, he has a cock and not a cunt."

"You and my mom have sex?" I finally asked, even though the answer was obvious already.

"Mostly, she eats my cunt or I fuck her cunt or ass with one of my strap-ons," she answered rather matter-of-factly making this conversation even more surreal.

"I think I need to get going," I said, overwhelmed by all I had heard and needing to get out of there.

"My dear," she smiled warmly, "but I haven't let you have your birthday present yet."

Before I could say anything, she pulled off her sundress and tossed it aside, revealing she wasn't wearing a bra or panties.

I was again paralyzed. The shocking revelations had me a complete mess. I was confused, frustrated, angry and yet undeniably horny.

"Cat got your tongue?" she asked, with a devious smile across her face, as she sat down and spread her legs, before rewording, "or more accurately, pussy got your tongue?"

"I-um-I-should," I struggled to formulate a complete thought as I stared at her pussy.

"Come and get your birthday present, Deborah, it is one of a kind," she said, her tone so sultry, so sexy, my mind was spinning.

I couldn't move. My whole innocent world had been shattered in seconds. My Mom was a lesbian? My neighbor was also a lesbian?

"Come to me," she ordered, gently.

I walked the few steps to my naked neighbour.

"On your knees, my dear," she said softly.

It just felt natural to obey and I felt myself lower to the ground. As I put my bagged lunch on the ground beside me, I was soon on my knees, staring at Mrs. Appleton's pussy, with an unexplainable, undeniable desire to taste it.

"Go ahead, my dear, have a taste of your special birthday pie," she softly said, as she grabbed my ponytail and pulled me gently to her slightly glistening pussy lips.



I allowed her to guide me between her legs and to her pussy.

A light scent enveloped me as I extended my tongue and began licking my first pussy. I really had no idea what I was doing as I licked up and down, parting her pussy lips.

She let out a soft moan and said, "That's it, my dear, explore my cunt with your tongue."

I had never heard someone use the 'c' word, but somehow in this instance it seemed like the right time to use such a nasty word.

Hearing her moan, implying I was giving her pleasure, encouraged me as I began to explore every inch of her pussy...taking my time.

"Oh yes, Deborah, you're a natural pussy pleaser," she moaned, before adding, "just like I knew you would be."

I wondered how long she had been planning this, yet my main focus was getting her off. Her taste was exotic and addicting and I wanted to taste the full flood of her orgasm.

"You want my cunt cum?" she moaned, after a few minutes.

"Yes," I whispered, while I continued licking.

"Yes, what?" she asked, her hand going to my chin and pulling my face up to make eye contact.

"Yes, I want to taste your cunt cum," I declared, the first time I had ever spoken the 'c' word.

"And you want to be my pet?" she continued her questioning, as I licked my lips to get another small taste of her cunt juice.

I wasn't sure what being a pet completely entailed, but at the moment, now that I had had a taste of her sweet pussy, I would do anything to keep tasting it. I answered, looking directly into her brown eyes, "Yes."

"Yes, what?" she again questioned, clearly enjoying her power over me.

"Yes, I want to be your pet," I admitted.

"Well, come and get your treat, my pet," she smiled, letting go of my chin.

Dying to get her off, to taste her cum, I returned to licking her. After a brief exploration, her moans increasing, I decided it was time to be more aggressive. Knowing that I got myself off by focusing on my clit when I was close, I took her clit between my lips while I simultaneously slid two fingers inside her pussy.

"You baddddd girl," she moaned, as she grabbed the back of my head and pulled me deep into her cunt.

I furiously finger fucked her as she began grinding her ass up and down while I hungrily licked her. It didn't take long before she screamed, likely alerting my mother to what was transpiring next door, as my face was flooded with her wetness.

I eagerly licked the abundance of pussy juice that came out of her cunt, lapping it up as if it was the sweetest wine ever. I didn't know if I was a lesbian, or bisexual, but I knew I wasn't completely straight as I loved the taste of her cunt and just how natural it felt to be on my knees between her legs.

Eventually, she let go of my head, and I looked up at her, my face sticky with her pussy juice. She smiled down at me and said, "Did you enjoy?"

"Yes," I nodded, still in awe of all that had just transpired. I mean, twenty minutes ago I was walking to school like I always do, now I was on my knees, in front of Mrs. Appleton with pussy juice all over my face.

"I knew you would be a natural," she said.

I had to ask, "Mom licks your pussy?"

"Almost daily," she shrugged, "We housewives are bored throughout the day."

"I can't believe it," I said, stunned by both what I had willingly just done, and the reality that my Mom did it too.

"Oh, trust me, your mother is the most submissive pet I've ever met," she continued. "In truth, there isn't a woman on this street that hasn't had your mother between her legs."

"No way," I gasped again, as the avalanche of shocking information just kept coming and coming.

"Honey, you're old enough to know the truth," she continued, pulling me up off my knees and giving me a kiss.

I eagerly kissed her back, in complete lust with her.

Breaking the kiss, she continued, "This whole neighborhood is full of lesbian activity."

"I just can't imagine it," I said, trying to envision my mom licking Mrs. Appleton or anyone else on our block.

"Oh trust me, now that you're legal, you will become a very active member of the communal lesbian society," she continued.

I was officially overwhelmed. I said, "I really need to get going to school."

"Yes, that is probably best," she nodded.

I began to leave, everything I thought I knew about my life completely obliterated in the past half hour.

"I'll call Mrs. Campbell to excuse your tardiness," Mrs. Appleton said, before adding, "she is also a pet of mine."

I stopped and turned around. "Are you serious?" I asked. Mrs. Campbell was my principal and a very stern woman who never smiled...ever.

"I never joke about my pets," she smiled.

"Okay," I nodded, so many questions spinning in my head and yet no time to ask them. I walked to school knowing that my life had changed forever and unsure what lay ahead.

The pussy of the twin's mother was suddenly burning as the warm memory of her lifetime of licking cunt played in her head. She watched as Amanda got her sister off fingering her ass while licking her cunt. Since seducing her two daughters on their eighteenth birthday, she had created a clear hierarchy in the family. She was clearly on the top and the domme, then it was Chloe her very outgoing diva daughter and at the bottom of the sex chain was Amanda the shy academic who was literally born to please.

Once Chloe came, Mrs. Parker ordered, "Come get Mommy off quickly, Amanda, before your father gets home."

"Yes, Mommy," Amanda eagerly nodded, as she left her sister's pussy and buried her face in her mother's. Ever since she was first introduced to the unique taste of pussy she had become addicted. She often begged her sister to let her lick her and when her sister was on her period she literally went through withdrawal.

"Chloe, keep an eye on the driveway," Deborah said, "We sure don't want your father to know about our little secret."

"Maybe we should add him in," Chloe smiled. Unlike Amanda, who was still a virgin, very rare in 2015 for an eighteen-year-old, she was bisexual. Although she ate her mom's pussy and loved it, the reality was she loved the power she had over her sister and hoped to get other submissives to please her.

"You'd probably love to fuck your father wouldn't you?" the mother moaned, as her daughter licked her cunt. "You've always been a daddy's girl."

"Maybe it's time to be Daddy's slut," Chloe suggested, the idea of fucking her hot father something she had considered many times.

Deborah moaned, as her older daughter was close to getting her off, "Let's just keep this between the ladies for now."

"Okay," Chloe nodded, not really wanting her father anyway, just liking the idea of the taboo.

"That's it, my eager cunt licker, get Mommy off," Deborah demanded, as she grabbed her daughter's head and held her deep inside her box until she exploded.

Amanda eagerly licked her Mom's delicious cum, something she had become addicted to ever since that first fateful day almost a year ago.

Once done coming, Deborah sighed, "Well, I guess I should make dinner."

Chloe quipped, "I think Amanda just had dinner."

Amanda, still easily embarrassed by her inability to resist pussy, went beet red. She still struggled with the reality that this one part of her life was so unstructured and unpredictable. In every other aspect of her life she was disciplined, organized and planning for the future...she had already been accepted to Harvard (A goal she set in grade three). Yet, when a pussy was offered to her she couldn't resist; she also couldn't resist obeying her strong-willed sister.

Deborah looked down, smiled warmly and said, "Well like everything else in her life she excels at eating pussy."

"Thank you, Mommy Mistress," Amanda replied, looking up at her mother and loving the recognition of doing well. Whether it be getting a 100% on a test, winning an award or getting someone off, she revelled in the positive reinforcement.

"Go finish your sister off upstairs," Deborah said, as she stood up.

"Yes, Mommy Mistress," Amanda nodded, her mouth already watering at the thought of eating Chloe's pussy again.

"You're such a lesbian slut," Chloe smiled, knowing the name calling kept her sister in place.

Amanda hated the name-calling, yet it undeniably, frustratingly, turned her on.

"Let's go, cunt muncher," Chloe ordered, snapping her fingers.

Wetness immediately gushed out of her cunt, as Amanda crawled, as expected, to her sister's bedroom.

2. AMANDA REMEMBERS HOW IT ALL STARTED & NAUGHTY MOMMY FLASHBACKS

As she licked her sister's cunt, something she had done almost daily, sometimes more than once, for about a year now, she replayed the day it all started.

I returned home from prom, an escort for a senior student, even though I was only a junior, quite upset that my date had tried to force me to give him head. Although I was eighteen (we started school a year late because Mom and Dad worked overseas when we were to be in kindergarten...thus making Chloe and I always a year older than our classmates, sometimes even more), I was still a virgin. My focus had always been on my studies, not boys. Yet, Chloe convinced me to be an escort because, in her words, 'I needed a social life'.

I came home in tears and Mom comforted me.
