 My name is Ken and I'm a successful businessman living with my wife in New England. Every year on my mother's birthday, I make a pilgrimage home to join my father and brothers in giving her a very special birthday present. My wife and mother had never taken to each other, so, as always, my wife did not ask to go along. She did not know about my special relationship with my mother.

As I left the heavy city traffic behind, my mind wandered and I began reminiscing about the first time I contributed to my mother's special gift. She had made a man of me that day. The experience was so intense that I remember every detail as though it were yesterday. As I played the images back in my mind, my cock began to harden and stick its head out through my unzipped fly. I took it in my hand and slowly masturbated as I recalled that day ten years before.

My mother is a stunning beauty who earned critical acclaim for her work on the Broadway stage. She never had a leading role, but her outstanding performances in supporting roles caught the eye of play-goers and critics alike. At the age of twenty-one, she gave up her promising career to become a housewife and mother. She gave birth to and raised four sons and one daughter. She never used corporal punishment to keep us in line. A slight rise in the pitch and volume of her voice was all that it took.

Mom's forty-second birthday party was a rather large affair. Her charm and generosity had earned her many friends. I should have been enjoying myself, but I was so restless that I couldn't sit or stand in one place for more than a minute. Earlier that day, my oldest brother Clark had confirmed what I had suspected for years. After everyone but the family left, a special party was thrown in our parent's bedroom. I had had my eighteenth birthday just a few weeks before and was now old enough to participate. My parents firmly believed that incest should only be between consenting adults.

The crowd trickled away until only my parents and I, my older brothers Clark, Jeff and Thomas, and my older sister Polly remained. Mom had received many beautiful gifts, but they would pale by comparison to the gift that I was about to give her: my strong body. She began to flirt with me, something that she had never done before. She twisted a finger around a lock of my hair. "Are you really a virgin, son?" she asked. "I know you jack off a lot. Is that all you've done." I was shocked to learn that she knew about my compulsive masturbation. "Really, Mom, that's all I've ever done."

After a little more teasing, I was told to go to their room and lie naked on Mom's bed. I removed my clothes and stretched out on her perfumed bed. A few minutes later, Polly walked in carrying a bag of wrapping paper and ribbons. She whistled when she saw the size of my cock, even though it wasn't yet hard. "I have to wrap you up," she said. "I did this to the other guys and everybody got a big kick out of it." I was blushing like a little kid as she covered my cock and balls with paper and wrapped ribbon around it. She stuck on a bow to complete the package, kissed me on the cheek, and left the room.

A few minutes later the others came in with big smiles on their faces. I was a little surprised to see them fully clothed. My smiling mother stood at the foot of the bed and began removing her clothes. At the age of forty-two, she was at the pinnacle of her physical beauty. As she removed her blouse, my father began taking pictures for his pornography collection. My cock lurched upward when Mom's big tits fell out of her bra. My siblings giggled at the rustling sounds emanating from the paper that covered my awakening cock.

They laughed and joked as they watched the colorful paper steadily rise like a circus big top. Mom was soon down to panties, garter belt, and full-length nylons. She stood on the bed and spread her perfect legs so I could get a good look at them. "Show him your pussy, Mom," Polly coaxed. Mom teased me a little longer, then she eased the panties down a little at a time. The blond fuzz at the top of her cunt came into view. Little by little, she exposed her beautiful pussy to me. As my cock swelled to its full length of ten inches, the head burst through the wrapping paper. Everyone applauded the sudden appearance of my aroused prick.

Mom dropped to her knees between my spread legs and tore the paper away from her gift. As she lowered her head, her long blond ponytail fell against my thigh. With a toss of her head, she flipped it onto her back to give the others an unobstructed view. My father snapped closeups as her head came down on my cock. I felt her warm breath and then her soft lips against the head. There is nothing quite like the first feel of a mouth on your cock. Not even a thousand fantasies had prepared me for it. Mom gulped half of my cock, sucked so hard that her cheeks caved in, and then slowly lifted her head. That first suck felt so good that it made me cum. I didn't even last fifteen seconds. As I filled her mouth with creamy cum, my siblings laughed and my sister said, "That has to be a world record."

Even though I probably shot no more than a tablespoon of cum, it felt as though a gallon of the stuff was shooting out of me. Mom didn't stop sucking until she had every drop. Then she lifted her head and smiled at me as she swallowed. She turned around and mounted me sixty-nine style. As she lowered her cunt onto my mouth, I noticed that the color of the hair was an exact match to the hair on her head.

Having had no experience, I didn't know what to do to Mom's cunt. I began by kissing every inch of it. "Use your tongue, son," my father said. "Lick it hard." I ran my tongue up the groove between the two soft lips. When I slurped the bump at the top of the slit, her knees tightened against my sides. I painted circles around the nubbin with the tip of my tongue. As though to thank me for finding her cum-trigger, she swallowed the entire length of my prick. "Nice work, honey," my father said as he leaned in to take a picture.

Out of the corner of my eye I saw my siblings remove their clothes and crawl onto my father's bed. Clark and Jeff began sucking their sister's tits while Tom crawled between her legs and licked her pussy. My father removed his clothes and masturbated whenever he wasn't taking pictures.

Mom suddenly stopped sucking my cock and scrambled into position above me. The expression on her face had changed so much that she looked like a different woman. I was seeing lust on my mother's face for the first time. "You almost got me there with your tongue but I like to cum with a cock in my pussy," she said. Her voice was huskier than usual. She pulled my wet cock into an upright position and slowly impaled herself on it. The others stopped playing their games to watch me get my first pussy. "That's it, Mom, see if that big cock will fit in your pussy," Polly said, her voice dripping with lust. "Shoot a load into her," she said to me. "You don't have to worry about knocking her up. We're both on the pill."

Mom's grunts of pleasure grew louder with each inch of cock she took. When her pussy gobbled up six inches of the fat rod, she began wailing. "YOU'RE MAKING HER CUM, SON," my father shouted. "KEEP IT UP!"" I wasn't doing anything, so I assumed that he meant to keep my cock up. Squatting over me with her hands on my chest for balance, Mom began posting up and down on my cock. With each thrust she became a little slicker and my cock went in a little easier. Mom's ass was moving so fast that it would be a blur on my father's pictures. "OH, FUCK, I'M CUMMING ALL OVER HIS BIG COCK! UH..UH..UH..UH..OH, YESSSSSSSSSS!" My siblings applauded. A few seconds later, they applauded even louder when I lunged upward to plant my seed deep into her pussy.

I was gasping for air like a fish out of water. Mom fell forward and smothered me with her big tits. I caught a whiff of lilac as I stuffed a nipple in my mouth. I clamped my hands on her soft, cool ass and tried to keep it in motion. Fucking felt so good that I didn't want to stop. I managed to thrust up into her for another ten minutes, long enough to give her another orgasm. When my cock slipped out of her she rolled off to the side and called for my father. "Walter, come and get your sloppy seconds now. Faster! I need a cock in me now."

As my father mounted her, I noticed that his cock, although very large, wasn't as long or thick as mine. I glanced at my brothers and discovered that the same was true of them. Perhaps we inherited our cocks from different sides of the family. They put Polly on her elbows and knees. Clark and Jeff knelt by her head to have their cocks sucked while Tom took aim on her pussy. "Oh, thank you, Tommy," she said, as Tom speared her cunt. "I really need a good fuck."

I felt a little out of place with nothing to do while my family fucked on both sides of me. "You had better get to work on that thing, little brother," Tom said. "You know that you're next over here, don't you?" At first I was shy about masturbating, but once I got started it felt great. Mom was having a string of orgasms. She slapped my hand away from my cock and began jacking me herself. That was just what I needed. By the time Tom shot his wad in Polly's cunt, I was ready for her.

"I've never had one that thick," she said, as I knelt behind. At first it wouldn't go in. "Am I sticking it in the right place?" I asked. "Yes, you're right on target," she answered. "You just have to push harder." She groaned as it sank into her. She was tighter than Mom because she had no children and hadn't been fucked as many times. I clamped my hands to her waist and began what was really my first true fuck. My cock had been in Mom's pussy but she had done all of the work. I can still close my eyes and visualize my big cock sliding in and out below the two round globes of her ass. At the other end, Clark groaned as he squirted in her mouth. Jeff did the same a minute later. On the other bed, my father roared like a bear as he sprayed Mom's uterus. My brothers crawled onto the other bed to have some fun with Mom.

Polly suddenly pulled away from me, rolled onto her back and said, "I'll teach you a new way to fuck." After propping her ankles on my shoulders, she lined my cock up with her fuck-hole and told me to push. A good hard shove and we were mated. "Now get above me and push my legs back as far as they will go. I cum like crazy in this position." I did as she said and liked the feeling of power it gave me. I slowly put my weight on her until her knees were almost touching her tits. "Now pin my arms down so I can't get away." After I pinned her wrists I had her in a sort of fleshy bondage. A dozen thrusts was all it took to send her over the edge. "OH, YESSSSSSSSS, I'M CUM..CUM..CUMMING! DON'T STOP! FUCK ME HARDER!" And did I ever! "Good work, son," my father said. "She can take a lot. Keep poking her."

Mom shrieked as her sons' tongue's pulled her trigger. Tom was eating cum out of her pussy while Clark and Jeff sucked noisily on her tits. Dad squatted over her head and dropped his floppy cock in her mouth to muffle her howls.

I was very pleased with myself for giving my sister such a good fucking. After she came half a dozen times, I pulled my cock out and shot a load onto her belly. As soon as I rolled free, Dad took my place and fucked his daughter. Once again, I was on the sidelines.

Our sex party lasted until we were all so exhausted that we were unable to continue. The next day, my brothers and sister returned to their homes in other cities. I still lived at home, so I had access to Mom's body whenever I wanted it. Her sex drive was very strong, so she usually made the first move. Mom, Dad and I did many threesomes. That arrangement continued until I joined the Army a few months later.

An obnoxious driver blowing his horn at me put an end to my lovely daydream. It was just as well because the traffic had become heavy and driving took all of my concentration. A broken radiator hose delayed my arrival home.

I rang the bell and was greeted by my brother Clark. He was naked so the party had apparently started without me. His half-hard cock glistened with moisture that was almost certainly sex juice. "You didn't miss much," he said. "We've only been at it for about half an hour. We were going to wait for you but we got so horny that we couldn't control ourselves. Now come and help with the fucking."

The scene in the bedroom was about what I had expected. Jeff and Tom were treating Mom to a double-penetration fuck with Tom in her ass and Jeff in her cunt. Dad was on the other bed fucking Polly. "Just in time," Tom said. "I just shot off. You can take my place."

I was out of my clothes in a flash. As I took my position above Mom, I said, "Happy Birthday, Mom. Here's your present." Then I slid my torpedo into her greasy tube.