 I was 18 years old and had still never even been kissed. It was somewhat odd though because I was in no way a nerd or was in no way socially awkward. In terms of looks, I was not displeasing to the eye, although I was shorter than average, which did not bode well for me in the complexities of female desire. Still, the lack of sexual interaction probably came down to the fact that my standards may have been too high at times and on the other times I lacked the confidence to make the transition from casual flirting to a spontaneous (and probably clumsy) kiss. The following story details the events that led from my sexual innocence and chagrin to the blossoming of the luckiest night in history – it is just a shame that no one believed me!

It was the winter holidays and my friends and I had decided to have a celebratory break from the pressures of University life. We all had a love for the mountaineering/ skiing lifestyle and so took advantage of our collective free time and splurged on a generous package deal to an unpopular ski lodge in the Swiss Alps. The trip was for six nights. It was all fun and games up until the afternoon on what would turn into the fifth night. 

After five days of getting a little too well acquainted with my friends (nothing gay – not that there's anything wrong with that!) I needed some time alone and so took it upon myself to go for a lovely afternoon cross country mountain trek. In retrospection, my little getaway was probably a tiny bit stupid, but hey, I was young, invincible and didn't have the time for trivial news items such as weather reports.

After a while, the crisp mountain air, the absolute white of the snow and the fact that the only sound was a whistling of the wind had all caused me to lose track of time and direction. I remembered thinking that there were probably no people for miles. I breathed deeply and decided to head back in the direction I came from, which was not easy, for I had been walking indiscriminately for a couple of hours and had no compass. At that point, I was not nervous and was quite confident of making my way back to the lodge without much trouble. However, after making use of intuition and the fresh footprints left in the snow, I noticed an encompassing shadow that had cast itself over everything in site. Dark clouds had circled over head relatively quickly. Snowflakes had already started to fall and were picking up tempo at a somewhat alarming rate. It was at that moment that slight pangs of anxiety crippled the top half of my body. The snow kept falling and the gentle whispers of the wind had turned into bellowing screams of vigorous ghosts.

I was surprised at how fast the temperature had dropped and in a matter of minutes I had gone from cozy to shivering. The snow was now pounding down and I was finding it difficult to see. I realized I was caught in a blizzard, but I was inexperienced in dealing with them. I did not know how long they lasted and so it was difficult to decide whether to just keep trudging along or sit still and wait for my vision to clear up a bit. It was mainly the glacial winds that spurred me on, because I knew that the blizzard would only cause the temperatures to continue dropping and in terms of clothing – I was not at all prepared. 

After walking for about an hour, the storm had not let up, if anything it had probably become more formidable. With just the short radius of visibility before the sheer white to guide me, I was beginning to think that I was going in the wrong direction. The terrain was unfamiliar and there was a distinct lack of stable ground.

Another hour had passed and I now realized I was lost. I was struggling to take substantial breaths and I was aware that it was very important for me to find shelter. It was then that I saw a dark shape through the dense snow, which could have only been ten metres away. Stretching my numb hands, I walked closer and realized it was a small timber hut. I felt a surge of relief, knowing that the hut would probably save my life. I went around to the front and found a porch. I knew people occupied the hut because a snow swamped car was parked outside. Without hesitation, I rapped heavily on the door and waited with hopeful anticipation. 

After a brief wait, the door swung open slowly to reveal a woman in a heavy snow coat that draped just above her knees. I noticed that her legs were bare and found this to be strange but did not have enough time to think about it. I was taken aback by the woman's beauty. She was young – I guessed about twenty. She had dark, long, thick hair and had features that resembled a Mediterranean goddess, naturally tanned, with eyes as dark as her hair. She was absolutely beautiful, in an imposing, super model way (yes, she was taller than me). 

I tried to say hello, but the cold must have affected my throat because only a whisper came out. The woman grabbed my jacket and pulled me inside. I cleared my throat and managed to thank her. 

"The blizzard hit so quickly I must have got lost," I appealed. 

She did not look very sympathetic though and asked "Were you alone?" 

I nodded. She spoke abruptly and with a European accent I couldn't decipher at the time. 

"We just got to the cabin this morning; we did not have time to get wood for a fire." She said quickly and I realized she must have been getting colder by the second. I also realized that the cabin provided a barrier to the cutting wind, but was not much of a barrier to the bitter cold. 

"We?" I asked.

"This is a holiday home. I brought my sister and her friend for the weekend, but the shit weather turns and we weren't prepared. Although, I expected something like this to happen. What can go wrong will go wrong." She said sarcastically with no flake of humor. 

I was impressed by her English, but as she stood there pouting (more in an annoyed than sexy way) I didn't know what to say so I told her my name.

"Whatever, if this storm keeps up, names won't matter anymore. But, in the meantime – I'm Sophia." At that moment she wrapped her arms around herself and shivered. "Come on, you are going to have to keep warm or you will get hy-hyp…"

"Hypothermia," I chimed in.

"Yes, that." 

Sophia turned and began to walk into one of the rooms. The cabin only had a living room, a tiny kitchen, a small bathroom and one bedroom. Sophia entered the bedroom and I followed, not sure of what to expect.

The bedroom, like the rest of cabin, was lit up by candles and gas lanterns. A fairly strong orange glow lit up a double bed in the centre of the room. Two girls were cuddled up on one half of the bed under a woolen blanket. They both looked up when I entered and stared at me, so I introduced myself. 

"He was caught in the storm, but it doesn't look like it will let up tonight so he will have to stay here." Sophia told the girls, and then she looked at me and said "the blonde one is my sister, Caterina. And that's her friend Alana." 

Caterina had her back to me, but Alana put her head up and managed a small smile. For a split second I became a bit dizzy, when I realized that Alana was nearly as attractive as Sophia. 

Sophia then blew my mind and caught me off guard, "The temperatures in the cabin are as cold as they have ever been. We have been using each others body temperatures to stay warm. It is the only way." Sophia spoke very matter-of-factly without much emotion. This made the whole scene a little surreal. I actually remember gulping and feeling like a loser for doing so. 

"Get undressed. You are probably the coldest, so you can go in the middle." Sophia instructed. I hesitated. "Hurry up, if you haven't noticed its fucking freezing." This time I could detect a little grin in between the chattering of teeth. 

Despite the cold and my powerful urge to get warm, I was still overcome with equally powerful feelings of nervousness. I was being silly and I knew it, but the feelings stayed. I took my jacket off, and automatically felt a constant chill, so I sped up and removed the rest off my clothes quite quickly – except for my boxers. I kind of raised my eyebrows at Sophia. 

"For God's sake, grow up. If one of us gets hypothermia we will be stuck here, without help until the snow stops. Anyway, your shorts are damp from the snow – how can u expect to get warm if you are wet?" She stated vehemently. 

Sophia reminded me of one of those French art students, who are constantly cynical and smoking a fag. But I did what I was told and removed my boxers. 

Sophia pointed to the bed. I moved over to the edge and glanced over to the girls. Caterina was the closest to me but still had her back towards me. She was holding Alana, who had her back to Caterina. I lifted up the blanket and slid into the bed. As I slid across to the middle of the bed, I realized that as I had the blanket up, the shadows and orange light from the candles were dancing on the slender, naked back of Caterina all the way down to lowest of her lower back, showing just a smidgeon of the rise of her bottom. 

That view made my heart jump just a bit, before it was taken over by awkwardness. I laid on my back close to Caterina, not really knowing what I should do. I looked over to Sophia who had her back to me and was pulling the large jacket over her head. While she hung her jacket up in the closet, I had a complete view of the back of her entirely naked body. Her thick, lush hair ran halfway down her back, swaying against her perfect light brown skin as she struggled with the closet door. Never in my life had I seen such a perfect ass (not that I had seen any type of ass before – except maybe in the odd strip club). However, her ass was perfectly proportioned to the rest of body. Her tanned legs looked incredibly smooth and ran as long as a fire pole up to her taut behind. As my eyes tried to work with my memory to save the image of her indefinitely, she turned around. I didn't get a long look at the front, because she caught me staring at her and I was quick to try and save face by averting my gaze to the ceiling. But of what I did see was absolutely gorgeous. She had her arms crossed across her breasts, but once again, her front was well proportioned. All I remember seeing a small, rectangular patch of hair in between her bronzed legs.

As Sophia was climbing into the bed next to me, Caterina twisted her body (under the covers now) and looked at me. I know no one will believe me, but this girl was just as stunning as her older sister, although very different looking. Caterina had hair similar to Sophia's except it was blonde and very straight, rather than wavy. She was not one of those girls that you would tag "beautiful," not that she wasn't up to the standard of her beautiful sister, but the tag just did not fit Caterina. She was ridiculously cute – to the point of pure sexiness. Her skin was a similar color to Sophia's except not quite as tanned. Her eyes were also dissimilar as they were a sky blue. Perhaps she was a natural blonde after all. Her lips were pink and her nose was small and slightly upturned. She looked fairly young.

"Hey, isn't it cold?" She whispered with a frown, not waiting for an answer. "What were you doing walking by yourself in the mountains?"

"I was just getting away for awhile; I guess I should have listened to the weather report." I replied. 

"You think?" She was just as sarcastic as her sister; except it was obvious she was teasing rather than being nasty. She spoke in a slightly different accent to her sisters. I was not an expert of linguistics but it sounded like Cat spoke in a more Italian accent, while Sophia's was more French.

"How old are you? You don't look very old," She whispered.

"18. How bout you?" 

"I just turned 18 this month. Anyway if you forgot, my name is Caterina – but I like Cat." 

She then grabbed my arm, turned back to her original position and wrapped my arm around her stomach. I couldn't believe my luck. If only I hadn't of been so cold, I would have enjoyed it a hell of a lot more. I then felt Sophia up against my back as she put her arm around me and held me tight. I just lied there for a moment wondering if this had all been set up as an elaborate prank. As I realized that was stupid, I moved closer to Cat so my chest was touching her back. Her hair was brushed up against my face. It smelled of apricot. I was the happiest I had ever been.

We laid in that position for about 30 minutes. There had been several times during the half-hour, which went quite quick mind you, when my arm had 'accidentally' risen from Cat's flat stomach and had rested below her breasts, which were radiating a sensual heat. On one occasion she had repositioned herself and I was fairly sure that my penis lightly touched her behind, which was very close to making me hard. So, I used the same trick and repositioned myself by inching my ass into Sophia's lap. I swear I felt her pubic hair brush against me, which nearly tipped me over the edge as well. It doesn't sound like much, but remember to an 18 year old who had never experienced female sexual contact, being surrounded by three naked European beauties was absolute bliss.

The body heat had worked fairly well as you could feel a warmth circulate under the blanket. After a while, it was not necessary to be in the spoon positions, so we were all just kind of free to lie how we wanted. I turned on my back, as did Sophia. Cat and Alana were now on their sides facing each other, whispering about something. The bed was so small that even if we did not need body interaction to stay warm, we would all still be touching anyway. My shoulder was now rubbed up against Sophia's. I looked over at her, but she had her eyes closed. My God, she was beautiful. I looked at her blanket covered breasts as her chest breathed in and out. Her breasts were bigger than I had originally thought. I was not an expert on bra sizes, but I guessed them to be about a large C cup.

I sighed deeply and stared back up at the ceiling listening to the storm that sounded like it was still going strong. It was then, that Cat did a complete turn onto her side to face me, but as she did the back of her hand touched my penis momentarily and ran across my thigh. It had looked like that this happened by accident as her hand flailed out while she rolled over, but I had a feeling she had done this on purpose. She was, after all, younger than me, so maybe she was just as inexperienced and sexually innocent as me. Unlikely, but certainly possible. My heart was beating at the prospect that she had just teased me like that on purpose. I looked at her and she too had her eyes closed. She looked so sexy, lying there in the candlelight that I was ridiculously close to kissing her, but didn't of course – if I was that spontaneous I might have not been a virgin.

I realized at that moment that Sophia was beginning to shiver. Only our shoulders were touching, so she wasn't getting much body warmth. I didn't do anything for the moment; I wanted to see what she would do. She didn't even open her eyes. I barely even knew Sophia, but I could tell that she was quite stubborn, so I did not expect her to complain about being cold. I put my hand on her arm to see if she was awake. She opened her eyes, so without saying a word, I placed my right arm under her neck and covered my shoulder with hers, so I was holding her very close. Surprisingly, she placed her head into the crook of my neck. Because of the position we were in, my leg intertwined with her gorgeous leg. I wrapped her up with my left hand. My left hand was supposed to lie on her stomach, but unintentionally I had placed it a bit lower and the tips of my fingers were touching the top of her pubic hair – and best of all, she did not seem to realize it. 

This is the closest I had ever come to a girl's minge and so I was obviously quite excited by this. Her pubic hair was straight, rather than curly and was trimmed fairly short. It was awesome to have one of the most beautiful girl's I had ever seen in my arms, naked. It was an even better feeling when she stopped shivering and I knew it had been my body that warmed her. 

We stayed in this position for sometime, before Cat placed her leg over my free leg and hugged me from behind. Once again, her hand just happened to scrape over my now semi – hard penis (I say scrape – but silk doesn't scrape – it glides.) Her second penis touch could not have been another accident. I also felt her breasts pressing against my back, which was not necessary in that position, as I did not feel Sophia's breasts at all earlier. So I definitely thought something was going on with Cat. I wasn't sure whether she was just trying to tease me or whether she actually found me attractive. Either way, I was now in heaven (excuse the cliché) but there is no better way to describe it. Here I was holding a Mediterranean beauty, our legs wrapped around each other, while her younger sister holds me from behind. I thought that it couldn't get better than that – How wrong I was.

Sometime later, the storm was still persevering and it was still bitterly cold. Alana, who I almost forgot was there, began to complain that she was getting cold. I didn't blame her, considering she had been on the end of the bed the whole time and was being physically ignored by Cat. So Sophia offered a solution – Alana should swap with Cat for awhile because my body temperature was the highest. Worked for me. Sophia and I had returned to lying on our backs, with my right arm wrapped around her left arm. Not as close as I would have liked, but hey, I'll take what I can. Listening to Sophia, Alana climbed over Cat and in doing so revealed her breasts to me. Her nipples were fairly small, but they were in proportion to her breasts, which were about a B cup. Out of the three girls, she was the smallest in stature. She couldn't have been over 5'3. She flopped down next to me. She lay on her side, with one arm draped across my chest and her head on my shoulder. 

"Hi" she said and smiled. 

"Hi."

I stared down at her, the first chance I had to look at her properly. She had light brown, medium length hair and light brown eyes. Her skin was the fairest of all the girls. As you would call Sophia beautiful and Cat extremely cute, I guess you would call Alana exceptionally pretty. She had soft features, but her standout was her lips, which were shaped perfectly. Her hair hung around her flawlessly milky shoulders and possibly because of her size, she looked the youngest and the most innocent. Yet, like the other two girls, she was damn sexy. 

Then, this innocent looking girl did something unexpected: while still on her side, she pulled her leg up and placed it over my crotch. She pulled herself as close to me as possible, which meant that not only were her breasts pressed against my chest, but I could feel the slight prickliness of her pubic hair against the side of my leg and concluded that she must shave her pubic hair really short. I noticed that her mound was radiating more heat than any part of her body. Being bold, I slid my hand quickly over her petite behind and then placed it on her leg and I slid my other arm behind her neck pulling her even closer to me. Even something as small as glancing my hand over her ass, gave me a bolt of adrenalin. I had to be careful though, her leg was covering some of my penis and I didn't particularly want to get an erection, just in case it was the girls' culture that determined their openness to sexuality and not their attraction to me. It was definitely a struggle to keep my cock down. All these sensations I was experiencing at once was not common for me. Never had a girl shown any affection towards me and here I had a beautiful girl warming my leg with her pussy. The uncertainty of her intentions made it even sexier. It was more of a rush if she wasn't really aware that she was driving me insanely frustrated.
