 My name is Mike. It all started about a few years ago when I was 18. I went to my Aunt Suzy’s house to spend the day swimming with my cousins, Brian and Lisa. Brian was a year older at 19 and was a sophomore in college. He was about my size at 6’0 and couldn’t be more than 165 lbs. Lisa was my age at 18 and we were both seniors in high school. Lisa was the type of girl that you knew would be hot at an early age. She was about 5’6 and maybe weighed 95 lbs., had gorgeous legs and started to develop a beautiful set of tits. They had to be about a C-cup at the time. The thing that she had going though was her eyes. They looked exactly like Chasey Lain’s, eyes that you just stared into when she spoke. She got those from her mother, who also had an amazing pair of eyes. Lisa didn’t get her hair color from anyone though; she had perfect blond hair that ran just past her shoulders. Everyone else in her family had brown hair. She and Brian went to a different school as they lived about 5 miles away from us. 

My Aunt Suzy was a few years younger than my mother at 36 and had about the same build. She was about 5’7 and 135 lbs., although most of that weight was due to her tits. They were amazing at a 36DD, meaning that they really didn’t sag at all. They were just the kind of tits that you wanted to pop out of a dress and suck on for a week. Aunt Suzy had shoulder length autumn brown hair and an absolutely beautiful face. 

I never really felt comfortable around their family. I always felt like my Aunt Suzy was a little mean to me and Brian always acted like he was too old to hang out with me, like he was better than me. Lisa was the only one to make an effort, even though sometimes she would chime in with her mom or brother and make fun of me. I guess she was a bit of a tease in that sense. When we were alone she would be nice and we would have a great time together, but when she was with her friends she acted like she didn’t know me.

Anyway, we were all swimming in the pool in the backyard as my aunt was laying out in the middle of the yard in one of those long reclining chairs. She was sitting up a little reading a book with a pair of sunglasses on. We had just finished a game of Marco Polo (which I lost because my cousins cheated) when Lisa and Brian said they were going inside to get something to eat. I stayed in their above ground pool while they headed off inside. I climbed out to go on their slide located to the left of the pool. It was pretty cool except for the fact that you had to pour water on it, as the automatic sprinklers on it were broken. I slid down and splashed in the pool when I heard my aunt call out, “Don’t use the slide!” I just waded for a moment embarrassed at being yelled at when my aunt called for me to come over to her.

“Where’s Brian and Lisa?” she asked.

“They went inside to get something to eat,” I said.

“Go inside and tell them to get the money from my purse and then to come out here, I need them to walk over to the store.”

I headed back inside the house and went to the kitchen where I expected they would be, but they weren’t. I started to walk around the house quietly thinking that maybe they were playing another trick on me. I thought I heard something from upstairs, but then it was gone. When I heard it the second time I headed upstairs to check it out.

I peered into Lisa’s room as it was halfway open and that’s where the noise was coming from. When I looked in I couldn’t believe my eyes. There was Brian standing by the bed with his trunks down around his ankles. Lisa was down on her knees in front of her brother with his dick in her mouth. She had her eyes closed and was bobbing her head up and down on his pole. She let out soft little hums like “Mmmm,” as she continued to work on Brian. Brian, meanwhile, had his eyes shut and his head tilted back as his hand was on the back of my cousin’s head. His mouth was open as he let out little groans like “Uggghhh.” I stared and watched for a minute, then crept slowly away and back downstairs. I couldn’t believe what I just saw, more importantly I couldn’t think of what I was going to tell my aunt. I headed outside and slowly walked over to her. 

“Well, did you tell them? Where are they?” she demanded.

“No, I didn’t see them,” I replied.

“Aauugghh, fine!” she stammered as she slammed her book closed and tossed it on the recliner as she got up to go in the house. I stood there for a minute not sure what to do. I looked down and saw my shorts clinging to my legs. I was wearing these volleyball shorts that also had a liner in them for swimming. They were cool except that when they got wet they stuck to my body, which was embarrassing when my dick shriveled up and showed through my shorts after I had been swimming. 

Just then I heard the sliding glass door from the house open and my aunt walked over with a bottle of sun tan lotion. I saw a crooked little smile on her face that she was trying to conceal as she said, “I can’t find them either, oh well.” Oh well? Just a second ago she was yelling at me that I didn’t find them as she so obviously wanted. What the hell was going on? Did she really not find them or did she and was just lying like I had? What if she saw them and thought that I saw them? Panic started to set in as she sat down on the chair and reclined it all the way.

“Here, can you put some this on my back?” she asked handing me the bottle of lotion as she got on her stomach. All I could say was “sure” and took the cap off as she undid the tie in the back of her bikini top. Now my aunt’s backyard is completely covered by trees around the fences. You really couldn’t see into the neighbors’ yard on any side, so I really didn’t worry about anyone seeing me put lotion on my aunt with her bikini untied. I put the lotion on my hands and started to rub it along her back. “Make sure you get my sides too so I don’t burn,” she said. I started along the sides by her waist, careful not to go near her tits, which were spilling out, on both sides of her oily body. 

“Auuggghh, like this” she yelled as she grabbed my right hand and placed it onto the side of her tit. “I told you I don’t want to burn!”

I started to rub the lotion all over the side of her tit. “Put your leg over and get the other one too,” she politely said. The other one? She obviously meant her breast but I couldn’t believe she was making me do this. I flung my left leg over her so I was kind of straddling the chair. I put some more lotion on and started to rub both of her tits simultaneously. “Mmmmm,” she softly moaned. My legs started to get tired and I started to touch her with my ass. “Go ahead, you can sit down,” she said. I sat down on her nice firm ass and continued rubbing her luscious firm tits. By now I had gotten a pretty good hard-on that I was trying to prevent from touching my Aunt Suzy. But every once in a while it brushed up against her ass. 

She asked me to come around in front of her and do her shoulders. As I got up I tried to adjust myself as I was sporting a pretty wicked hard-on. The material from my shorts was still clinging to my leg and you could see the outline of my cock. I did the best I could to hide it and walked in front of my aunt. She propped her head up on her folded arms in front of her and had taken her sunglasses off. As I started to work on her shoulders, I poured some more lotion on my hands spilling some onto my shorts. 

“Whoops,” my aunt cooed as she started to wipe up the lotion with her fingers. She started to rub her fingers along my cock, which was now starting jump around in my shorts as she played with it. She looked up at me with a little smile and then pulled down my shorts. I just watched as she rubbed the excess lotion up and down on my throbbing prick. It felt so good, to have someone else’s hand touching my dick. I hadn’t even really kissed a girl, yet alone have one jerking me off. Aunt Suzy then leaned forward and gave the tip a little lick. She moaned softly as she started licking my shaft all over, even stopping to fondle and lick my balls. Then she leaned up and took my cock in her mouth. I was in heaven! I couldn’t believe the incredible sensation of having my dick sucked for the first time. She was humming around my pecker and took it out a couple of times to lick the head. She would look into my eyes before turning her head back down and engulfing my cock. Finally I started to tense up and knew I was going to cum before she took my dick out and lay back on the recliner chair. This was the first time I saw her big, beautiful tits that I had just rubbed the sides of. They were gorgeous as they hung there and I just wanted to grab them and suck on them. She motioned me over to her as she pulled down her bikini bottoms. I started to crawl up to her breasts but she stopped me and pushed my head down to her crotch. 

“It’s my turn now, I want you to eat my pussy like a good boy,” she said. I stared at it, looking at her neatly trimmed bush. Obviously I had never eaten pussy before and didn’t know where to begin, although I was sure I wanted to do it. I looked up at her as she said, “Just start licking it.” I wanted to make my aunt happy and didn’t want to be yelled at again so I dove in and started licking around. 

“Yes, ooh, that’s it. Mmmmm, yes just keep licking. That’s good,” she said as her breathing got heavier. 

As I licked her I noticed that it tasted and smelled different, but not bad. Actually her pussy was a pleasant mix of perfume and coconut (from the lotion). I kept licking until my aunt lifted my head and said ok. She then spread her legs for me. “Come here,” she whispered. She started to rub my dick and placed it at the entrance of her sopping wet cunt. She grabbed me by my ass cheeks and told me to push. When I did I felt my dick slip into her warm, wet pussy. She positioned herself below me and put her arms around me. 

“That’s it, now just move it in and out ok?” she said as her heavy breathing started catching up to my own.

We started to rock back and forth, careful not to make too much noise, as we didn’t know if any of the neighbors were out. The thought of being out in the open with my cock slipping in and out of my beautiful aunt’s cunt was unbelievable. I leaned down and started to suck on her luscious mounds of tit flesh. She grabbed the back of my head as I sucked and licked her nipple for all it was worth. “Yes, yes baby suck on my tities. Suck on your auntie’s big tities,” she moaned in my ear. I looked up into her beautiful eyes and just kept moving in and out. It was incredible fucking my aunt. I relished the warm feeling all over my body and the sensation of her cunt muscles massaging my prick. It felt really warm and wet as my cock started to make some squishing noises as I pumped in and out of her. I really wasn’t pounding her or giving her the fucking of a lifetime, I just did as she told me. I just lay on top of her and moved my ass up and down, slipping my cock in and out of her delicious pussy. My dick only slipped out once, mainly because I got lost for a moment trying to switch tits. My dick was a good seven inches, so I really didn’t have to worry about slipping out too much. 

My Aunt Suzy grabbed my head and moved it up to hers. “Did you see them? I know you did. I know you saw your cousins. Lisa is such a good little cocksucker. Mmmmm, yes, do you like fucking? Do you like fucking your auntie?”

“Yeeeessss,” was all I could muster as I felt myself getting closer. 

She let out a little moan and pulled me in to kiss me. I started moving my lips against hers when I suddenly felt her tongue slip into my mouth. Instinct took over and I was soon French kissing my aunt as my cock lay deep in her moist, hot pussy. Our tongues played with each other for a while before I pulled away and stopped for a second.

“What is it? Are you ready to cum baby? Go ahead, you can cum in me. Keep fucking me until you cum inside my pussy, I want you to. Oh, Mikey I want you to cum in me so bad. Please, cum for Aunt Suzy,” she begged.

That was it, I grunted and gave one final thrust into my aunt’s pussy before I exploded inside of her. I must have let forth at least nine or ten spurts of cum inside my aunt before I just lay on top of her and put my head in between her heavy breasts. 


“Get up for a second,” she said as she started to push me back off of her. I sat down on the recliner as she stood up and started to wipe herself a little with her towel. “That was beautiful baby. Was that your first time?” she asked as if she couldn’t tell. I told her it was and she responded by smiling and taking my hand. “Come on, let’s go inside,” she said as I followed her into the house. As we walked my limp dick just swayed back and forth, all wet and slimy from my aunt’s mouth and pussy. 

We started to head upstairs when I started to hear some loud smacking sounds and groans. My Aunt Suzy led me to Lisa’s bedroom where I saw Brian pumping his cock into my cousin’s snatch. I looked up at my aunt and she just smiled at me and led me into the bedroom. 

“Can we join?” my aunt asked as we walked over to the bed.

“Mikey!” Lisa exclaimed as she smiled at us.

“Just a minute mom,” Brian let out as he continued groaning and fucking his sister. 

“No, I want you two to save some for us. Pull out of your sister,” my aunt replied.

“Come on mom I’m almost done,” Brian could barely say as he was about to coat his sister’s pussy walls with his semen.

“NO, NOW,” my aunt demanded.

With that a bitter Brian pulled out of his sister before he could climax. My aunt walked me over to the bed and sat me down. “I just popped your cousins cherry,” my aunt told my cousins. “Really?” asked Lisa. “Way to go man,” Brian said as he smacked me on the back. “Now I want us all to have some fun since I converted Mike to incest,” my aunt told my cousins. It really hadn’t dawned on me that what I had just done was incest, I was too consumed by the immense pleasure my aunt had given my dick and being able to suck on her glorious tits. I started to drift off a little and feel somewhat ashamed when I felt someone’s hand on my dick and looked down to see Lisa kneeling on the floor in front of me with her hand on me. 

“Mmmm, you want me to suck him mommy?” Lisa asked my aunt.

“Yes, stick his big cock in your mouth honey,” my aunt said.

With that my cousin looked up at me as she opened her mouth and placed my cockhead inside. The sight of my beautiful cousin sucking me while looking up at me quickly brought my dick back to life. God it was such a gorgeous sight. Her beautiful eyes just seemed to pierce my soul as her tongue flickered over the head of my dick. I closed my eyes, tilted my head back and moaned with my cousin as she gave me an even better blowjob than my aunt (certainly not taking anything away from my aunt!). 

Then I heard my aunt say, “Brian help your sister out.”

“Awww,” I heard him reply as I felt him get off the bed. Lisa pulled my cock out of her mouth as I felt another hand grab hold of my dick. I looked down to see Brian grab my cock and guide it into his mouth. 

“Yes, suck him good Brian, oh fuck,” my aunt moaned as she played with her big tities.

It was a little weird at first and I started to go soft at the idea of my dick in another guy’s mouth, but I have to admit that Brian was pretty good. He started sucking me louder and harder than either his sister or mother had. Then he took my cock out and spit on the head. He started rubbing his spit all over the head of my cock mixing it with my precum while tonguing the underside of my shaft. “Oh, god yes baby, spit on his nasty cock, oooohhh, suck his balls baby,” my aunt cried as she stuffed two fingers inside her pussy. Brian started to tongue my balls and sucked one into his mouth. God, the feeling was incredible. Lisa leaned over and put my dick back in her mouth as her brother was playing with my balls in his mouth. I started to groan and could feel myself coming close again when my aunt told them to stop.

“Can Mikey lick my pussy mom? Lisa asked. 

“Not yet, I want him to try something else,” my aunt replied. Else, what else? What else was there to do? I figured maybe she wanted me to fuck her or Lisa in the ass like I saw in porno mags, but other than that what else was there? “Brian, get on the bed,” my aunt directed. Brian sat next to me as Aunt Suzy grabbed my arm and pulled me down in front of Brian. My aunt got down on her knees with me and started to rub my dick. 

“I want you to suck your cousin’s hot, wet cock,” she moaned in my ear. Brian and Lisa overheard her and they started to laugh and cheer. “Yeah, suck my dick bitch!” Brian laughed out. I started to panic and freeze and could feel my dick go limp even as my aunt stroked it. 

“Come on, you can do it,” she whispered in my ear. Lisa moved over so she could get a good look and listen to what my aunt was saying. 

“Come on Mike, Brian did it to you so you have to do it to him, it’s only fair,” my aunt said. 

“Yeah, come on man, I did it, it’s not that bad, you’ll get used to it,” said Brian calmly as he stroked his big dick. 

He looked to be about the same size as me, maybe even 8 inches. I felt nervous and scared as my aunt pushed my head down toward his crotch. 

“Now open your mouth like a good boy,” my aunt said to me. I slowly started to open my mouth, as I was too scared to do anything else. Her expert handjob was helping me out a little as I was too confused to realize what it was that I was about to do. My cousin took his dick and pointed it toward my mouth. My aunt continued to push me closer to him when his dick brushed up against my lips. 

“Ooohhhh, gooodddd, yeeeessss, do it,” my aunt moaned as she worked on my dick and pushed my head.

Suddenly my cousin pushed his big cock into my mouth and moaned as he saw it disappear. 

“Fuck yes, oh god that’s good baby, oh so fucking good,” my aunt moaned as she let go of my dick and I guess started fingering herself. I was busy trying to figure out what to do as my eyes were closed with my cousin’s dick in my mouth. 

“Use your tongue Mikey,” Lisa directed me as she started to rub my butt.

I started to work my tongue around the underside of his dick as it was the only place I could. Then my cousin started to pull his cock out and then pushed it back in. 

“That’s it baby, fuck his mouth, oh god fuck his pretty little mouth Brian,” my aunt cheered on.

I started to get the hang of it and just did the best I could not to choke on it. I just figured I would do this until my aunt told me to stop and try not to screw up. Then something happened. Brian started to groan and as he pulled his dick out I licked the tip of his head. When I did I tasted something sweet. It wasn’t cum, as I’m sure I’d be able to tell if he came in my mouth. I figured it must be his precum. There wasn’t much to it; it just felt neat licking something out of him. He started moaning and groaning as I licked more and more at his head. When he slowly pulled his dick out of my mouth, I followed his cock and kept tonguing the head with abandon. I don’t know what came over me all of a sudden.

“OH FUCK YEEESSSSSSS, GOD THAT IS SO FUCKING HOT,” my aunt cried out. 

“God, he won’t stop licking the head,” Brian laughed out. 

“That’s because he likes it,” my aunt said. “You like it don’t you Mikey, you like sucking cock. God you’re a little cocksucker,” my aunt moaned in my ear as she thrust her tongue in there. “Oh fuck you’re such a good little cocksucker, suck it, suck him deep.” I kept bobbing up and down on his shaft until he was about to cum. “Oh fuck,” cried Brian. 

“NO, not yet,” cried my aunt and with that she grabbed his dick from my mouth and started to pull me up.

“Come on mom,” Brian said as he closed his eyes and fell back on the bed. “I’m dying here.”
