 My younger sister Kristy and I have always been very close. Since we are only a year apart, my parents treated us like we were a twin set of boys. By that I mean we took baths together until we were about 10 and we were forced to sleep in the same hotel bed on family vacations until I was 16. We finally needed our own beds because even though we were close we still always fought about everything, just like any other brother and sister.

When we were younger my sister was quite the tomboy. She always chose to follow my friends and I to get in whatever mischief we were in. She would even participate in our wrestling matches, she was tough pinning my friends and myself frequently. She went through puberty before I did and was bigger then me for over a year. It was embarrassing to have my 5-5 younger sister towering over me. 

This all changed as I grew older, she stayed at 5-5 and blossomed while I grew to be 6-0. Height wasn't the only thing to change. She had grown into beautiful women. She has long blonde hair, blue eyes, long slender legs, a beautifully tight ass, and a huge set of breasts. She is very athletic and spends a lot of time at the beach. All that time she spent at the beach, with her beach bunny friends, gave her a dark copper tone tan only comparable to the girls of Bay Watch. 

Even though we had gotten older we still were pretty liberal with what we wore around each other. She saw me in my underwear frequently and I saw her in her braw and underwear frequently. Every time I saw her in her undies I would ogle over her luscious tan body. When she would see me look I would whistle and joke and she would tell me to shut up. She thought I was just kidding, but she was definitely something to whistle at.

She would always bring one or two of her buxom blonde friends home with her. They were unbelievably hot, but I still didn't think they were comparable to her. I always made sure to walk out in my underwear when they were around, and Kristy would holler at me to put some close on. I would walk out in my briefs and say, "Well hello ladies, how are you all doing today." I know they all had crushes on me so I had to oblige them while pissing my sister off.

I had girlfriend after girlfriend throughout high school but I was always horny over my sister. I would watch her prance around the house carelessly in a T-Shirt and underwear. I could not even begin to count the number of times I had to retreat to my room to masturbate about having sex with her. Thinking about her skimpy tank tops and frilly panties that would crawl up the crack of her solid ass. I masturbated for years about fucking her. Right up to the time I had to go to college.

The women at college allowed me to get my mind off my hot little sister back home. Since I chose to go to college 2000 miles away, I wasn't going to be able to check out her sweet body until Christmas. Finally Christmas Break came and I was on a plane back home. On the plane, thoughts of my sister came flowing back to me, flooding my head with graphic fantasies. Her big round tits, that nice tight ass, and those gorgeous legs. I had to get up while flying over the over the Mississippi and jerk off in the plane bathroom.

I arrived at the airport and could not wait to see my family. When I came out of the tunnel there she was, my 18 year old sister. More beautiful then I even remembered. She was wearing a skintight white sweater that stopped right above her bellybutton. For pants, she was wearing a black pair of those spandex like material pants that you always see girls at nightclubs wear. Even though it was winter she was still tanned and toned. She was gorgeous, and was hysterically happy to see me. She began jumping up and down; exposing her tight abs and making her luscious tits bounce bounce almost hypnotically. She ran over grabbing me in a bear hug. I could feel her warm mounds pressing on my stomach. She then stood on her tows and planted a big kiss right on my lips. I was forced to push her away because my erection was coming back, and a big boner is no way to great your family.

" Where's Mom and Dad," I asked. "Mom's Aunt Edna had a slight stroke, so they drove upstate for the weekend to make sure she's all right," she replied. " That sucks," I said. " It will be just me and the hunky college guy hanging out this weekend," she joked. When I thought about it, she was right, it wasn't that bad.

It was about 9 P.M when we got back from the airport. I was pretty tired but she was still all excited about spending time with me. " Let's stay up and watch movies," she said, as we pulled into the driveway. " Did you rent some?" I asked. " No but Mom and Dad have some," she said with a coy smile. 

I immediately dropped my bags at the door and plopped my ass on the couch. "Make us some drinks and popcorn, lazybones, while I go change and get some movies," she said, as she ran up the stairs. I grabbed a few of Dad's beers for me, along with few whine coolers for her. I waited for the microwave popcorn and returned to the living room. She was taking forever, but before I called to her, I finally heard her come thumping down the stairs.

As I turned to ask her what took so long, my heart stopped. She was wearing a skin tight T-Shirt and a very small pair of black. Her panties formed downward into V under her belly button and had little red bow directly in the middle. They weren't quite as small as a thong but she looked sexy regardless. They went up into a thin band at the waste, then back into enough material to barely cover her gorgeous ass. She bounced across the room while I watched her braless tits stretch the thin material for all it was worth. I jokingly whistled and she just looked at me and winked. She was just drop dead gorgeous and she knew it. 

She got on all fours, since the VCR was beneath the T.V, and began to set up the movie. She was in a perfect doggie style position. Her ass was angled up into the air, her back was arched, and she was resting on her elbows. Her panties began to creep into her little ass crack, but she slowly reached behind her and pulled them out. She did it slowly enough that she pulled them from her ass and held them 2 inches from her ass. I was about 6 feet away, but I could easily make out her fuzzy little pussy.

She then hopped up, walked over, and plopped down beside me on the couch. She began to giggle, and before I could ask why, I found out. She had gotten into Mom and Dad's hidden Pornos. Like having her magnificent body next to me wasn't enough, now I had to suffer through these cock-hardening skin flicks. 

We laughed and poked fun at the movies for a while, but we eventually grew quiet. She lay there on the couch next to me. She was propped up on her elbow using my shoulder as a headrest. Her legs were sprawled out on the couch totally exposing her mound of warm pussy. Her fidgety behavior let me know that the movies were getting her very aroused. She kept rubbing her foot up and down her tanned leg while she rubbed her stomach just above her panty line. The more I watched her get aroused, the harder my dick became. Suddenly a sense of guilt caught me, and I grabbed the blanket off the back of the couch to cover my bulging hard-on.

"I'm cold," I told her. 

"Me too," she said, as she grabbed the other blanket and a pillow, and laid her head directly on my crotch. I was so horny, but I couldn't begin to think of how to go about seducing my own sister. We sat there in silence for about another hour until I eventually began to dose off.

I was almost asleep when Kristy began to shake me. " Are you awake," she said. But I just laid there and tried to recover from my jet lag, since watching her was more like punishment anyway. She continued to shake me for about another minute, but I laid still and faked he that I was snoring lightly.

She then did something unexpected. She quietly pulled the blanket off me exposing my lap. She said my name one more time and waited for a second. She then unzipped my jeans and pulled my cock out of my underwear. I could feel her hot breath on the head of my dick and it was driving me crazy. My dick grew hard in seconds, but I still acted as though I were sleeping and she was buying it, since I am such a heavy sleeper anyways. I opened my eye a slit and saw a remarkable sight. She was lying there analyzing my cock with one hand while she rubbed her pussy through her underwear with the other.

I finally reacted and sat up looking directly at her. She was obviously very embarrassed. She apologized and then begged me not to tell anyone. So I agreed not to tell anyone on the condition that I got to see her naked. "You don't want to see me naked, do you?" She replied.

"Of course I do, you have an awesome body," I told her. She was all smiles over my complement. She stood up and immediately slid out of her panties. Then she did a little tease with her shirt. She began to do a little dance as she slowly pulled it up over her head. Her tits were beautiful. They were two perfectly round, grapefruits sized melons that stayed perfectly in place. Her nipples were smaller then I expected. I thought that with tits her size, she would have dollar sized nipples but they were actually those cute little nipples that I had come accustomed to sucking on at college.

"So what do you think?" she asked. "You have the sexiest body I have ever seen," I replied. " Do you want to touch them?" she asked. I immediately stood up and grabbed both of her gorgeous tits. She looked up at me with her big blue eyes as we locked lips. I tried to take it slow but she was too excited. She drove her tongue into my mouth and grabbed my aching cock with both of her hands. She ferociously dropped my pants and began pulling off my shirt.

We were consumed with lust. I kept thinking to myself, I can't believe this is happening, but it was and there was no turning back. I spun her around, pushing her to the couch. She glared at me through her lustful eyes. " Fuck me now!!" she demanded. I knelt down in front of her and buried my face into her wer pussy. She screamed as though she was being tortured. She was going crazy, grabbing the hair on the side of my head and shoving my face into her pussy. She put her feet on my shoulders and kicked me back. "I said I wanted you to fuck me!!" she demanded. 

I stood up so that I was looking down upon her while she lied there with her legs spread, exposing her glistening pink pussy while she fingered herself. I braced myself by grabbing the headrest on the sofa. Without breaking any eye contact she grabbed my cock and lined it up with her awaiting pussy. As the head of my dick came into contact with her warm pussy, shivers shot down my spine. I slowly inserted my member, pumping it in and out savoring every last stroke. "Let's go upstairs," she said. So without pulling my dick out I picked her up off the couch as she wrapped her body around mine.

I carried her up the stairs with both of my hands gripping her ass along with my cock buried 9 inches into are sweet warm pussy. I brought her into our parent's room and fell backward on the bed, putting her on top of me. She was insane. She fucked me so hard that I could fell me hips beginning to bruise, but I loved it. She was tossing her head of blonde hair everywhere while she pulled at her nipples. I then jammed my fingers into her mouth. She erotically sucked on them while her eyes rolled into the back of her head.

She was beginning to cum. She bit down on my fingers causing the pain to shoot down through my arm. It hurt but it was turning me on unbelievably. "When she was finished cumming she quickly asked, "Do you want to cum?" 

"Of course," I said. She climbed off of me and took my cock into her mouth. She kept looking at me with a big smile on her face while she licked my cock. It took no time at all for me to cum. She licked my balls, my shaft, my head, then she took then she began to deep-throat me. She was fantastic, not even one scrape. When I began to cum she pulled my dick out of her mouth and began jacking me off with my dick pointed upwards. She watched in awe as I came all over my stomach and chest. When I finished she ran her hand through the cum then took her cum covered hand and licked it all off. God, you can only imagine how hot she looked. She then proceeded to lick it all off my leaving me without a drop of mess.

We spent the rest of the weekend acting as a couple. I cannot even count how many times I had an orgasm that weekend. She later decided to go to college with me when she graduated. We live together in a small apartment. We both keep relationships to cover up our true relationship, but we still have sex every moment we are alone. My next challenge will be to get her into bed with another girl and I.