 Summary: Wife-to-be ends up fuck-slut at her fiancé's bachelor party.

Note 1: This is a holiday 2014 contest story.

Note 2: Thanks to goamz86 and Robert for editing.

Note 3: A new edit was written and edited (by Tex Beethoven) in March 2018.

Note 4: Thanks to Ender27 who first came up with the idea in my Christmas stories idea thread. Also, Gift Box by Hypoxia also uses the same plot suggestion, which was released a couple weeks before my original version of this story came out, although you will see the stories are a lot different (yet also have some similarities as we both used a few of Ender27's ideas).

Note 5: Although there is a brief accidental incest interlude, this is mostly a group sex story.

Accidental Gangbang

It seemed like a good idea at the time... which is what I told my fiancé four hours later.

The wedding was in two weeks, on December 30th (a strange date I agree, but with lots of family coming from great distances, it was the best choice...plus leaving all the snow behind for Hawaii was a great honeymoon choice).

I had no doubt become bridezilla with all the problems and complications thrown at me the past month. I won't get into the details, but that old Murphy adage 'anything that can go wrong, will' had been proving itself nonstop right before my eyes. To make things worse (now I see in retrospect), I had decided our wedding night would be lots hotter if we both gave up sex after fucking each other's brains out on November 30, and not having any at all during December until we'd tied the knot. By this time our abstinence was really getting on my nerves, but I had been reluctant to back down since I'd made such a big deal about it when I had imposed it on my fiancé Dwayne.  My bitchiness in addition to our abstinence had taken its toll on Dwayne, and I'd decided to make it up to him.

I decided that tonight I would give myself to him completely, including my anal virginity, which I had adamantly refused him many times in the past. But now I had been prepping my ass for his smaller-than-most five-inch cock for the past week with three increasingly larger butt plugs.

I told him I was going to my maid-of-honour Amy's place for some more wedding planning, and would spend the night there. Instead I remained home and with Amy's help, I climbed inside a large box, naked except for some sexy lingerie and thigh highs (I mean really sexy lingerie, with cut-outs for my cunt, ass and tits), and then Amy wrapped the box to make it look like an elaborate Christmas gift, which it certainly was!

Amy had created a few holes for breathing and access, so I would have air to breathe and to give Dwayne access to my three pleasure holes and my breasts. 

As Amy was about to close me up inside the box, she asked, still surprised by this idea, which was so out of character for me, and more like something she would do, "Last chance. You still sure about this?"

I laughed, "I'm already in the box, plus he has been so incredibly patient with my going over to the dark side in addition to my cock-blocking him that he deserves a treat!"

"It is one kinky idea," Amy laughed. 

"Apparently you're finally wearing off on me," I quipped.

"You calling me a slut?" she asked, pretending to take offense.

"No, you're just a very liberal connoisseur of cock," I quipped.

"Bitch," she quipped, surprising me by sliding a finger inside the box and poking it at my pussy lips.

"Amy!" I gasped, helpless to stop her. She had tried to coax me into exploring the other side many times, but I had always rejected the temptation...women just never doing anything for me sexually. Although if I ever was going to 'munch cunt', as she so eloquently put it, she would be the perfect choice. She is a beautiful redhead who makes gay guys question their sexuality (she had actually fucked three gay guys).

She quipped, "I'm just playing with your box," as her finger parted my pussy lips and slid inside me.

The idea that I was about to get ass-fucked for the first time both had me incredibly excited, as prepping myself with three different butt plugs had been pleasantly arousing, but also nervous: would a real cock hurt? I involuntarily moaned at the surprise violation by my best friend: "Amyyy!!"

Pulling her finger out, she quipped, "Sorry, I couldn't resist." After a moment she added, "Damn, you taste yummy."

Her finger gone, I suddenly wished it was back, it being almost a month since Dwayne and I had fucked. Plus, hearing her tell me how good I tasted was both surreal and flattering. I quipped, "Be careful, I may make you my full service maid-of-honour."

"Challenge accepted," she quipped, before asking, "You sure you're comfortable in there?"

Although the box was long and thin it was tall enough for me to be on hands and knees, and I was relatively comfortable that way. "As long as he isn't an hour late getting home from work," I joked, Dwayne being a man of habit; he was never late.

"I'm going to write a little note for him," she added.

"What are you going to write?" I asked, knowing she was devious enough to write almost anything.

"That is for me to know and you to find out," she quipped, before adding, "literally."

Suddenly there was a door handle sound. "Shit, he's early," Amy gasped. "I'll sneak out the back."

"Kkkkk," I said, giddy with anticipation.

A few seconds later I heard the door open and him rustling around. Then I heard footsteps as he approached me.

I was full of giddy trepidation as his finger touched my pussy lips. I let out a soft moan, my pussy already wet from both the anticipation and Amy's brief tease.

The finger slowly parted my pussy lips, creating an involuntarily trembling. I was ready to be fucked.

Like Amy's, as quickly as the finger had begun teasing me, it was gone.

I expected him to either fuck me or unwrap the box, yet he went to the side hole and began cupping my breast, reaching for my stiff nipple and giving it a firm squeeze, again making me moan.

I wanted to scream 'fuck me already', but I also wanted him to enjoy this gift entirely, so I remained quiet and waited for the inevitable.

He again moved his hand away, before moving to the hole in front of my face and putting his fingers in my mouth.

I swirled my tongue around his fingers as if they were a cock, trying to entice him to replace his fingers with the real thing.

Frustratingly, he again withdrew his fingers and walked around, this time going to my ass.

He moved his finger between my ass cheeks before slowly poking it inside. I stiffened even though I'd thoroughly prepared for my ass's virgin voyage.

After briefly fingering my ass, the fingers again pulled out and returned to my cunt.

He tapped on my clit, making my whole body tremble, and my pussy leaked slightly as I wanted to scream, "Will you open your present already!?!?!"

Suddenly I heard the door open again. I instantly stiffened as the guy teasing my clit finally spoke and I realized it hadn't been my fiancé molesting me, but his best friend Joey, "Did you get the stripper?"

Footsteps coming closer, a voice, also not my fiancé's, answered, "No, Dwayne stressed no strippers, but Mike obviously ignored that."

Joey laughed, "Looks like Mike technically kept his word. I assume this isn't a stripper but a prostitute; look at the words above her ass.

The other guy laughed, "'Pick a hole', delicious!"

I gasped. So that's what Amy had written! And what were these guys doing here? Had Dwayne scheduled a bachelor party without telling me about it? I sure hoped he wasn't having it here!

The new guy probed my pussy lips as I tried to figure some way out of this predicament.

As he probed me, he asked, "What's the plan?"

"I thought we were going to the bar," Joey answered, "but now I'm not so sure."

"Think I can fuck her?" he asked, making my whole body tense up.

"Not sure, we should probably wait until Mike gets here," Joey replied.

"You're probably right, but fuck, she's soaked," he declared accurately.

I wasn't sure why I was so wet, my feelings right now were utter shame, yet my body was betraying my morals.

As I was fingered, the door opened again and Joey greeted, "Mike, this is a good one."

"What is?" Mike asked, as somebody's fingers left my cunt.

After a pause, Mike asked, "What's this?"

"This isn't your work?" Joey asked.

"Nope. Dwayne made it pretty clear, no strippers. That bitch wife-to-be already has him domesticated," Mike answered.

Was that what they thought of me? I mean I could definitely be a bitch, but I had no idea that was how Dwayne's friends basically saw me. And the other bad news: this was looking more and more like a bachelor party and what the hell was I going to do about it? Please, guys, go to the bar and have a blast!

"I know," Joey laughed, "his last chance ever to get any head will probably be tonight."

Joey was always a sweetheart around me, so hearing him diss me like this was very shocking. (Although men would be shocked too if they knew how women described them to each other.)

"Has she spoken?" Mike asked.

"No, she hasn't made a sound," Joey said.

Mike asked, "Hey, we won't open you until the groom arrives, but what's your name in there?"

I remained silent, knowing Joey for sure and likely Mike too would recognize my voice. No, my best plan of action was utter silence and praying they would leave for the bar without unwrapping my box.

"No speaking; well, let's feel what we have at least," Mike said, before putting his hand in the box and cupping my breasts. "Nice tits, erect nipples."

"This bitch is revved up and ready for action," the guy I didn't recognize commented.

Soon another hand was touching my cunt. I wanted to shout for them to stop, but I couldn't without revealing it was me. The only possible way out of this without total embarrassment was to remain silent and hope they did indeed leave for the bar. And, at this point, I'd already let three of my fiancé's friends fondle me...how would I explain that to him?

Other men arrived over the next twenty minutes, each of them fingering me, making crude comments and yet, of course, no one taking credit for arranging for my presence here.

I continued to hear comments like "I don't know... his fiancée seems like a bit of a prude... I heard that strippers would be off limits for this party...he might get really pissed once he gets here."

With each additional man touching me I felt more ashamed, more unable to come clean and get out, and surprisingly more wet and eager for the next man. I was being teased like crazy and desperately wanted to come.

Eventually, Dwayne arrived and didn't approach me, but just laughed when someone told him about 'the whore in the box' saying, "Feel free to play with the girl all you wish."

I couldn't believe he had just accidentally given all his friends permission to fondle his fiancée!

I was doubly horrified when they agreed to just stay there and drink, once Dwayne told them I wouldn't be coming home tonight.

The next hour was an eternity of teasing and humiliation. Men continually kept reaching into the box to play with my breasts, finger my pussy, and, occasionally, tease my ass.

So many things were said, like:"Who hired the hooker?" (a term that made me want to cry)"Can we fuck her?" (Which had me trembling with guilt, yet also excitement)"Fuck, is she soaking wet." (Which also had me mortified with guilt, and more excitement)"Even her ass is begging for it." (Ironically true, but not with these guys)"Nice firm rack." (Which was flattering. considering my boobs were hanging down Ike a sow's)

Dwayne admitted, after a couple of drinks, and under pressure to unwrap the present, "Guys, if I went there Clarissa would kill me."

I was relieved to hear he was going to remain faithful to me, although my relief was short-lived as he increased the stakes offhandedly, "But so long as she doesn't object, you guys can use her however you wish."

Terrified of the idea of objecting and thereby outing myself, I knew I wouldn't say a word no matter what they did to me! So I endured (and honestly, enjoyed) a few more minutes of being groped, fondled and fingered, both my pussy and ass defiled as the drinking continued, and as the night went on, the violations became rougher.

Then the inevitable happened. I reached orgasm when someone pumped three fingers in me aggressively. I fought to not cum, but an hour of constant probing had been too much and I clenched my teeth so as not to scream out loud and give away my identity.

Unfortunately, once I reach orgasm I can come again and again, and that's what I did!

A minute later the fingers turned into a fist inside me and I could barely hold back from screaming as my cunt was widened unnaturally. Although there was a slight burn, the pleasure was intense and I knew I was in for a long night of humiliating ecstasy...feeling like a cheap slut and loving every minute of it!

Suddenly the hole in the front of the box darkened as a hard cock was poked into my cheek. As the hand continued fisting me, I opened my mouth and the cock slid in and I began sucking.

"The slut is sucking me," my fellatio recipient declared and soon I felt the fist pull out of my cunt to be replaced by a cock. A very big cock! Soon I was bouncing back and forth like a rocking horse, taking unidentified cock in both ends. Although the act was so slutty, especially with my fiancé somewhere in the room, it was also exhilarating, easily the most sexually satisfying moment of my life.

In only a couple of minutes, the guy fucking my mouth shot a load down my throat. As soon as he finished coming, he pulled out and another cock replaced his. "Get sucking, slut," Joey's voice demanded.

I had no choice but to suck Joey's cock. His was not long, but he was thick, and widened my lips.

Meanwhile I kept bouncing back on the cock in my cunt, wanting to cum again, yet at the same time fearful of the probability that this unknown cock would come inside me. My fear was made a reality a minute later when I heard a grunt and felt my cunt walls coated in cum. I always loved the feeling of cum filling my cunt, but not knowing whose it was, plus having an unprotected womb, got my adrenalin surging and twistedly brought me to another orgasm even as it shamed me.

"Fuck, is her cunt tight," my ejaculator praised me as he pulled out.

"Let me take a go at that," someone else said and my cunt was filled again.

This crazy accidental gangbang continued for another half an hour as I swallowed a half dozen loads of cum and felt a similar amount fill my well-fucked cunt, including about the same number of orgasms for myself.

Finally, my body aching, cum leaking out of my cunt, both my holes were finally empty. I thought I was done, but then things got even crazier! I heard my future father-in law's voice saying to someone, "Well, I have to admit my wife hasn't given me head in years."

A few guys pressured him to go for it; "It's not cheating if it's something your wife doesn't do," one guy said.

"Yeah, just shove it in there," another added.

"What the hell, why not?" my father-in-law agreed, and soon my mouth was again full of cock, this one belonging to a future relative. As I began sucking on his cock, my father-in-law-to-be called out, "James, come over here and fuck this slut's cunt."

My eyes went wide as I heard James, who wasn't some future relative but my own father joking, "That would be the ultimate father-in-law bonding."

"What happens at the stag stays at the stag," Dwayne's father quipped, as I felt a cock slide inside my cunt.

I prayed it wasn't my father, but my prayers weren't answered as I heard him, his voice now right above me, say, "Shit, this is the first fresh cunt I've had in thirty years."

I couldn't believe it! I was getting fucked by my father! I also couldn't believe that even though I was mortified by the reality of it, my cunt was heating up again, the taboo of this act somehow turning me on. My body, acting on its own, began bouncing back to meet the strokes of my father's surprisingly long cock before deep-throating my father-in-law's much smaller cock.

Deciding to ignore whose cocks I had in me, I focused on the task at hand, getting them to come. My dad shocked me, being the first person to speak directly to me throughout the evening since someone had asked my name at the very start, as after a couple minutes of fucking he ordered me authoritatively, like he often spoke to me as a father, "Beg for my cock, slut."

I couldn't believe my father would say such words to anyone ever! Yet I also couldn't believe he would fuck a stranger in a box. Yet I knew I didn't dare speak, couldn't reveal my identity, since the only shred of dignity remaining in my weary soul was my secret identity being protected by this fragile cardboard box.

"The slut has a mouthful of cock," my father-in-law quipped.

My father laughed, "I guess that's true."

I got a brief reprieve as I continued to willingly submit to this act of incest. Another orgasm was undeniably rising in me as I bounced back on my dad's big cock, wishing the box wasn't in the way, yet thankful it was hiding my identity. What would he say if he knew he was fucking his daughter? What would Dwayne say if he knew I was not only sucking off his father, but fucking my own? The whole ordeal was fucked up, yet I couldn't deny the ultimate pleasure that was coursing through me.

"God, I forgot how great it was to get a blow job!" my father-in-law moaned.

Dwayne, who had been quiet for a long time, quipped, "Clarissa can give one hell of a blow job."

I would usually be mortified by such words about me, yet at the moment I thought, damn right! as I prepared to take yet another load down my throat.

"Your mother-in-law has a vacuum mouth too," my father grunted, as he kept fucking me.

"Like mother, like daughter," someone else quipped.

I couldn't believe the crudity of this conversation as I heard my father-in-law grunt and brag to me, "Here comes my load, slut."

I kept bobbing, all shame gone by now so long as I could remain anonymous, eager to swallow another load of cum.

"Mine too," my father grunted, as within seconds of each other they both deposited loads of cum in my two well-fucked holes.

Once they both pulled out, my father said, "Go ahead Dwayne, fuck this slut's ass, it's been waiting for you all night."

I couldn't believe my own father was telling my fiancé to cheat on me!

"I don't know," Dwayne said, "Clarissa would kill me."

"What she doesn't know won't hurt her," his father added.

"Still, I would know," Dwayne countered.

"Well, at least unwrap the present and let's take a look at what we've been fucking," someone else said. That comment really pissed me off as the ultimate in objectification! I wasn't even a 'who', I was just a 'what'!

"I guess we could do that," Dwayne agreed, my whole body stiffening as I realized everyone was about to discover who had been in the box fucking and sucking them.

"It's the least you can do," Mike quipped, "someone obviously went to a lot of work setting this up for you, even though they won't take credit for it."

"Probably doesn't want to be on my daughter's shit list: she can be quite a bitch," my father said.

It's crazy how one day can forever change who you are. Everyone who'd mentioned me tonight had made it clear they thought I was a cold bitch, and yet tonight I'd been anything but! Part of me longed to be unwrapped so they could all see I wasn't not some ice queen, yet a smarter side of me knew that was a terrible idea.
