 I was staring at her now, watching as she peeled down her shorts, slowly exposing her gorgeous ass. Her naughty bits were concealed by a conservative bikini. Her shirt was already in the pile of clothes at her side, and her big tits were being held snugly by her elastic top. I was lounging at her side in my patio chair, sipping on a margarita by our pool.

My wife, Anna, is a beautiful specimen of a woman. She has dark flowing hair, grayish-green eyes, and a soft feminine face. Her body is curvy, like a classic pin-up girl from the 50's. She has large natural breasts, a trim tummy, and a plump ass that I lust over daily. The sight of her gorgeous tits and ass bouncing around our home never fails to excite me. 

Despite the fact that she is brimming with physical sexuality, my wife is rather shy by nature. Anna's reserved disposition is a product of her development. She didn't really come into her own, physically, until college. She has told me many stories about her ugly duckling years, which seemingly lasted through most of middle and high school. Looking at her now, however, it would seem impossible that she ever suffered through such a phase. Anna's a bonafide sexpot, and earns lust-filled stares nearly everywhere she goes. It's actually grown to frustrate me. I'm married to such a beautiful woman, yet she refuses to acknowledge just how attractive she actually is. 

My name is Timothy Wilson. Anna and I are both in our early twenties. I work in finance for a trading company downtown and Anna teaches at a local elementary school. We met during our senior year of University, and quickly fell in love. Our wedding ceremony actually took place only a few short weeks after our graduation. Things we tough going at first but luckily we had recently purchased our first home in an up and coming neighborhood just outside of Denver. The house itself was small, but it was newly constructed, and even though the other houses in the neighborhood shared similar cookie cutter layouts, we were still proud of it. 

A splash of water quickly brought me out of my daze, as Anna dove into the pool. She gracefully swam under the surface for a time, eventually arising at the other end. 

I stood, placing my margarita on the table. I quickly removed my shirt. 

I'm of rather average build, standing at 5'-9" in height, and around 170 pounds in weight. I'm not especially muscular, but i'm not exactly a twig either. I hopped into the water with less grace than my wife, causing a splash and a subsequent giggle from Anna. We embraced, kissing each other as our wet faces gently collided in affection. 

"I don't want to work tomorrow." she pouted. Her pretty lips looked tantalizing covered in the delicate droplets of water. 

Our Sunday had been lovely so far, but the afternoon was quickly coming to a close. 

I kissed her again, "Me neither babe." 

"Lets both call in, take a day to ourselves." 

I smirked in bemusement, "You know I can't tomorrow..." 

Before Anna had a chance to argue a voice shouted out from across the yard. 

"Oh, hey there folks!" 

It was Bob Stevens, our neighbor. He's an older gentleman, about 50 years of age. He's also rather large, looming at around 6'-3" and carrying a thick frame. He was probably close to 230 pounds, not all muscle, but definitely in good shape for a man of his age. He was friendly, seemingly harmless, and ten years widowed. His wife had died from a rare illness, which was - in our short time knowing him - something that was clearly hard for him to talk about. He lived alone in the house next door, and we had struck up a good neighborly friendship with him since we had moved in. 

Whereas every other house in the neighborhood was separated by a physical fence - for some reason our homes were separated only by a distinct change in the cut of the grass. Bob had retired early, apparently with more than enough money to do so. He was seemingly always working on his home, and his lawn condition was impeccable. The transition from our yard to his was a testament to that. 

"Hey Bob, how goes it?" I replied. Anna slunk below the water instinctively, thinking that she was more scantily clad than she actually was. 

He strolled over smiling, shears in hand, wiping sweat from his brow. His large frame interrupted the light of the afternoon sun. 

"Oh you know Tim, just tending to this never ending mess of a yard." he paused, looking down at Anna and me. "You two sure do enjoy that pool, last couple that lived here never used it. Seems every time I look over you guys are taking a dip." 

He wasn't wrong, we did enjoy ourselves some time in the water. "Just getting our moneys worth." I replied, smiling. "Fancy a margarita? We appear to have made way too much." 

He shook his head, "I'd hate to intrude, already rudely interrupted by walking over here." 

"Nonsense." I insisted "Anna babe, fetch him one if you would." I patted her ass underneath the water. 

She smiled, slightly blushing, "Of course." 

Anna slowly walked up the stairs and out of the pool, water cascaded off her large breasts as she strode. Her bikini was a conservative one, but it was still hot pink, and still a two piece bathing suit. Bob obviously hadn't seen that much of my wife's body until that moment, and I couldn't help but feel a strange pang of pride over showing her off to our older neighbor. 

Bob was polite, but it was also clear he liked what he saw. He hadn't been shy about giving Anna a stare down or two since we moved in, again, nearly every man who comes into contact with her does. He deftly looked her up and down as she handed off the drink to him. "There you are." she offered, sweetly. 

"Thank you miss." Bob tried to avoid gawking as he graciously accepted the drink. 

Anna rejoined me in the pool and Bob managed a seat on one of the deck chairs. We drank and conversed for a while longer, but Bob eventually said his goodbyes, and we soon tidied up and headed inside for the day. 

Later that evening Anna and I were making love. I was thrusting into her doggy style, watching as her juicy ass engulfed the sight of my six inches. She was moaning softly as she took me. My mind wandered back to the afternoon, and I chuckled internally, wondering what Bob would think if he could see her now. 

That same thought caused a brief moment of panic, as I looked to my right in a hurry. I wanted to make sure our bedroom curtain was closed. Our one hiccup in purchasing the home was the expansive master bedroom window, which looked out into a small side yard and then into... Bobs master bedroom window. The homes were mirrored, and essentially on top of each other. It seemed like odd design, and in a few short weeks we had already exchanged a handful of awkward waves with Bob - who was seemingly unconcerned with his own privacy. The proximity was a problem even beyond the visibility. I was certain that if Anna moaned too loudly he would easily be able to hear her. 

I shook the thought from my mind and continued to plow my wife. My orgasm caught me by surprise, and I erupted, spurting my load into her welcoming pussy. Anna gently whined as I came inside of her. I could quite often bring her to an orgasm during sex, but unfortunately, I didn't have it in me on this night. 

After our shower we laid in bed together prepping for slumber. The memory from the afternoon popped into my mind again and in a restless moment I blurted, "Did you notice Bob checking you out today?" 

Anna sighed, "You always think people are checking me out." 

I laughed, "That's because they are. Especially our neighbor over there." 

I saw her blush, "I guess... a little." 

I continued, "The poor guy probably doesn't get much action. I guess I can't blame him for staring." 

Anna slapped me playfully on the shoulder. "Pervert." she said, jokingly. 

A few weeks went by and nothing more was said of Bobs leering. We had run into him a handful of times and each time he was friendly and welcoming. He even offered to help me pave our driveway coming up, which I accepted. 

Things took a strange and erotic turn when Bob accidentally caught a glimpse of Anna, in a compromising position. 

My wife has incredible tits. They are Double Ds, natural, bouncy, and without an inch of sag. They belong on a porn star, or an exotic beauty - not a housewife. 

I was eating breakfast one weekday morning when suddenly she came running down the stairs, shrieking. She was red faced and angry. "Tim! Why did you leave the curtains open!? The towels are in the dryer and I walked out of the bathroom naked!"

I wasn't immediately sure as to why she was so furious, "Okay... and...?" 

"Bob was right there! He was staring right at me!" 

I nearly choked on my toast, coughing out a reply "Oh shit. I opened them to check the weather, I'm picking up that client from the airport today. I'm sorry babe." 

She was unconvinced, still yelling, "Well I hope your happy! Our neighbor just got a good look at your naked wife!" 

I couldn't help it, and laughed. It was harmless Bob, and part of me was enthused by my wife accidentally teasing the old man with her goods. "What's the big deal? I'm sure you made his day, hell, you probably made his year! Bob's harmless!" 

She looked appalled, "I'm so happy this isn't a big deal to you! You're unbelievable!" She stormed off, back upstairs. 

As I was leaving for work I ran into a red faced Bob, standing by my car. 

He was stuttering, "H-Hey Tim. Look, I'm really sorry, I just glanced over and... I heard her scream, and..." 

I stopped him, chuckling in resignation "Bob, look - it was an accident. It's no big deal." 

He breathed a noticeable sigh of relief, probably having no idea how I would react to the situation. I continued, "Nothing you haven't seen before." and I gave him a pat on the back. 

He chuckled, scratching the back of his head in embarrassment. "Jeez Tim, thanks... I hope you don't mind me saying, but you're a very lucky man." he blushed as he spoke, perhaps thinking that he was digging a deeper hole for himself. 

The comment caught me by surprise, but also inexplicably, it excited me. There was something arousing about hearing him come out and admit to finding her attractive, especially after just seeing her naked. I mean, it was one thing to suspect it, it was an entirely different thing to hear it.

I replied, with a smirk, "Thanks. I know."

If it was anyone else, the comment might have angered me. But for some reason, coming out of Bobs mouth, I took it in stride.

I beat Anna home from work that night, and prepared a surprise dinner for her as a sort of make shift apology. I wasn't really sorry, I was more amused, and if anything - strangely proud. 

She walked in the front door looking tired, but as beautiful as ever. At first she avoided talking to me, but her wall eventually came down. 

"Sorry I yelled so much earlier, I know it was an accident." she admitted, " - I just felt... naked." 

I chuckled, "Well... you were." 

We ate in silence for a minute, and I told her, "I saw Bob as I left for work this morning." 

She immediately blushed, "Oh God. I don't know how I'll be able to look at him again." 

"Its not a big deal babe, c'mon." I tried to downplay the entire thing. I paused, continuing. "He actually told me that I'm a very lucky man." I glanced up at her as I said it, curious to her reaction.

She gasped, "He didn't!" 

I nodded, "He did. He said you have an unbelievably beautiful body, and that you should be very proud of it." I added the last part. It was a white lie, but it was also completely true, even if he didn't say it exactly that way.

"What did you say!?" she nearly screamed the question at me. 

I smiled, "I told him I know, I am a very lucky man." 

She blushed, but this time it wasn't purely of embarrassment. There was a look on her face. It was the first time in years that she had heard another man openly compliment her naked body, a man other than me. There was a hint of excitement present in her shade of red. 

Minutes later we were naked in our bed, fucking like animals. Her pussy was as wet as I had felt it in a long time, and I was rock solid. I couldn't help but probe the reasoning, I clutched her massive tits as she rode me cowgirl, inciting her with my questioning. "Damn baby, you're wet as fuck." 

She moaned, arching her head back and grabbing my shoulders. 

I couldn't help myself, and teased her, "Maybe we should let Bob get a look at your tits everyday." 

She slapped my chest, "Stop it." Her tone was serious, but she didn't mean it, her teeth grit and she moaned through her words. 

"What? I'm sure he'd love to get another look at these gorgeous things." I squeezed them again, pinching her nipples, a sensation that she loved. 

She moaned loudly, grinding into me. Her pussy gushed, as she clamped down on my dick, cumming. 

Her groan was loud enough to wake the neighborhood, and it caused my own orgasm to burst, as I came inside of her. Moments later we both slowly drifted off to sleep, without another mention of it.

A few days had passed and the weekend approached. I woke up late on Saturday and was groggily pouring myself some cereal when I looked out the window. To my surprise I saw Anna and Bob conversing. My wife looked to be planting some herbs in our garden, and Bob looked to be assisting her. She was dressed conservatively, but something stirred inside me at the sight of them interacting. Bob had seen her stark naked just days earlier, and here they were casually discussing botany. 

Anna eventually came inside, a light sheen of morning sweat glistened on her skin. 

I wasted no time, "I thought you were never gonna be able to speak to him again." I offered, with complete sarcasm. 

She blushed. 

I prodded, "Well? Was it awkward?" 

"Yes! At first." She seemed nervous to be discussing it. 

"What did he say?" 

She fidgeted as she spoke, her blush not leaving her face, "Nothing, I don't know. He just came over and offered me help with the plants..." 

She went to the cabinet for a glass and some water. Clearly feeling awkward. She continued. 

"He apologized, but I told him it was my fault." She blushed deeper. "He jokingly told me if he could wake up to that every morning he'd finally be able to quit drinking coffee." 

I couldn't help but laugh. "See! Nothing to worry about. What did you say to that?" 

"N-Nothing, I guess I just laughed I think, I don't know. That was the end of the conversation." 

We sat in silence for a moment, and she continued, "You know, I'm surprised you aren't more jealous about this." 

I sighed, "Babe, it's Bob. Hes not an asshole, he doesn't have an agenda. He's our harmless older neighbor." I teased her more, "And it's not my fault you decided to flash him."

She called me on my bluff, "You know what I think!... I think you enjoy this. I think you like that I flashed him!" 

I was caught off guard, but only for a moment, "I get a kick out of seeing you riled up, is all." I thought hard on my next comment, but said it regardless, "You know what I think? I think a part of you enjoyed teasing him." 

"Tim!" 

"Oh stop it Anna, it's not a big deal. I've been telling you for years to show off more of your body, you're a beautiful woman. I'm kind of glad you finally got caught." 

"You're unbelievable! I can't believe I married such a perv." 

I laughed, grabbing her by the waist and pulling her into my lap. "Stop being dramatic, and give me a kiss." She reciprocated, and I couldn't help but notice that she didn't deny it. 

Another week went by without event, and we soon found ourselves enjoying another lazy Sunday. Anna and I had gone out with some friends for an early brunch, and we each enjoyed one too many mimosas. 

We were back at home, frisky, rather tipsy, and pawing at each other on our couch. 

Anna whined, "I want to go in the pool." 

"So let's go in the pool." I replied. 

She giggled and skipped upstairs to change, returning in her pink bikini. 

"Not so fast." I spoke, the alcohol getting the best of me, continuing. "You never wear the bikini I got you on our Cabo trip, that thing was expensive and it gets no use." 

Her face flashed red, but she said nothing. We regarded each other for a moment, and she slowly turned and went upstairs. 

She came back down, nervous. Her beautiful tits were barely concealed by an incredibly thin black fabric, she spun around and her ass completely engulfed the G string. It almost looked like she was wearing nothing at all. It was perfect. 

She clearly wasn't in agreement. "I can't go out in this." 

"Yes you can, its a bikini, they are made specifically for people to wear, outside." 

If she hadn't already had a few drinks, she probably never would have agreed. But I looked on as she opened the sliding glass door to head outside. She scurried across the deck and jumped in the pool in a hurry. 

I went upstairs to quickly change, and when I arrived on our patio I noticed that Bob had made yet another appearance, and was already conversing with Anna. The refraction of the water obviously did a decent job of concealing just how much of her skin was on display, but at the same time, it was pretty clear she wasn't wearing much. There was a distinct look of regret on her face. 

Bob greeted me as I walked over, "Hey there Tim. I was asking Anna if she wanted one of my famous Moscow Mules. She mentioned that you guys had broken the alcohol seal a bit early this morning." 

I chuckled, nodding in agreement, "You know Bob. I don't want you to get the wrong impression. We aren't really heavy drinkers, but for whatever reason lately, on Sundays - we go nuts." 

He laughed, "Sunday fun days is what you kids call it, right? I hear my niece say that all the time." 

"Yeah, I guess so." I smiled, throwing caution to the wind. "I suppose I'll take you up on that offer. Anna?" 

She shrugged her shoulders, smiling. "Sunday fun day." she said in agreement. 

"Great." Bob seemed enthused that he was going to be able to share it with us, "Just need a little help in the kitchen carrying the liquor. Do you mind, Tim?" 

Not sure what made me decide to throw this curve ball into the mix, but I did. "Shit. You know, I just remembered I had to send a client a quick document. Babe, why don't you help Bob out, I'll be right back." 

I avoided looking directly at Anna, but I could see her death stare out of the corner of my eye. Without another word, I walked back inside. I quickly found my cell phone and pretended like I was typing away, walking toward the window for a view. I was smiling like an idiot in anticipation. 

The window was ajar and it was easy to hear outside on the patio. I watched as Anna nervously walked out of the water, her beautiful ass on full display. The nipples on her big titties nearly edging around the fabric of her top as they bounced. Bob's eyes darted wide when he got a clear look at what she was wearing, but he recovered with poise. "Well... That sure is a beautiful suit." I heard him say.

Anna blushed, stuttering in reply. I watched as she quickly dried herself with a deck towel. "T-Thanks Bob. Tim made me wear it." 

They began walking across the yard towards Bobs sliding door. "Well, he certainly has good taste.", I saw him smirk after the comment.

I looked on with strange excitement, watching as my wife's ass bounced back and forth, seemingly nude - as she disappeared into our neighbors house. 

I got a view out of our kitchen window and into his. Anna was moving around the room, helping Bob pick up glasses and mix the vodka. She looked divine. I could no longer hear what was being said, but Anna and Bob began to laugh. I couldn't believe what I was seeing, my half naked wife was casually strolling around our neighbors kitchen. It was such an exciting sight, and it surprised me to realize just how much I enjoyed witnessing it. 
