 My 18-year-old sister Megan came bounding into the kitchen wearing her black bikini. I had little time to react before she jumped up and wrapped her arms and legs around me. She squealed loudly in my ear and I had to grab onto the counter to keep from falling over.

"I'm sooooo happy to see you big brother! It's been so long!"

"Uh, good to see you too Meg. Mind if I catch my breath?"

"Oh sure!" she smiled and unwrapped her lithe body from my frame.

I turned back to the counter and grabbed the wooden spoon I had been using to stir the iced tea. I had come home early for summer vacation and had busied myself with something to drink. Megan had apparently been out back to the pool catching some rays.

"Where's mom and dad?" I asked, sipping the tea.

"Pour me a glass! They went up to the casino for the weekend. We thought you wouldn't be home until Monday?"

"Those were the plans, but Craig got called to work with his dad and so our final bash was canceled. Guess I'll just have to find something fun to do here instead."

I smiled and drank some tea. Megan sat at the table and began to flip through some magazine of hers. I took the time to lean back and admire my baby sister. Megan is about 5'6" and from the looks of it, had lost some of her baby fat and turned it into a toned body. Obviously she's been tanning, and I gazed at her long tan legs up to her flat tummy, then across—my god!—her breasts! It seemed Megan was just a sweet little girl when I left for college two years ago, and now she was all grown up, complete with a beautiful set of tits. The bikini top showed just the right amount of cleavage. From there her neck and shoulders smoothed out. She looked up at me just then with deep brown eyes and smiled. Dimples showed on her cheeks, and her short brown hair framed her face perfectly.

"Can I help you with something?" she smirked.

"Wow. No, it's just that I haven't seen you in two years. I wasn't expecting this."

"Expecting what? I'm 18 now you know. And you promised you would make it home for my birthday that weekend!"

She now stood and bounced over to me again, this time wrapping her arms around my neck and laying her head against my chest. 

"I was so bummed that you missed out on my becoming an adult. You owe me, Jason."

"I'm sorry," I said, taking the time to stroke her hair. "Really Meg, I wanted to come up for the big day, but I couldn't find the time between midterms. But now we've got the whole summer and I'm sure we can celebrate. I'll take you out to eat or something, just me and you."

"Really?" she looked up into my face, and that's when I felt the first pang in my heart. It was almost a physical reaction, making eye contact with her and feeling something more than just "brotherly love". I had the insane urge right there to just lean down and kiss those lovely lips of hers. 

"You bet. We can hit Chucky Cheeze and play some skee-ball. You're still in the birthday club, right sis?"

"Shut up!" She stepped back and hit me on the shoulder. "I love that place! But I want something more than that from you! I know you can do better."

"Can do. Right now though, I think I might find my trunks and relax a bit in the pool. Hey, has the hot tub been cleaned up recently."

"Oh yeah!" her eyes lit up and she smiled that knee-shaking smile again. "Jessie and Christy and a bunch of other girls really put it to the test on my birthday. See what you missed out on? I know Jessie was looking for ya."

Jessie, was Jessica Walker, Megan's childhood friend who's had a crush on me ever since we were kids. As much as I can remember, she was a thin, tall blonde with straight blonde hair, freckles, and emerald green eyes. 

"Yeah? Maybe we can party together again." I smiled devilishly.

Megan just shook her head and headed back out the sliding door. "Hurry up and change, I'll meet you in the pool."

I nodded and finished my tea, setting the empty glass in the sink. I walked out through the living room and down past the guest bedroom to my room. I looked inside and sighed. All my bags were still unpacked and tossed on my bed. All of my old posters still hung on the walls, and I finally felt like I was home again. I searched and found my blue swimming trunks and tugged off my clothes. I stopped for a moment to look in my full-length mirror. I stood 6'2", had light brown hair and blue eyes. During my time away at college, I had taken to regular workouts, and now sported a nice six-pack. My pecs still left something to be desired, but my arms were strong and I didn't have much of a problem with the ladies. My last girlfriend Jennifer had dumped me after an 8-month relationship, and right now I didn't feel like dragging my ass through another one, especially now that it was summer.

Stepping out onto our deck, I spotted Megan relaxing in a beach chair, sunglasses covering her eyes. I once again was stunned by her development. She now had a thin sweat sheen on her body, causing all the highlights to glint in the sun. Her long legs, her cute tummy, and then her chest, which was by far one of the best I had seen in a long time. Her iced tea was set down next to her, and I sneaked up and poured the contents on her stomach.

"Hey!" she screamed, then saw me laughing as I cannonballed into the pool. The water felt cool and refreshing, and I came up laughing. I looked at the chair to see it was empty…and suddenly someone jumped on my back and tried to dunk me! Megan had her arms laced around my head and her legs tightly wrapped around my torso. I reached back in defense and grabbed her ass. She squealed and covered my eyes, so I started pinching and grabbing in an effort to get her off (figuratively!) She squirmed and giggled, and once again I was reminded of all the times my baby sis and I had fought and played and wrestled and yelled and laughed together. I suddenly became very homesick and stopped struggling. She plopped me under, and I came back up in her arms.

We were standing in a shallower end of the pool, and I stood in the chest-deep water with her snug up against me.

She looked into my eyes then and asked, "Surrender?"

"To you? I do."

As soon as I spoke those words, she leaned forward and kissed me firmly on the mouth. I was shocked! Her eyes were closed and she continued to kiss me. I then did something that shocked me more; I began to return her kiss. She began to whimper and moan as I closed my eyes and our lips met. I then felt her tongue brush against my lips, and I opened my mouth and immediately her tongue snaked in and began to explore mine. I let her tongue play around a bit, then mine started to give back, and soon mine was deep into her mouth. She began to breathe heavily—pant, actually—and broke the kiss then held me tight.

"Oh God Jason, I've missed you so much. I really wanted you here on my birthday."

"I'm here now." Was all I could whisper back.

She clung tightly to me, her arms around my shoulders. My own hands slowly found their way to her ass, and they just rested there at first. She raised up at the contact and began to kiss along my neck.

No girlfriend for months, no sex, no action besides my hand and some porn flicks, and now my gorgeous sister was kissing me while I held onto her ass! This was so much for me to grasp that my mind couldn't, but my body did. I immediately sported and erection that wedged itself between our two bodies. Megan felt it sticking up and out from my trunks and moan again, sliding her body up and down against mine.

"Meg-" I began, and she reared up and wildly began soul-kissing me.

Right then I lost all reserved and squeezed her ass tightly, hearing her squeal again inside of my mouth. My hands roamed all over he firm ass globes, and she flexed her thighs, nearly squeezing the breath out of me. Once, my hand brushed a little lower between her ass crack and she jerked in my arms as I hit a sensitive spot. Our motions slowed but our hearts didn't, as I tentatively returned to that spot again. She jumped again, then pushed back down onto my hand. I followed her lead and stroked my fingers along her ass crack, down to her sweet, sweet pussy. I rubbed along her slit until she gasped and raised her head. 

"Jason, take me inside right now. Jason I want you so bad, I've wanted you so bad for so long. Please, take me inside with you, I need to be with you now."

I said nothing and walked with her in my arms to the side of the pool. I set her on the edge and hoisted myself up out of the water. As I did, her hands ran along my rippled stomach and snagged onto the waistband of my trunks. I froze as her eyes locked onto the protruding bulge of my trunks. I held myself up and her fingers lightly danced across my navel, and she looked up at me with questioning eyes. I felt my heart melt again looking in her eyes, and wondered why I had never loved my sister this way. I've loved her so many ways, but now there was this.

"Come inside." My voice was hoarse with emotion and I filled my hand with hers. 

We walked back through the doors and she took over the lead, taking me into her room. I now stood by her dresser, my wet trunks plastered against my thighs. My erection had started to droop as the consequences of what was about to happen hit me. I could see uncertainty in her eyes as well, and I said, "Meg, what's going on here? What are we doing?"

Megan sat on the edge of the bed and I sat down on the floor. 

"Jason, I—I don't know. All I know is that I've had such strong sexual feelings for you since I was 15. Now I'm 18, you're 22…we're both adults…when I saw you in the kitchen standing there, my heart just leapt into my chest I was so happy to see you."

"Meg, I'm happy to see you too. God, I haven't seen you in two years! I came back expecting to see my cute little Meg with her big brown eyes and silky hair. Instead I was blown away to see such a sexy, grown woman in my own kitchen! Meg, you've grown up so much, you're so beautiful…"

She was blushing furiously now, and lowered her head.

"Jason, f-for my birthday I wanted to…well, well I thought you m-might be here and…"

"Meg, God I am so sorry I missed—"

"Jason, I'm a virgin. I want you to be my first." She blurted.

My eyes nearly popped out of my sockets as I sat there on the floor looking at this amazing creature.

"Meg, are you serious?"

"There's been boys, Jason, boys that I have been with in other ways. I've given handjobs and blowjobs, and they've gotten me off too, but those were boys Jason, and I didn't love them. N-not the way I love you, Jace, I've saved myself because I love you and I want you. Jace, I'm so sorry."

Right before me she just crumbled and tears spilled down her cheeks.

"Meg!" I jumped up and ran her hair back, trying to look into her eyes.

"I know you must hate me now! I feel so stupid, I just thought that if I loved you so much and you loved me we could just be together! Like a man and a woman and we could make love, not just have sex. Ohhhh, Jason I feel so stupid."

"Meg, you are not stupid, you wanted trust and love…and I have both of those for you. I've loved you as a brother all of my life…can I love you as a man?"

Megan wiped her eyes and looked up at me. "Do you mean it?"

"Megan, I love you more than anything, and I would do anything for you."

We closed in together and slowly, our lips met. She shuddered and I reached a hand up to her neck. We sat there on her bed, brother and sister, kissing deeply and lost in the moment. I began to kiss along her neck, and she reached up and pulled aside the strap of her bikini top. I kissed along her shoulder and down her arm. I raised my head and she unhooked the top, slowly pulling it away to reveal her breasts. A small gasp escaped my lips as she arched her back and grabbed my neck, lowering my mouth to her nipple. Just before I reached it, I breathed in deeply, smelling the suntan-lotion, sweat, and chlorine mixed with her skin. It's a smell I'll never forget to this day.

My lips encircled her left nipple, and she gasped out loud and held me tightly as I began to suck. I licked and nibbled and rolled her nipple until it stood out predominately on it's own. My right hand came up and filled itself with her heaving breast. I slid it along the entire breast, under, around, on top, over the nipple. She moaned and tilted her head back in ecstasy. Quickly I filled my mouth with her right tit, my sister's own tit, sucking in as much flesh of her breast as I could. I loved the sensation, the feeling, and then I got another as he searching hands grasped onto my cock. Her right hand pulled back the elastic waist and her left dove instantly inside, grasping the shaft. 

It was my turn to squirm, as he mashed her lips onto mine and pulled on my cock. I moaned back into her mouth as she tugged on the meat. I decided it was time for action. I pulled her hands away and she looked up at me.

"Lay down. I'll take over from here."

She lay back on her mattress, her breasts jiggling with each breath. I took in the glorious sight and peeled the wet trunks off. She simply stared at my straining cock, my balls now dangling loosely. Megan was mesmerized and traced my 8 inches with her eyes. The veins stood out and pre-cum now topped the tip.

"Oh Jason, it's beautiful."

I blushed now at her comment, and she smiled up at me.

"Jace, it is. I want you to make love to me."

"In due time. I want you to remember this."

I leaned down over her body and licked along her nipples once gain. I slowly dragged my tongue down her stomach and tickled her sides. She giggled and I laughed too. My sweet baby sis, still so ticklish. My sweet baby sis, who I was about to make love to.

My hands grabbed onto her wet bikini bottoms, and I tugged at them as she raised her hips. I rolled the bottoms down and off her sexy tanned legs, my eyes locked on the small thatch of brown pubic hair, all nice and trimmed. Her hand passed over her pussy and covered it, but I reassuringly took it away and smiled down at her. I started to kiss above her knee, up her thigh, and she spread her legs and raised her knees as she saw where I was going. I leaned in close to her soft vaginal lips, seeing the moisture from the pool, and her own sex juices now flowing. I delicately licked my way up one lip, then other. She gasped over and over again as I licked the entire outside, then dove my tongue in.

"Oh God!" she moaned.

I love being cheered on! I threw her left over my shoulder and pulled the lips gently aside. I dove in with gusto and licked deeply inside of her.

"Jason! Ohhhhh, Jason. Shit that feels soooo gah--!"

I plastered my mouth over her drooling love box and began sucking away on her clit.

"Jaaaaasooooon…FUCK!"

I became incredibly turned on by hearing my baby sis swear like that. It was a first for me! She continued to pant and groan as I nibbled on her clit, then inserted a finger into her pussy.

"Oh god oh god ohgodohshiiiiiiiiit. That's fucking incredible! Gooood dammit!"

I smiled and slurped noisily at her pussy. I loved my sister so much…Her thighs clamped onto the side of my head and she thrust her hips at my face.

"Jason I'm gonna cum! God Jason you're making me cum so haaaaaard! UNNNNGH! UH UH UH SHIIIIIIT AIIIIIIIIEEEEEeeeeeeeeeEEEEE!!!"

Megan thrashed around uncontrollably on bed; my breathing temporarily cut off by the pressure of her thighs on my face. She let up and I raised my pussy-drenched face and smiled.

"God, that was so hot Jace. You look so fuckin hot covered in my pussy cream. Fuck me big brother! Fuck your baby sis, she's wanted your big brother cock for soooo long!"

I was so shocked by her words I just leered over her pubic thatch, my lips covered in here pussy juices.

"Jason, I mean it! Screw your sister's pussy, pleeeeease? Jason, please, I need your cock so bad I—"

I cut her off as I slid my dick right into her waiting hole. I paused for a moment while she registered the fact that I was brushing up against her hymen.

"Megan, I love you."

"Jason, I love you more." She replied and took a deep breath.

I prodded slowly, then pulled back, and quickly penetrated her virgin barrier. She sucked in air through her clenched teeth.

"Are you okay-"

"Go, go baby-"

"Meg, I-"

"I've waited three years for this Jason, I need UNNNGH!"

She cried out, as I didn't wait for her to finish and thrust my pole inside of her. Her hands grasped onto my shoulders as she fought for breath.

"Ooooh, oh yeah." She cried as I began a steady pounding of her virgin pussy.

I pulled back then slid smoothly back in, her tight virgin body wrapping itself around the intruding rod of flesh. My head was spinning as I looked down at my sister, her hair spilled out in a small circle on the pillows of her bed, her eyes shut, biting her bottom lip. My god, I loved my sister so much for years, and now I was fucking her on her own bed. 

Megan's legs whipped out and wrapped themselves around my waist, pulling me closer.

"Harder big brother, fuck your baby sister harder, I love you so much!"

"God Mega, you are the most incredibly hot woman-"

"I'm guh, all yours Jace-"

"All mine, baby sis-"

"Whenever unh, you want me-"

"Always. I'll always fuck my baby sis, her big brother loves her tight pussy."

"Oh yes Jason, I ugnnnnnnh, I saved it for you! You make me so fuckin hot big brother I-I-I I'm cuuuuuming! Jason I'm gonna cum so hard for you! For you, this is fooooor YOUUUUUU!!!! GOOOOD, I love you! Fuck! Jeeeeesus Chriiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeest!"
Tears began to spill out of her eyes and soon I was seeing spots in front of my eyes. Her pussy was rapidly convulsing around my cock, and there was no way in hell I would be able to stand against it. She milked me harder and harder, her head trashing, her hips bucking, her legs grasping and hands clawing.

I must have blacked out. 

I felt Megan's fingers slowly twirling through my hair. I raised my head and I saw such a dreamy look in her eyes. A smile lit her face, and I smiled back. Our tongues danced together, and she tasted her own juices and my sweat. Our bodies now made squishing sounds whenever we moved, and she began to giggle again.

"That was the best fucking belated-birthday present I've ever had." 

We laughed together and I raised up on my elbows. She smoothed the sweaty hair off of my forehead and kissed my brow.

"I love you big brother. I love you Jason."

"I love you too Meg. You're the hottest baby sis I've ever had."

"I'm the only one! I want to be your only one always. This is just the beginning, right? We have the whole summer?"

"The whole summer, I'm yours."

"Big brother, the whole summer, your baby sis is yours."

To be continued...