 The houses were all quiet, bathed in the moonlight. I shut the curtain and paced back across the living room. It was already past two o'clock. I was bored, there was nothing on televisions, all the stations had signed off over an hour ago. My eyes were to tired to continue reading. This was going to be a longer night than I had bargained for. I laid back down on the sofa, just to rest for a little bit.

I knew I would be out late when I agreed to baby-sit for Brandy. She had recently divorced her husband, and now was back into the singles scene. I knew she was a wild woman. The way she ran around in the tightest cut-off jeans and bikini top. A complete and total tease. I could never imagine her as being married. I often wondered if she married him just to have the double moniker; Brandy Brande. At least tomorrow I could sleep in, a little. My Dad was fanatical about cutting the grass first thing Saturday morning.

"Dale?"

I felt a hand gently pressing on my chest.

"Dale, wake up," I heard a soft voice say.

"Huh," I opened my eyes. Brandy was sitting on the side of the sofa, gently rubbing my chest. "I'm awake."

"Dreaming huh," Brandy smiled softly.

"Yeah," I answered and stretched.

"I like dreams," Brandy smiled. I almost missed it. But I saw Brandy glance down.

"Really?" I suddenly knew I had to wake up. Something was wrong. I shook my mind awake. Blinking hard I realized I was erect! I gasped, half sitting up.

"Don't get up too quickly," Brandy said quietly pressing me back down. She still had that knowing smirk on her face. "Wake up first before you get up. So was it a good dream?"

I tried to gather my senses. What should I do. I knew my erection would be plainly visible through my sweat pants. I propped myself up on my elbows and brought my knee up. I glanced down and saw that doing that camouflaged my erection, somewhat.

"Well, was it?" Brandy glanced down and smiled. She knew what I was trying to hide.

"Was what 'what?'" I asked. I tried to shift my hips to further cover my embarrassment. Brandy kept her small hand pressed against my chest.

"Your dream?" Brandy patted my chest. "was it a good one?"

"Yeah," I stammered. I wanted to sit up. But doing so would force me to push Brandy off the sofa. Brandy was sitting on the edge of the sofa, her left arm resting on me. She had me trapped. "I guess."

"Yeah," Brandy glanced down again. "I guess."

My face flushed when she looked me in the eyes. She was teasing me. Making me lie there with this raging erection, and unable to escape. I knew Brandy could feel my heart racing. She smiled at me again and slowly patted my chest. We existed in this awkward situation.

"Well," I stammered, trying to think of something to say.

"Well," Brandy drew a deep breath. "Why don't you tell me about your dream."

"What?" I said. I wanted to get up and run.

"What was your dream about?" Brandy asked again. She adjusted herself on the sofa. I quickly ran my eyes over her. She was wearing a button down shirt that was tied up, exposing her stomach. Only the bottom two buttons were done. Her tight jeans were low on her waist.

"Um, I don't know," I answered. Looking her in the eyes, I noticed she had carefully watched me check her out.

"A good dream like that," Brandy overtly glanced down. "And you don't remember what it was about."

I squirmed uncomfortably. My erection wasn't going down. In fact Brandy's teasing was making me harder. My attempt to cover up was failing. I felt myself blushing even harder.

"Do you remember who was in it?" Brandy asked. She was slowly sliding her hand down my chest towards my stomach.

"No," I answered quickly.

"Really," Brandy smiled. "Are you sure."

"Pretty sure," I answered, tensing as Brandy's hand moved across my stomach.

"Was I in it?" Brandy asked.

"What?!" I was startled by her question.

"Well, was I in your dream," Brandy looked directly into my eyes.

"No," I blurted out quickly, a little too quickly.

"No!" Brandy smiled. "Why not?"

"I don't know," I stammered.

Brandy smiled, "That's too bad. Don't you want me in your dream?"

"I don't know," I answered.

"You don't know?" Brandy giggled. Her elbow bumped into my erection. Her eyes widened. I tried to pull my hips deeper into the sofa. "I'm not worthy of being in your dreams?"

"No," I didn't know what to say. "You're worthy, it’s just, well, I don't know."

"I understand," Brandy patted my chest.

Brandy was teasing me, obviously aware of my erection. She was sitting here teasing me. She wouldn't be doing this unless she was interested. I gathered my strength, "Why did you think I was dreaming about you?"

"Well," Brandy smirked. She was a little surprised by my sudden bolder move. But at the same time I saw that she liked it. "Usually people will dream about what they did that day. Since you are here babysitting, I thought maybe I was in it."

"Oh," I said. Brandy's had slowly worked her hand down to my stomach.

"You know you were in one of my dreams," Brandy confessed.

"I was?" I swallowed hard. Brandy's arm bumped my erection again.

"Yeah," Brandy smiled. "Do you want to hear about it?"

"I guess," I answered.

"Well, I was locked out of my house, and couldn't get in," Brandy said. She readjusted herself on the sofa. As she did her arm came down squarely on my erection. Brandy smirked and left her arm there. I tried to pull my hips back into the sofa, but doing that actually made my erection press against her arm harder. "Are you uncomfortable?"

"A little bit," I answered, hoping Brandy would let me up.

"Don't be uncomfortable just because I had a dream about you," Brandy teased. She knew full well that wasn't the type of discomfort I had in mind. She had no intention of letting me escape from this predicament. She patted and rubbed my stomach, in doing so her arm rubbed against my erection.

"OK," I answered. Her arm rubbing against my erection was driving me crazy.

"So, anyway, I ran over to your house to get some help," Brandy continued. "You were home alone. So you let me in."

I tried to shift on the sofa... She was starting to get me really excited by 'accidentally' rubbing her arm against my erection. Brandy allowed me to shift, then readjust her arm so it again was brushing against my erection. She was really going to tease me.

"Yeah, so anyway, you let me in and didn't seem to interested in helping me." Brandy continued. "I was standing there begging for you to help me and you just sat there and looked at me."

"I did? Why would I do that?" I asked.

"Probably because I was naked," Brandy said, making sure she was watching my reaction.

"Oh really?" I tried to act nonchalant.

"Oh really," Brandy mocked me. She rubbed her arm against my erection harder for effect. "Wouldn't you like to see me naked?"

"I don't know," I stammered. I felt like my head was going to explode. I had no idea what to say. I couldn't believe this was happening to me..

"I don't think you would mind," Brandy said. She rubbed her arm straight up and down on my erection. She looked down, for a second I thought she was going to grab me.

"Really?" I tried to play dumb.

"You know," Brandy slid her hand under my shirt. Her delicate fingers running circles around my belly button. I tensed at her touch. "Relax."

"I'll try," I answered. My erection screamed in my sweatpants.

"So, in my dream, you made me pose naked for you," Brandy ran her hand farther up under my shirt to my chest. "Then do you know what happened?"

"No," I almost groaned my answer. Brandy smiled, she was liking driving me crazy.

"I made you get naked," Brandy ran her hand down my stomach, brushing my erection.

"Really," I didn't know how much more of this I could take.

"Are you a virgin?" Brandy asked.

"What?!" I answered.

"Are you a virgin?" Brandy repeated as she finally put her hand on my sweatpants and wrapped her fingers around my erection. I jumped. Brandy smiled and started stroking my through my sweatpants. I looked down to make sure this was really happening. My sweatpants had a small stain from my leaking erection.

"You are," Brandy answered her own question. She was right. I had never been with a woman, in fact I had never even been kissed.

"Well," I didn't know what to say.

"Don't be embarrassed," Brandy smiled. "How old are you? Eighteen?"

"Yes," I answered. "My birthday was last month."

"Really?'," Brandy paused. I thought she was about to quit rubbing me.

"Yup, on the third," I answered.

"Good," Brandy teased. She started rubbing my erection again. "You know you can never tell anyone about this."

"I won't," I promised earnestly.

"Oh yes you will," Brandy said. "I bet all of your friends will hear the story by noon tomorrow."

"No they won't," I promise.

Brandy eyed me carefully. "If I ever hear any stories."

"You won't," I was practically begging.

"Hmm," Brandy paused. She continued stroking my erection through my sweatpants. For the first time I arched my hips to give her a better angle. Brandy grabbed my erection harder.

"Well," I questioned pleadingly.

"Well," Brandy mocked me. "I suppose if this is going to happen I should examine the package." Brandy deftly grabbed my sweatpants and pulled them down to expose my erection. I gasped as she touched my erection with her hand. Bare skin on bare skin. "Nice cock."

"Oh yeah," I moaned. I didn't know you much longer hold out. "Its OK?"

"What's OK?" Brandy said as she wiped leaking fluid from my cock. I didn't care that she wiped it on my sweatpants.

"My, uh," I stammered. "My erection."

"Your erection?!" Brandy laughed, she grabbed my erection and held it up. "My dear boy, this isn't an erection. This is a cock."

"A cock," I said in agreement.

"A nice big fat cock," Brandy stroked it hard. "I know I'm going to be sore in the morning."

I smiled as Brandy expertly stroked my hard cock. I felt myself building towards an orgasm.

"We better not do it here," Brandy said. "I don't want the kids walking out on us."

"OK," I said. Brandy had stopped just moments before I was about to come.

"Let's go downstairs," Brandy pulled my sweatpants back over my cock. She stood up allowing me to look over her firm petite body. I quickly sat up. "Are you OK?"

"A little dizzy," I answered. Brandy put her hand on my shoulder. "I'll be OK."

"Come on," Brandy held out her hand, I took it. She gently pulled me off the sofa. I pulled up the back of my sweatpants as she led me through the kitchen. Brandy flicked the light switching leaving the upstairs dark behind us.

"We have a spare bedroom downstairs," Brandy whispered as she led me down the stairs. My cock was pounding in my sweatpants. I slowly shut the door behind me. We crossed an unfinished family room to the far corner. Brandy opened the door and pulled me in. She switched off the light in the family room, leaving the only light on by the stairs. Brandy shut and locked the door.

"This is your guest room?" I asked. I slowly walked to the center of the room. The room wasn't finished yet. The sheet-rocked walls needed to be patched and taped. The closet doors leaned against the far wall. The floor was covered by a small area rugs.

"Yeah, we are almost finished," Brandy said. She went to the window and pulled the shades. "I should be able to finish it this winter. Then Todd wants to move down here. He's starting to get to that age where he wants to be independent."

"I see," I answered. "Boys will be boys."

"Speaking of boys," Brandy smiled as she walked over to me and grabbed my cock. She started stroking me through my sweatpants. "What do you want to do first?"

"Uh, I don't know," I moaned. I was so close to coming I didn't know what to do.

"You are ready to explode," Brandy smiled up at me. "We'll have to take care of that so you can relax and enjoy yourself."

"What do you mean?" I asked. Brandy had deftly slid my sweatpants down, exposing my throbbing cock.

"You are going to be incapable of anything until you get off, so I'm going to get you off," Brandy smiled and licked her lips.

"Are you going to get naked?" I asked.

"You want me to get naked first?" Brandy smiled.

"Yeah," I nervously mumbled.

"OK," Brandy stepped back and unbuttoned her shirt. I bit my lip as she peeled off her shirt. She had on a tiny black lace bra. Her small tits actually looked larger than I thought they would be. Brandy ran her hands under her tits and cupped them for me. "You like that?"

"Yes," I answered.

Brandy smiled. She dropped her hands down and unbuttoned her jeans. She slid her jeans down over her hips, letting them drop to her ankles. She had on small black lace panties that matched her bra. Brandy stepped out of her jeans and pushed them towards the corner.

"Nice," I mumbled. I let my eyes wander over her small tight body. Her stomach was perfectly flat with the cutest little belly button I had ever seen. Brandy ran her hands over her tan body, guiding my eyes on a visual tour.

"You like this?" Brandy smiled at me. She brought her hand up behind her an unsnapped her bra. She turned her back to me and let her bra fall to the floor. Turning around to face me she had covered her tits with her hands. "You want to see?"

"Yes," I stammered.

Brandy smiled as she slid her hands off her tits and cupped them for me. Her tits were really small. Barely standing out from the rest of her body. But her nipples were pointed hard. She ran her hands around her tits before dropping them down to her panties. I smiled in eager anticipation. "You want me to take these off?" Brandy turned and pulled her panties down exposing her butt.

"Yeah," I licked my lips.

"Not yet," Brandy turned to face me. "I want to see you naked first."

"You want me to get naked?" I asked. Brandy nodded. Her panties barely covered her. "OK." I quickly pulled of my shirt and tossed it to the side. In one swift motion I dropped my sweatpants, pulling them off with my socks.

"Holy shit!" Brandy laughed. "That didn't take you long."

"I know," I laughed. My heart was pounding in my chest.

"Here it goes," Brandy slid her panties down exposing her dark pubic bush. She flicked her panties to the corner. She held her arms out. "What do you think?"

"Great," I stammered. A surge of warmth shuddered through me. My eyes wandered all over her naked body, I couldn't get enough of looking at her naked. Brandy patiently stood there and let me look at her.

"Are you ready?" Brandy said coyly as she walked over to me. Her hand wrapped around my pulsating cock. "You are leaking." Brandy rubbed my leakage over my raging cock. The mere touch of her sent another shudder through me. "Just relax and enjoy." Brandy kissed me gently on the chest before dropping to her knees.

"Oh God," I moaned as Brandy took my cock into her mouth. Her warm tongue massaging my member. I closed my eyes, letting Brandy's delicate mouth work her wonders. She sucked me in and out of her mouth slowly, carefully working over my cock with her tongue. I knew I wasn't going to be able to take very much of this.

"Hmm, tastes good," Brandy said. I looked down, Brandy ran her hand up my chest. "You are really big, it’s quite a mouthful."

"Thanks," I said. Brandy giggled and slid me back in her mouth. I couldn't help but watch the wondrous sight of my cock slicing in and out of Brandy's mouth. My orgasm was going to come quickly. My body was quickly building towards an explosion. Brandy sensing this looked up at me. Our eyes locked. She started sucking harder, driving me towards the end. I looked into her wild eyes, unable to speak as the convulsion racked through me. I felt the warmth gush from me into her wet mouth. Brandy squinted in determination as she took my load. Then she swallowed hard.

I blinked numbly as she slowly and surely sucked my cock clean. Her eyes remaining locked with mine as she finished me off. She allowed my still hard cock to pop out of her mouth. It stood there glistening.

"Did you like that?" Brandy answered as she wiped the edges of her mouth with her fingers.

"Oh yeah," I stammered. I felt lightheaded.

"I should have grabbed something to wash this down with," Brandy opened her mouth for me, showing me my white cum on her tongue. She ran her tongue around in her mouth and swallowed. "You shot quite a load. I almost couldn't handle it."

"I'm sorry," I put my hand on her shoulder. Her skin was hot to the touch.

"I'll just run upstairs and get us something to drink," Brandy patted my chest. "Just lie down and make yourself comfortable."

"OK," Brandy slipped out the door. I spread out on the bed. Alone, I wondered if this was all a cruel dream. I giggled and whispered to myself. "I got a blow job." I lay there smiling.

"I got you a Coke," Brandy quietly shut the door behind her. She crossed the room and handed it to me. "I thought for a moment the kids were awake."

"That would suck," I took a cool drink from the Coke.

"Yeah," Brandy agreed. "I haven't gotten off yet."

"Oh," I smiled. "What do you need me to do?"

"I'll teach you," Brandy patted me. Her touch sent a tingle through my still semi-hard cock. "Still pretty hard, that's impressive."

"Really," I took another sip.

"That's what I like about young guys, they get just like that, and can stay hard forever," Brandy set her glass on the nightstand. "Are you ready for a lesson?"

"Yeah," I smiled. Brandy took my glass.

"First, how well do you kiss?" Brandy straddled me. Her warm thighs against my sides. I could feel the soft wetness of her pussy pressing against my cock.

"Uh, I don't know," I answered. I carefully put my hands on her hips.

"Have you ever been kissed?" Brandy rubbed my chest.

"Uh, not really," I answered.

"Never had a girlfriend?" Brandy leaned in closer to me.

"No," I answered. I was so uncomfortable and unsure around women.

"So, you are a clean slate," Brandy giggled. "You better be a good learner."

"I'll try," I promised.

"OK," Brandy smiled. She slid flat against me. I could smell the faint smell of alcohol on her breath. Brandy leaned in and kissed me on the lips softly. I kissed her back, carefully.

"Relax," Brandy encouraged me. "Open you mouth a little." I opened my mouth and tried to relax. Brandy kissed me again. I kissed her back. Brandy slipped her tongue into my mouth.

"Oh God," I gasped. I hadn't expected that.

"You didn't expect tongue," Brandy kissed me softly. "That's the best part. Just open your mouth and follow my lead."

"OK," I answered. Brandy kissed me again, I opened my mouth and let her in. the strange warm wetness engulfed me. Her tongue wrestled with mine. I surrendered to her. She led me, teaching me, kissing me. I pulled her close. I never wanted this moment to end.

I found myself swept away, Brandy writhed her naked body on mine as we kissed. I ran my hands over her warm soft skin. Her body was firm. I ran my hand over her small butt. Brandy spread her legs wide around me. I found the courage to run my finger between her legs. I felt the warm folds of her pussy. Brandy let out a sigh at my touch.

"Oh yes," Brandy moaned. She pulled my head down, forcing my face into her tits. I hungrily swallowed her small tits. Rolling her hard nipples with my tongue. Brandy pressed her chest into me. She was smothering me with her hot body. I pulled her in tighter.

"I want you to eat my pussy," Brandy moaned. She slid up bringing her legs up over my shoulders. For the first time I clearly could see her swollen pussy lips. She adjusted herself again, bringing her pussy directly over my face. I felt the heat from her against my cheek. "Lick it."

I tentatively flicked my tongue over her pussy lips. She was musty, yet tantalizing. I gingerly licked her pussy lips.
