 My Name is Derek and my wife is Kristy. We have been married for eight years and are both in our early thirties. We had just opened a Party Store where we sell party supplies and put on parties for various groups of people. We have catered parties for local dignitaries, weddings, fundraisers and even the occasional bachelor or bachelorette parties.

The business had been very successful so far. We were trying to build a solid reputation as a place you can count on for a great party. We are usually pretty busy and Kristy and I do most of the work. We have to hire temps occasionally to help out when the party is too large for just the two of us to handle.

When it comes to the bachelor or bachelorette parties we usually hire strippers, as it seems all of these parties want this type of entertainment. We also work with various local bands to work the parties.

I usually work the bachelor parties with a temp helper because Kristy feels uncomfortable around them and she usually works the bachelorette parties with a temp for the same reason. It seems that usually the guys or gals which ever it may be have a better time if someone's husband or wife is not around.

We had a call from a local politician whose son was getting married and he wanted to pay for the bachelor party. The usual request for liquor, food and strippers was on the list. There was going to be about eight guys at the party and it was going to be in a ritzy local hotel in one of the suites.

The party was in three days, which was very short notice to get things put together. We charge more for a short-term notice party, which is nice for the bank account but makes it a mad dash to put all of it together.

Kristy got on getting the food together and I jumped on getting the temp help lined up and the dancers for the party. 

Everything was set for the party and it was none too soon as the party was tomorrow night at 7pm.

The day of the party Kristy and I were loading the van with the food and decorations when my cell phone rang. It was my temp help for the evening and he had an emergency and could not make it. There was no time to set up more help, as we had to be at the hotel in one hour to begin getting ready.

Kristy shrugged and said, "I guess we have no choice but for me to go and help with this one."

I said, "Just help me get it set up and you can leave. It's only eight guys and I can handle that easily."

I got in the van and she got in our car and followed me to the hotel. We got everything carried up to the room and Kristy started on decorations while I set up the food table. 

We had just completed the set up and Kristy said, "I'll go down stairs to the lobby and just hang out in case you need help you can just call me."

She had only been gone about 5 minutes when the guys started showing up for the party. They had apparently already started the party somewhere else as they had been drinking.

I introduced myself, showed them the food table and started to pour them their first drinks. One of the guys had brought some porn movies to play on the big screen TV in the room. Things were going along just fine then my cell phone rang.

It was one of the girls we had hired to dance for the party. They had been in an auto accident on the way and were going to the hospital.

It was too late to find another dancer for the party. This party was plagued with problems from the start and it was not getting any better.

To make matters worse one of the guys came over and asked, "Are there not supposed to be girls here for this?"

I told him, "Yes, there has been a slight glitch and I was trying to find replacements."

I called Kristy who was still in the lobby and told her of the dilemma. She said, "Let me get on the phone and see what I can do. We have to do something quickly we don't want to screw up this party."

I said, "See what you can do and let me know."

I served the guys some more food and another round of drinks. So far they seemed content on eating, drinking and watching the porn movies. They were starting to get rowdier and joking with each other. About thirty minutes had passed and I had not heard from Kristy. I was getting nervous and afraid we were going to mess up this party, which would not be good considering whom, it was for.

There was a knock at the door and I went to get it hoping it was the dancers. I opened the door and there stood Kristy. She was in a long evening gown and looked fabulous.

I asked, "What are you doing here?"

She replied, "I could not find any dancers and had to do something. We cannot blow a party this early in our business or we might as well close shop. So I went to the clothing shop in the lobby and bought what I needed"

I looked at her and said, "You can't do this."

She looked at me and said, "I never have but I wouldn't say I can't"

I replied, "I didn't mean you can't but rather you're my wife."

She said, "Do you have another suggestion?"

Then one of the guys walked to the door and let out a holler, "Alright the girls are here!"

He reached past me and ushered Kristy into the room. He led her over to where the guys were and said, "Look at what I found on our doorstep."

The guys really got excited then.

Kristy is a beautiful woman with a body that would put many strippers to shame. She stands about 5'7" tall with long blonde hair. Her figure is a beautiful hourglass shape with large breasts, a firm flat stomach from working out and a beautiful tight little ass. She was in a pretty red sequined gown and a pair of 5" heels that set off her dancer legs. Needless to say she looked absolutely edible.

I was very nervous about this whole arrangement and didn't think she knew what she was getting into.

One of the guys went to put on some music with the porn movie playing on the big screen still. I saw Kristy's eyes widen as she saw the porn movie playing.

One of the guys said, "Come on baby take it off!"

Kristy was nervous and stalling for time, "Can't you at least buy a girl a drink first?"

One of the guys yelled over to me, "Barkeep can we get the lady a drink?"

I poured Kristy her favorite drink and made it especially strong, as I knew she was going to need it.

I carried the drink to her as she held out her shaking hand and smiled at me and said, "Thank-You."

One of the guys patted the seat next to him on the couch and said, "Come over here babe and sit next to me and my soon to be married buddy."

Kristy walked over to the couch and sat down between the two guys. The one immediately put his hand on her thigh that was exposed from the slit in her dress. The other guy put his arm around her shoulder. She was the center of attention, as they all seemed to huddle around her.

One of the guys asked, "Are you bringing some friends with you?"

Kristy responded, "I was but something came up and they could not make it so you just get little ole me."

The one said, "From the looks of you one will be plenty."

Kristy smiled and said, "I don't know about that but I guess we will have to make due."

I poured all of the guys another drink and mixed them strong. I was hoping I could just get them so drunk they would pass out and not need a dancer.

One of them said, "If you're the only one coming let's get on with the show."

Kristy said, "My, my what impatient guys you are. What's the hurry we have all night. Let me get another drink to get the mood just right."

She started to get up and the guy with his hand on her thigh said, "You don't need to get up. Barkeep we need another drink for the lady."

I knew she just wanted to get away and talk to me. I poured another drink for her and another for the guys. As I handed Kristy her drink she looked at me with a wild eyed look that I could not tell if it was fear or excitement but her hand was still shaking.

They guy who had his hand on her thigh had moved it further up her dress and his fingers had disappeared under her dress. The groom had moved his hand farther around her so that his hand was resting just above one of her heaving breasts.

My plan of plying them with drinks did not seem to be working. It was apparently only making matters worse.

One of the guys asked, "Honey can you do that?" as he pointed to the big screen. On the screen was a girl with a cock in her pussy and one in her mouth at the same time.

Kristy looked shocked and said, "I'm just a dancer not a hooker."

The guy responded, "I know I was just wondering if you had every done that?"

Kristy said, "No I have not."

One of the other guys piped in and asked, "Would you like to?" and laughed.

Kristy replied, "No I don't believe I would."

I walked more drinks over hoping to get to the pass out stage quicker. The groom now had his hand slipped completely over her breast and the other guy had his hand pushed further under her dress. I could tell by looking that he must be very near her pussy. 

Kristy reached out her hand that was steadier now and took her drink. This time she could not look me in the eyes.

I wanted to jerk her out of here. If I didn't have all of our money and our home invested, which we had mortgaged to start the business, I would have but or money and our home could potentially be gone. The groom's father was a very influential man in town who knew a lot of people. I knew that is why Kristy was sitting there doing what she was doing. We could potentially be ruined financially if we failed a party this early on.

One of the guys got up and turned the music louder and yelled, "Let's get this party started!"

I and I'm sure Kristy knew there was no more stalling. She had seen one other dancer at a party and kind of knew what was next. 

Kristy stood up with a cheer from the guys. She turned and asked the guy sitting next to her, "You're the groom are you not?"

He shook his head yes. She grabbed his hand and led him to a chair in the middle of the room. She sat him down in the chair and the rest of the guys moved their chairs for a better view.

My mind was racing as I thought she is really going to do this. She started dancing to the music. She was swaying her beautiful hips and running her hands along her tight body. She turned around and shook her cute ass in his face. He reached out and placed his hand on her ass. She then sat down on his lap and was grinding into his crotch. When she stood up it was evident that he had a hard on. The guys also noticed and made comment as he turned beet red.

Kristy seductively turned around and straddled the chair as she sat on his lap again facing him. She was grinding on him and pulled his head toward her cleavage. She buried his face into her abundant cleavage and shook her tits in his face.

She stood back up and the groom now had a raging hard on tenting from his slacks. 

I noticed a twinge in my crotch and could not believe my cock was beginning to stir. I didn't want it to but yet Kristy was so sexy and watching her was an incredible turn on.

Kristy danced to the music and reached for the zipper on the side of her dress. She unzipped it down to her hip then pulled the dress off of her shoulders. She had apparently purchased some lacy lingerie at the shop also. She used her arms to hold the dress up in the front to tease the guys. 

All of them were completely mesmerized in watching my beautiful wife undress.

She let the dress fall and it caught at her hips. Her firm breasts were constrained by a beautiful white bra. She shook her chest at the groom and sat in his lap again. She pulled his head to her tits and this time he licked between her tits. She again stood up and wiggled out of the dress. It pooled on the floor at her feet and she stepped out of it.

She was wearing a white garter belt with matching lace thong panties and stockings that had the seam running up the back of them. 

One of the guys yelled, "Take it off!"

I now noticed my cock was at full staff watching this sexy creature stripping for a room full of guys.

Kristy turned so her ass was facing the groom and bent over to grab her ankles. The guys in the room got up from their chairs to see the sight. She backed her ass right to his face and he leaned forward to meet it.

This brought a cheer from the guys watching. I could tell most of them had hard-ons in the room. I was getting real nervous about this now and wondered if I should stop it before it got out of hand.

She stood back up and faced me. She looked right at me and I knew this wild-eyed look was one of excitement. She was getting turned on by this attention and taking her clothes off in a room full of guys.

She quickly spun around and faced the groom. She reached for the snap on the front of her bra and unsnapped it holding the cups against her tits. She then slid the bra off her shoulders and it dropped to the floor.

Another cheer came from the group as Kristy was now standing with her big tits bared to the room. She had her back to me as she again climbed onto the groom's lap. She leaned her tits into his face and as she did he quickly reached out and sucked one of her nipples into his mouth. She was not planning on this and jerked back. You could here the pop as his sucking mouth left her tit. She just shook her finger at him like he was a naughty little boy. She then reached for the back of his head and pulled him between her tits and shook them so they were hitting his ears.

She quickly stood back up and placed her shoe on the seat between his legs. He reached for her shoe and took it off her foot. She then placed the other one up there and he took it off.

Kristy stepped back and reached for the hooks holding up her stockings. She slowly was swaying to the music as she unhooked each one. She again put her foot between his legs and onto his crotch this time and rubbed her foot up and down on his dick. He reached for the top of her stocking and pulled it down her long sexy leg. She raised her foot just as he pulled the stocking all the way off. She then repeated the same with her other stocking. She bent over the groom putting her hands on the back of the chair so that her tits were hanging in his face. She had to know what was going to happen next. He leaned his head back and sucked a nipple into his mouth. She did not jerk back this time and let him suck on her tit. The guys in the room were mixed on where to look as their buddy sucked her tit or at her thong covered ass and pussy visible to them. 

Her ass was facing my direction and I could see a wet spot forming on her panties. She was completely turned on by this now. I was standing back by the food table and bar watching. I started rubbing my hard cock through my slacks. She stood back up and turned around so she was facing me and glanced my direction. Her eyes opened wide as she saw me rubbing my cock. She sat down on the groom's lap and started bouncing up and down on him. Her big full tits were bouncing and her nipples were hard and she was so excited that her areola was puckered. She glanced my direction again and gave me a devilish smile at the fact that I had a hard on and was rubbing it through my pants.

The room was silent from talking and cheering at this point as most of the room was rubbing their cocks at the sight of this vixen dry humping their buddy.

Kristy stood back up and turned her ass toward the groom and reached for her panty waistband. She swayed to the music and pulled the waistband out and up and down a few times to tease. She then bent over with her ass in the groom's face and pulled the panties down to her knees and let them drop to the floor. She shook her ass in his face and he reached out to grab her ass. I know Kristy was not a professional stripper but most strippers I have ever seen at these kinds of parties leave their panties on. 

With her now completely naked in a room full of drunk, horny guys I was worried again that she had taken this way too far.

Kristy again made eye contact with me and saw that I was still rubbing my cock. She quickly turned and bent over with her head in the groom's lap.

Her ass and pussy were splayed wide open as she simulated giving the groom a blowjob.

Then, it happened way too quickly. One of the guys was on Kristy and had shoved his cock into her pussy. I had not even noticed he had pulled it out of his pants. He was immediately humping her as she was bent over the groom. She tried to stand up but the groom had hold of the back of her head. I knew I should have gone to her rescue but my mind and my dick were telling me to watch this beautiful women being fucked. The groom used his free hand to unzip his fly and pulled out his cock. He still had Kristy held down. She had taken the groom's cock into her mouth and was sucking it while the guy behind her was pumping away at her pussy. The groom had removed his hand and Kristy was now sucking his cock on her own free will.

I never thought I would like watching my wife being fucked by another man. I figured I would kick the guy's ass. Somehow the woman who had been taking her clothes off in the room full of men was not my wife she was a stripper and my mind did not register that was the case.

The guy that was fucking her was moaning. Then his knees slightly buckled and he shot his load into my Kristy.

"My Kristy," I thought. Yes my wife was now the center of attention.

The guy who shot his load pulled out and quickly another guy took his place and started banging into her pussy with full long strokes. I looked around the room and all of the guys had their cocks out and was stroking them waiting for their turn.

My cock was hard watching Kristy's beautiful body bent over and being fucked by these guys. She was sucking the groom for all she was worth. Her large full tits were swinging beneath her as she was being fucked hard from behind. She reached a hand back and was playing with her clit as she was being fucked.

The second guy moaned and shot his load into her pussy. Kristy then turned around and sat down on the groom's hard cock. She was riding it up and down stroking him with her pussy. 

She glanced over at me I'm sure to see what my reaction was as she was being gang fucked. I had my cock out of my pants and was stroking it. She had a look of pure lust in her eyes. One I don't think I had ever seen in her before. Our eye contact was interrupted as another guy stepped in front of her and she sucked his cock into her mouth.

I moved to a chair and sat down with my cock in my hand. I had a front row seat to watch my wife take on these eight guys. 

The groom was ready to explode and threw his head back as he shot his load into her. The guy she was sucking also moaned and jerked a load into her mouth. She swallowed all of it with only a small amount running from the corner of her mouth.

She climbed off of the groom's cock and crawled across the floor to where I was sitting. She reached up and pulled my cock into her mouth. As she did this another guy got on his knees behind her and plunged into her pussy. I could see his cock as it slid in and out of her pussy. I looked down at her and she was looking up at me. 

The kid in her pussy lasted about 30 seconds and shot his load into her. She had one hand wrapped around the base of my cock and the other was massaging her clit. 

The next guy took his spot behind Kristy. This kid was well hung and showed no mercy as he plunged into her wet pussy. You could hear the squish noise as he penetrated her. I looked at her eyes as this kid slid into her and her eyes that had been almost squinted shut were now wide open. She was still massaging her clit and I could tell from her trembling she was ready to cum. She pulled her mouth off of my cock and laid her head on my lap and moaned, "OOOHHHHH FFUUUCCCKKK!" She jerked into an orgasm and I knew from experience that her pussy was contracting tightly around the guys cock. He pulled out of her pussy and laid his thick meat on her ass and shot his load onto her back and ass.
