 "This is ridiculous," I thought, standing outside St. Joseph's cottage waiting for Brother Robert to answer my knock. "What excuse can I give for coming by this time. Surely by now he's aware that these frequent meetings with him to talk about the boys on his work crew are contrived and unnecessary."

My sister told me I was crazy and said I was setting myself up for a put down. 

"Girl please! What makes you think that white boy wants any of your brown ass, and him a brother besides?"

Maybe she's right, this is just an impossible fantasy that I've set up, knowing it can never happen. But still, I can't stop the excitement that comes over me whenever I see him on campus.

It happened the first time I saw him, this very striking man in his early 30's dressed entirely in black, running across the lawn to break up a fight between two of the boys on his grounds-keeping crew. As he grabbed one of the boys who was swinging a rake, I could see the firm wiry muscles tense in his arms and the blue green veins swell. He disarmed the boy and was restraining him from behind in a basket hold, with veins and muscles bulging even more from his sweat-dripping arms and I found myself wishing I was this shirtless youth cradled in Brother Robert's arms.

What was I thinking? This was a Catholic Brother, vowed to celibacy. Still, no harm in fantasizing; besides, he wasn't some naive virgin as I have learned from the boys in St. Thomas dorm, where I was a child care worker. In private raps they thought I couldn't hear, they told each other the ribald stories and jokes they heard from Brother Robert. 

One boy told with delight how he and the Brother were removing an old fence post from a mud hole in the field. As they pulled back and forth on the post it made wet sucking sounds in the mud, occasionally expelling air and Brother Robert told him it sounded like a good wet fuck. The boys all thought Brother Robert was OK, as he apparently showed them a side of himself that the staff never saw.

It was just last week at the dorm's picnic that I got to talk at length with the Brother and learned that before he came to Hope Manor he was in rural India working at an orphanage in the countryside. As he described the beautiful brown-skinned people of the area, I almost felt he was admitting to a lust for brown flesh. Or, was it just my desperate projection?

Later that afternoon I watched him in the pool, frolicking with the boys. He was muscular but not overly built and even through his loose boxer trunks I could see the shape of his firm round ass when he came out of the water. I had to remember to look up and down the pool and not be caught staring at the Brother's body so. 

"Hello Brenda," he said, smiling as he opened the door. I jumped, startled back to the present, trying to think of a reason to be here. 

"I just got off work and thought I'd see if you'd like to go get a beer and talk some more about India." 

That seemed innocent enough and a valid topic of conversation. He had already changed from his black outfit to cut off denim shorts and tank top, making it hard for me to think of him as anything else but the solid man that he was. 

"I was just having one," he said, "won't you join me." 

St. Joseph's cottage was one of the many elegant old building at this Catholic boys home that was to be renovated, but for now was the makeshift home of Brother Robert. Most of the large house was closed off except for the kitchen and an adjoining room where he had a bed and a desk. We sat at the kitchen table drinking our cold beers and eating pretzels, which he told me was one of the sensual pleasures he had to do without in India. 

"How many sensual pleasures do you indulge in?" I asked, surprised at my own boldness.

He looked at me startled, as if I had discovered and exposed a well-kept secret. "Well," he said slowly, "I never could resist chocolate. I think that's why I had to get away from India. All those beautiful brown people kept reminding me that I had never overcome sensual desires." 

What? Was he playing with my head or leading me on? I never expected this kind of candor, but I took it from there. 

"Have you ever thought of giving in to your hunger and eating the chocolate?" I asked.

"Oh, all the time," he said, studying my face with his large brown eyes. "After India, I was going to give it up, but came here for one more try. But, being around all these horny boys makes it even worse."  I laughed, knowing all too well the many times I've seen them walking around with uncontrollable hard-ons bulging thru their tight jeans. 

"You know," I said, "sex is such a natural force, maybe celibacy is not the answer."

"I know," he said, reaching across the table and putting his hand on mine, "not everyone can quell the urges."



It was clearly happening, wasn't it? I stood up and he did the same. We both moved forward, wrapping our arms around each other. He pulled me close and I could feel his bulge against my leg as our lips met and our tongues searched inside the others mouth. 

His embrace was overpowering, as if years of tension were now suddenly released, and I could feel the slightest shaking ripple through his taut body. 

Suddenly, hearing some boys talking as they walked by the house, I realized we were standing near the French doors of the kitchen and could be seen. 

"Not here," I whispered, "the boys might find out." 

"Upstairs." was the only word he breathed as he took my hand and led me to the staircase.

The empty bedroom seemed immense and open with the rays of the descending sun sprayed across the bare wall from the curtainless window. The carpet I found myself sitting on was soft and firm, and I could easily imagine being outside on the lawn.

Robert was fumbling with the back of the bra that I was required to wear at work. As I unfastened the front and removed it, he said, "I hope that's all they've changed since the last time I did this. You should know it's been about five years and I'm a little scared, almost like a virgin. I've also never been with a black woman before."

I unzipped his shorts and softly rubbed my fingers over the firm bulge pushing against his white cotton briefs, and looking my most provocative said, "You mean you want me to be gentle with you?"

He just smiled as he lowered his head to my breast and licked around the stiffened nipples, before putting his mouth around them and squeezing firmly. 

 His hand was sliding into my tight jeans and panties, just as mine was in the cramped confines of his cotton briefs. We both lay there running our fingers through the others hair. His long curly hair was so soft compared to my coarse tight bush, and I wondered if he too was enjoying this exploration of our racial differences.

Abruptly he began pulling my jeans and panties off and I soon found myself lying naked on the floor with his hands and mouth caressing me everywhere.



He was licking under my arm and nibbling the hairs there, then ran his mouth down my side, nibbling a while at my waist before moving down my leg.



He lifted my legs, rubbing his hands up and down them and put my toes in his mouth, darting his tongue between them before moving back up my legs. He stopped his head at the inside of my thighs, slowly rubbing his mouth back and forth on them while his fingers played in my hairy bush. His thumbs slid gently up and down the loose skin of my labia.

What next? It was like watching a tornado, momentarily standing still, not knowing in which direction it would go when it started moving again.

Ever so slowly his hands moved up my thighs until his tongue was licking my outer labia, which he soon parted with his thumbs, opening me to the assault of his tongue darting up and down my stiffened clit. He pursed his lips and began sucking my clit in and out of his mouth and it was all I could do not to scream as my legs squeezed against his head with my first orgasm.

He didn't stop, but continued sucking while his arms reached up to my breasts and he rolled my tits between thumb and forefinger, sending me into a fury or orgasms that soon melted one into another.



"Be gentle with you?" I said, with an exhausted laugh as I sat up and pulled his shorts down from his narrow hips. 

He removed his tank top, striking a most sensual pose at that moment when his arms were raised with his shirt going over his head, exposing his hairy underarms and full torso, with small stiff nipples straddling an oasis of curly brown hair that trailed down to his navel. From his navel, the hair widened again to disappear into the white elastic band of his briefs.

I pulled his briefs down slowly, exposing the mat of brown hair from which his long white dick protruded, with its winding blue green veins bulging through the soft loose skin. Ever further down this shaft I pulled the briefs until finally at the end ...




it sprang up and pointed its shiny pink head at my face.



A small bead of crystal clear liquid appeared at the slit on the tip of the head. I touched the slippery fluid with my tongue and spread it around the head before sliding my lips over it.



Robert sighed heavily and I felt his dick twitch as it slid into my mouth. I sucked the smooth head and stroked the hard shaft as I gently moved my fingers around his balls, which had pulled up firm against the base of his dick. His breathing soon became short spasms and his hips thrust involuntarily, pushing his dick deep into my mouth before he finally grabbed my head and tensed with orgasm. I could feel the cascade of warm cum filling the back of my throat and swallowed the unseen pearlescent fluid, delighted to have shared this most intimate and intense moment with the man of my dreams.



Robert lay on the carpet, exhausted and sweating, idly gliding his fingers across my back and butt as I lay beside him. 

"What are you going to do now?" I asked, concerned about his religious conflict. 

"Well," he said, "tomorrow I'm going to quit being a brother and I guess start looking for a job and a place to stay. But right now I'm going to just lay here and enjoy looking at your shiny brown back."

I laid there a while, silently trying to decide if I was ready to offer my apartment as a place to stay while he got it together, when he leaned over and began kissing and licking the back of my neck and shoulder. 

I could feel his wet dick swell and rub against my thigh and I rolled over and opened my legs, inviting his penetration into my body and my life. 

