 Al was looking forward to leaving on their camping trip as he packed the RV. He and Erin hadn't been on a decent vacation in years. And they had always dreamed of driving around the west and seeing the mountains and all of the wonders of the desert. Even though their daughter, Sue, was coming along as well as her cousin Robert, Al was determined to have as much fun with Erin as if they were by themselves. Lately they had just been falling into a routine and Al was determined that the romance and spontaneity of their early years should reappear.

Erin was so beautiful to Al. She was only 5'2", but she had one of the most sensuous bodies he had ever seen. Her figure of 36-24-34 was just perfect, and with her long red hair hanging down almost to her waist and her bright green eyes, well, she turned heads everywhere they went, even though she was 36 years old. She exercised regularly and was careful about what she ate, so her body was firm and toned. Even her big breasts barely sagged, despite having given birth to Sue 18 years ago.

That Robert was coming along was a sudden, last-minute thing. His sister, June, had called and begged him to please take Robert with them, as she was having some problems with her husband and needed some space to try to sort things out. She promised to meet them at Zion National Park a week later, but she needed the week to talk with Bert and try to figure out what to do with her life.

Robert was a good kid, already 19 years old. He was a star athlete at school and was already a touch over 6 feet tall. With his broad shoulders and blonde hair with blue eyes, it was easy to see why June was always gushing over him. He didn't act like he was anything special and seemed to really get along with Sue.

Now, Sue, she looked just like her mother, just a younger version. She was developing into quite a beautiful young woman and had been dating different boys for the last six months with his and Erin's approval.

Al wondered how they were going to all get along in the RV for their trip. It wasn't small, but it wasn't so large, either. There was one master bunk which he expected to use with Erin. There was also another big bunk that converted after taking down the table and sliding some boards and cushions. He guessed Robert and Sue would share that. Since there were no dividers in the RV, everyone was always visible to everyone else. He hoped his lovemaking with Erin wouldn't wake Sue and Robert, because he wasn't about to go without.

Erin, Sue, and Robert now came out of the house carrying the last of their personal things and loaded them into the RV. After one last double-check, they locked the house and pulled away, headed first to Rocky Mountain National Park to camp for a day or two. They headed out of Denver up 31 to Boulder and then up to Estes Park. Then entered the park there and found the campsite they had reserved months earlier in the Glacier Basin camping area. They parked the RV and got out to take in the view of Long's Peak towering over them at more than 14,400 feet. Robert said that he wanted to go for a short hike and Sue said she would go with him. Al told them to be careful and they said they'd be back in an hour or two.

As soon as they were out of site, Al was in the RV where Erin was straightening some of their supplies. Moving over behind her, Al slipped his arms around her and held her close to him, nuzzling her hair with his nose as he held her close.



"I can't believe we're finally on the road and alone," Al said as he nibbled Erin's ear. "It feels so good."

"Well, we're not really alone, are we?" Erin replied, arching back against him as he kissed her neck. "There's Robert and Sue."

"Yeah, but they're not here now, are they?" Al asked, letting his hands slide up to cup Erin's breasts in his hands. "And they won't be back for a couple of hours, either."

"And what did you have in mind?" Erin asked, sighing as Al's fingers captured her nipples, pinching them through the thin material of her shirt.

"Well, I can think of a couple of things already," he laughed, feeling Erin's nipples get hard between his fingers.

"Mmmm," Erin sighed as the sensation in her nipples traveled straight to her pussy.

Al always knew how to turn her on, even though they hadn't really been turning each other on lately. Suddenly abandoning her breasts, Al's hands slid down and grabbed the bottom of Erin's shirt and lifted it over her head, releasing her breasts. Turning her around, he bent over and took one of her hardened nipples into his mouth, teasing it with his tongue as he sucked on it. Erin let her head fall back as Al sucked on her nipple, holding his head in her hands. She felt him unzipping her jeans and inching them down over her hips until they slid to the floor, leaving her standing in only her panties.

Al gently stroked her pussy through the thin material of her panties and Erin knew that her pussy was already soaking wet. Suddenly Al grabbed her panties from the front and ripped them off of her, tearing them. Erin was shocked. He had never done anything like that before. She stared at him as he grinned at her, his hand sliding between her legs to cup her pussy.

"I don't want you to wear any panties for the rest of the trip," he said.

"Why?" Erin asked, giggling. "What's the difference?"

"Just because," Al replied. "Okay?"

"If you want," Erin laughed. "But no underwear for you either then," she said, Astarting now."

And she reached down and undid his jeans, dropping to her knees to pull them down along with his underwear, freeing his cock which swung out to stand at attention, pointing right at her face.

"Now that's what I call friendly," she said, opening her mouth and letting him slide his cock in. "Mmmm, you taste so good," she mumbled from around his cock as she began to suck on it.

"Oh, yeah, that's nice," Al said, his hand resting on Erin's head. "Yeah, like that," he said as Erin opened her throat and let all eight inches of his cock slide down into her throat.

Erin could suck cock like no other woman he had ever known. And she always seemed to like it. She had never hesitated to suck him when he stuck his cock in her face and she sure wasn't hesitating now. He knew if he let her continue much longer, he would be blowing a load right into her mouth, and he had other plans.

Gently lifting her to her feet, his cock sliding from her mouth, Al lifted her up and sat her on the table, gently pushing her until she sagged back against the rear window. Anyone walking by could have looking in and seen what was going on and that thought excited Al even more as he lifted Erin's feet and set them on the edge of the table, exposing her bald pussy to his gaze. Erin had only the smallest thatch of fiery red hair above her slit which was now split open, revealing her inner pussy lips and her clit, which stuck out like a strawberry nubbin begging to be picked.



Dropping to his knees, Al trailed his tongue up Erin's inner thigh, stopping just short of her pussy, then moved over to the other leg and did the same. As he got close to her pussy he could smell the pungent odor of her excitement. Then slowly Al dragged his tongue up through Erin's pussy, tasting the juices that had filled it. Erin groaned as she felt Al's tongue in her pussy and lifted her hips to try to meet him. She almost came when he plunged his tongue into her hole and did have an orgasm when he gripped her clit between his lips and teased it with his tongue. When he finished sucking up all of her cum, he got to his feet, his cock poised at the entrance to her pussy.

"Well, what do you want?" he asked, gently rubbing the head of his cock up and down between her pussy lips.

"Fuck me," Erin begged, lifting her hips. "Fuck me, Al," she begged.

"Are you sure" Al asked, starting to insert his cock into her pussy then pulling it back out.

"I'm sure," Erin almost cried. "Fuck me, Al. I need to feel your cock inside of me right now."

"But what if Robert and Sue come back?" Al asked, again slipping his cock just an inch or so into Erin's pussy.

"I don't care," Erin cried out. "Just fuck me, please."

"Like this?" Al asked, sliding his cock all the way into Erin's pussy in one stoke.

"Oh, god, yes," she cried. "Oh, god, fuck me," she cried as Al began to stroked his cock in and out of her pussy. "Yes, it feels so good," she panted, lifting her hips to meet his thrusts.

Al loved the feel of Erin's pussy gripping his cock. With her pussy lips shaved bare, it was easy to watch as his cock slid in and out of her pussy, her inner lips gripping the shaft of his cock as it slid in and out. He could see her clit peeking out from between her pussy lips and reached down and began to rub it with his thumb as he continued to pump his cock in and out of her.

Erin was panting now, pinching and twisting her own nipples as Al continued to fuck her. She couldn't believe how good it felt as his cock continued to pound her pussy. Then Al suddenly withdrew his cock from her pussy and encouraged her to turn over on her hands and knees on the table, her ass lifted up in front of him and her pussy spread wide. Her inner lips were gaping open from his fucking and he easily slid his cock back into her, driving it deep. Erin collapsed forward onto the table resting her head on her arms as Al continued to fuck her doggy style. She loved how deep his cock penetrated when he took her in this position and she tried to match his rhythm as he fucked her. She lay there with her eyes closed enjoying the rhythm of being so thoroughly fucked.

After what seemed like hours, Al felt like he couldn't hold back any longer and knew he was going to cum. Erin felt the urgency of his strokes and knew that his orgasm was imminent. She reached back between her legs and began to rub her clit, wanting to cum with him. Quickly his orgasm built past the point of no return and Erin felt his cock swell even bigger inside of her just before his balls exploded and cum shot deep into her pussy.



Erin groaned as she felt his cum splashing deep inside her pussy, furiously rubbing her clit as her own orgasm shook her. Al was groaning as he buried his cock deep inside Erin's pussy, shot after shot of cum pouring into her. Erin gasped and lifted her head from her arms, arching her back as the last of Al's cum shot into her. Her mouth hanging open in ecstasy, Erin slowly opened her eyes, coming to focus on Sue and Robert standing there outside the RV looking in, watching, their eyes wide and big smiles on their faces.

"Oh, god," Erin cried, trying to hide her face in her arms again. "Robert and Sue are watching us," she cried to Al. "They've seen us."

"So what," Al grunted, feeling the last of his cum drip from his cock inside of Erin. "They have to know that we fuck. I mean, we're married with a child."

"But they watched us," Erin cried. "Doesn't that bother you?"

"Actually, it's sort of exciting," Al said, feeling his cock stirring inside of Erin's pussy.

"Let me up," Erin cried, struggling.

"Okay," Al said, sliding his cock out of her pussy. "Here," he said, reaching around her and pulling her upright, cupping her breasts in his hands.

Then he could see Robert and Sue standing there watching, not making any attempt to hide the fact. He could see Robert staring at him and for some reason he grinned, pinching Erin's nipples between his fingers and pulling on them before Erin managed to struggle off the table and onto her feet.

"God, I'm so embarrassed," she said, reaching for her clothes. "And look at my panties. They're ruined."

"But we agreed no more underwear for the duration," Al reminded her. "You don't need any panties."

"I'm full of your cum" Erin laughed. "It'll soak my jeans."

"Then wear one of your skirts," Al laughed. "That way it'll just drip onto the ground."

"Oh, you," Erin laughed, quickly searching through her things for a skirt. She found one, a mid-thigh, light, summery wrap-around skirt. Wrapping it around herself as Al pulled his jeans on, she burst out laughing.

"What are we going to say to them?" she asked.

"I've already figured that out," Al replied. "Come on, let's go outside and get this over with."

Trying not to laugh or blush, Erin followed Al out of the RV to where Robert and Sue were standing, their cheeks red with embarrassment.

"You didn't have to watch, you know," Erin said, unable to contain herself.

"Oh, but I did," Robert replied. "You're beautiful. And if you didn't want anyone watching, why do it in a big window where anyone can see?"

"Well, as you can see, privacy and space are going to be in short supply on this trip," Al said. "So we'll just have to be considerate and try to give each other the space we need. Any problems with that?"

"No, sir," Robert said.

"No, Daddy," Sue said, a smile on her face.

"I think I'll go take a shower," Erin said, trying not to blush. "Sue, you want to come with me?" she asked.

"Sure, I could use a shower," Sue replied.

Al and Robert watched as the two of them walked to the showers, which were down the road around the curve. As they disappeared from view, Al turned to look at Robert.

"Well, Robert, you didn't seem to mind watching me and Erin, did you?"

"Not really," Robert replied. "She sure is beautiful. And seeing her like that."

"Got you excited a bit, huh?" Al asked.

"Yeah, you could say that," Robert agreed with a nervous laugh.

"Did Sue seem upset to you?" he asked.

"No, I don't think so," Robert answered. "I think maybe it excited her, too."

"Why do you say that?" Al asked.

"I don't know. She was breathing kind of fast, I guess."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Erin didn't know quite what to say to Sue as they walked to the showers. To her knowledge, Sue had never seen her and Al making love before. She knew she was at that age where her hormones were making new and strange demands on her young woman's body and she didn't want her to have gotten the wrong idea about anything. To her relief Sue spoke up first.

"Mom, I didn't mean to spy on you and Dad," she said. "We just came back from our walk and -- well, it was impossible not to see you."

"But you didn't just turn away, did you?" Erin asked. "That would have been the polite thing to do, don't you think?"

"Probably," Sue admitted. "And I'm sorry. But it was so -- so -- so beautiful," she said. "The look on your face was so incredible."

"Really?" Erin replied, blushing. "What do you mean?

"You just seemed so happy," Sue said, Asort of beyond words."

"That's a good description," Erin admitted as they got to the showers. "Your father makes me feel that way. It's one of the reasons I love him so much."

"It makes me glad that you're my parents," Sue said.

"And you know how much we love you," Erin said, unwrapping her skirt. "We wouldn't want to do anything to hurt you."

"I know," Sue said. "And I --"

She broke off in mid-sentence as Erin dropped her skirt onto the bench, seeing her mother standing there naked from the waist down.

"Mom, you're not wearing any panties," Sue exclaimed.

"Well, I did get dressed in a hurry," Erin explained with a blush.

"What's that on your leg?" Sue asked, looking at her mother and speaking before realizing that her pussy was shaved.

"Oh," Erin gasped, blushing furiously as she realized that a stream of Al's cum had dribbled out of her pussy and run down the inside of her leg.

"You shave yourself there?" Sue asked, incredulous.

"Your father likes it like that," Erin explained, furious that she had forgotten, embarrassed at having to explain herself to her daughter. "And it's none of your business, young lady. Just take your shower," she said, stepping into the shower and turning on the water.

She watched out of the corner of her eye as Sue undressed, admiring how her body had blossomed in the past year. Why, her breasts were almost as large as hers and her hips a bit narrower. All in all, she was very sexy, Erin thought as Sue stepped into the shower.

They finished showering and walked back up to the campsite where Al and Robert had begun to prepare dinner. They ate, enjoying the taste of the food in the open air with the Rockies looming over them, the air crisp even in the middle of summer at this altitude. After dinner, Robert and Sue volunteered to wash up the dishes while Al and Erin straightened up the camp. As they walked down to the wash stand, Sue asked Robert a question.

"What did my father say to you when we went to take a shower?"



"He wanted to know if it turned us on to see them," he replied.

"Really!" Sue exclaimed. "And what did you tell him?"

"I told him that it turned me on and that I thought it turned you on," he replied.

"Why did you tell him that?" Sue asked, feeling her cheeks flame as she recalled how wet it had made her between the legs as she watched them.

"Because it was the truth," Robert replied.

"Why do you say that?" Sue asked.

"Your breathing really got fast and shallow," Robert explained. "You would have had to have been dead not to be turned on."

"Well, that's true at least," Sue admitted. "It turned you on, too?" she asked.

"Sure it did. Your mom is really beautiful. You're lucky, you look just like her."

"You think so?" Sue asked, inwardly pleased to be compared so favorably to her mother.

"Yes," Robert replied. "I don't see much difference at all."

"Well, I saw one," Sue said before she could catch herself.

"What do you mean?" Robert asked, realizing that she hadn't meant to let it slip.

"Oh, nothing really," Sue stammered, embarrassed.

"Come on, I told you what you wanted to know," Robert insisted. "The least you can do is tell me what the difference is between you that you know of."

"Well, if you must know," she said, really blushing now as they got to the wash stand, Ashe shaves herself."

"So do you," Robert said, reaching down and running his hand up her leg from her calf to her mid-thigh.

"No, not her legs," Sue said, laughing nervously as his hand on her leg made her tingle.

"What then?" he asked.

"She shaves her pussy," Sue said quickly, turning on the water and beginning to wash the dishes.

"Really!" Robert replied. "You don't?"

"No, of course I don't," Sue snorted in disbelief.

"I'd like to see that," Robert mused. "I've never seen a shaved pussy before."

"You've seen -- you know, pussies before?" Sue asked, a little surprised.

"Yeah," Robert replied nonchalantly.

"Really!" Sue said, curious. "Whose? Your girlfriend's"

"Once a girlfriend's," Robert admitted.

"Any more than that?" Sue asked, her curiosity peaked.

"Yeah," Robert said.

"Well, are you going to tell me or not?" Sue asked, getting angry.

"What will you tell me if I do," Robert asked. "This is sort of a one-way exchange so far."

"Well, what do you want to know?" Sue asked, jumping as she splashed herself with water.

"Are you a virgin?" Robert asked disarmingly.

"Well, you don't just get right down to it, do you?" Sue replied. "And if I tell you, you'll tell me?"

"Sure," Robert agreed.

"Okay," Sue said, "I'm a virgin. Does that make you happy?"

"I don't have anything against virgins," Robert said with a laugh, noticing that her nipples were now clearly visible through her wet shirt.

"So, whose pussy did you see?" Sue persisted.

"My mom's," Robert replied, smiling at her.

"You're kidding!" Sue said, staring at him, her nipples hard. "How?"

"Well, when she and dad aren't fighting, they're usually fucking. And they fuck everywhere in the house. It doesn't seem to matter to them. I've seen them fucking dozens of times."

"Wow!" Sue exclaimed. "Today was the first time I ever saw my parents. Or anyone for that matter."

"Did it turn you on?" Robert asked.
