 Jamie was exhausted as the cheerleading coach dismissed them from practice for the day. Since transferring to City High a month ago, her life had certainly changed. She had found herself making friends easily and had won a position on the cheerleading squad after her first tryout. As she made her way to the locker room with the rest of the girls, she wryly thought about how hard she had thought it was going to be to leave the school and friends she had known all her life to begin anew. It sure had been a lot easier than she had imagined. Even her twin brother, James, had found it easy to fit in to the new school and routine. Even as she started to undress to take a shower, James was out at football practice competing for the quarterback position.

As she undressed, Jamie looked around the locker room at her fellow cheerleaders. This was supposedly the cream of the crop, the best looking, most athletic girls in the school. They sure were a diverse bunch, she thought. There was Sheri, a tall, dark-haired girl with big, upright breasts, dark nipples that always seemed to be hard whenever Jamie had seen them, slender waist with her hips flaring to her legs which tapered down, long and slim, a dark thatch of hair filling the juncture of her thighs. Always with Sheri were Janice and Heather, Janice with blonde hair, not quite as tall and big as Sheri, but her pale breasts ended in large, cream-colored nipples and her hips narrow. Heather was a redhead, just like herself, but unlike herself, Heather's hair was cropped short, almost like a boy's haircut, causing her totally freckled body to really stand out. She had nice, firm breasts with pale, cherry nipples at the end. Her fiery red bush was not very dense, allowing you to get a peek of pale skin underneath.

Jamie self-consciously examined her own body in the mirror. Her breasts were nice and firm, very upright with big, dark-cherry nipples on the end. Her waist was very slim, showing a nice flat belly with her thick bush of red hair sticking out below. Her long, thick red hair hung down past her shoulders. She couldn't see anything to complain of as she joined the others in the shower.

Sheri and Janice and Heather were laughing together as they soaped up and began to work a lather up. Jamie began to shower at the shower next to them, listening to their conversation. Sheri was talking about her date the night before with John, the other boy trying to become the quarterback on the football team. Sheri was talking about how it hadn't taken him any time at all on their date to begin trying to kiss her and feel her up. She laughed as she described how desperate he had seemed as she thwarted his attempts to feel her up. She related how, as the evening passed, she had relented somewhat and began to make out with him, kissing him and sucking tongues together. She commented that he was really a good kisser with a really long tongue. Janice and Heather laughed as she said this. Sheri commented that she was going to go out with him on Friday and that she planned on letting him go a little further this time, maybe even letting him play with her breasts a little bit.

As she said this, Sheri reached up and gave both of her soapy breasts a good squeeze and massage, pinching her nipples for good measure. Janice and Heather laughed and Heather reached over and pinched one of Sheri's nipples, causing her to squeal as she tried to pinch her back. Laughing, they all finished showering and got dressed.

As they dressed and began to leave the locker room, Jamie moved over next to Sheri to ask her a question.

"Sheri," she asked, "how do you control guys so that they don't go too far?"

"Oh, that's easy," she replied. "You just make sure that they think there's a chance that they might succeed and they'll go along with anything."

"But what happens when things start to get too far along?"

"Well, either you like them and go along or you don't like them and you fight like crazy," Sheri laughed.

"Yeah," Heather commented, "when was the last one you fought like crazy because you didn't like him?"

"Well," Sheri answered, "at least I know before I go out with them if I'm going to like them. Not like you, finding out when it's too late to do anything about it."

"You mean you've let some of them do what they want?" Jamie inquired.

"Of course I have," Sheri responded. "If I didn't, they'd all know that I was just a tease and nobody would want to go out with me."

"Hah," Heather said, "you do it because you love it and you know it."

"Well, so what?" Sheri retorted, "At least I get it from people I choose, not just whoever chooses me."

"I like the guys I go with," Heather replied. "What about you, Jamie, ever been with a guy?"

"No, not like that I haven't. I mean, I've made out with some of the boys I've gone out with, I've just never gone any further."

"Well, neither have I," Janice chimed in. "I'm sure I will when I'm ready, I just wasn't born always horny like these two," she said laughing.

"I wasn't born horny, I just ended up that way," Sheri laughed. "I'll bet that before the school year is out, both of you end up losing your cherries. Face it, you're cheerleaders now. Every guy in school wants to be with a cheerleader. You'll have your pick of them, after I do, of course, then you'll end up doing it with someone."

"I don't know," Jamie said. "I always thought it'd be with someone special the first time."

"Who's to say it won't be," Heather replied. "It can be really nice. Believe me, I know. It doesn't have to be tawdry at all."

"There's nothing tawdry about me," Sheri declared, "I just like boys. I'll tell you what," Sheri said with a sly grin, "Friday night I'll let you guys hide in my house and you can watch me making out with John. My parents are away for the weekend, so they won't be there. What do you say? You can hide in the study and I'll get him to make out with me in the living room."

"I'll be there, you can bet on it," Heather said, laughing. "How about you two, you going to join me?"

"Sure," Janice said. "I think it'll be funny that John won't know we're watching him. You gonna come, Jamie?"

"I guess so," she replied. "It seems sort of weird though, peeping on people making out."

"Oh, I don't mind," Sheri said. "Maybe you'll get some pointers."

With that they all went their separate ways as they walked home. As Jamie lived in the opposite direction from the other three, she walked home by herself, reflecting on her new friends. They were always nice to her, but she still felt a little like an outsider. Face it, she was.

I've only been here a month, Jamie reminded herself. They've known each other for years.

As she continued on her way, Jamie thought about how happy her parents had been to move to Friend, Nebraska. She couldn't believe it when they had told her and James that they were moving from Portland, Oregon, to Nebraska. It had seemed like a move in the wrong direction. Now it seemed as though she could hardly remember Oregon anymore. Nebraska was really nice, open and no rain all the time. The people were a lot more open than they had been back in Oregon and it wasn't as square as she had been led to believe.

Just as she got to the street she lived on, Jamie heard her name shouted from behind. Turning around, she saw it was James, running to catch up to her. She really loved James. He was so good-looking and nice. Everyone seemed to like him. He was tall, athletic, always did great at everything he tried. As he caught up to her, he grabbed her in a big hug and swung her around.

"I'm going to be the starting quarterback," he announced gleefully. "They told us today."

"Oh, James, I'm so happy for you," Jamie said, hugging him fiercely. "Now I'll really have a reason to cheer."

"How's cheerleading going?" he inquired. "Is it as much fun as you hoped it would be?"

"Well, it's a lot more work than I thought, but I like the girls and it's a good workout. In fact, I'm going out with some of them Friday night," she said, deciding that it was going to be fun watching Sheri in action.

"What about you, any dates in mind yet?" she asked James.

"We'll see," he smiled. "I want to see what being quarterback brings my way. You found anyone yet?" he teased, knowing how shy she was.

"I'm not in any hurry," Jamie said. "Besides, no one's really paid any special attention to me yet."

"They will, especially when they see you out there jumping around in your cheerleading outfit."

Then they went into the house where their mother, June, was beginning to fix dinner. As they began to help with the dinner, they told her of their day in school, John being especially proud of having earned the starting quarterback position on the football team.

"Your father will be real proud of you," she said. "He called and said he'd be a little late tonight, so we'll eat before he gets home."

As they sat down to eat, June's mind wandered to her husband, Art. Art's new job had come as a big surprise to them. A guy they had met at a building convention, Larry Hughes, had offered Art a substantial raise and the possibility of a partnership to move from Oregon to Nebraska. It was an offer they couldn't refuse. The cost of living in Nebraska was lower than Oregon, and with more money. They just couldn't have done so well in Oregon. And the kids seemed to be really happy, too. That had been a big worry, but they had seemed to fit right in with no problems at school. Now James was on the football team and Jamie was cheerleading. They had always been together and done everything together, right from the womb.

Meanwhile, Art was at his office working to finish a project that needed to be presented the next day. As he worked, he thought, for the 10,000th time, how lucky he had been to meet Larry at that convention. Even if it had been in a topless bar after a particularly long seminar, they had seemed to hit it off right away. Then Larry had offered him the job over dinner one night with their wives. He was shocked, and after discussing it with June that night, they had accepted the next day. Within two weeks, they had sold their house and moved to Nebraska. He had been busy ever since. The work was everything Larry had said, with seemingly endless possibilities.

As he finished up his work and gathered his briefcase to leave, Art saw a light on in Larry's office. Since Larry frequently worked late, this was not unusual, so Art pushed the door open to say goodnight. As he looked in the office, Art saw Larry sitting on the edge of his desk facing the door, his pants down around his ankles, his secretary sucking his cock on her hands and knees. Because the door had been partially open, he had made no noise when he entered. Larry looked up and saw him and looked startled. Then he smiled and put his finger to his lips to warn him to be quiet. The secretary hadn't noticed that he was standing there watching her suck his cock.

As he stood there watching, he noticed that Larry's secretary was really getting into sucking on his cock. She would bob up and down on it, massaging his balls as she noisily sucked on his dick. Larry held her hair in one hand as he pumped her mouth up and down on his dick, pushing it into the back of her throat before letting it slide out to her lips where she teased the head and sucked at the slit at the end before swallowing it again into her mouth. Then as Larry started to cum, he held her face against him, pumping his jism deep into her mouth and filling it as she choked trying to swallow it all. Art backed quietly out of the office as she was sucking the last of his cum from his cock.

As he drove home, Art couldn't believe what he had seen. Larry's wife, Mary, was beautiful, a real knockout, brunette with big breasts and a wide, sensual mouth that looked so inviting. But, he had to admit, Larry's secretary Dawn really sucked cock well. Maybe he'd get June to go down on him tonight. It had been a while.

As he arrived at the house and went inside, June greeted him with a big kiss, while Jamie gave him a hug. She was really growing up, he noticed. Soon enough the boys at school were going to be trying to get her to suck their cocks, he mused. But she's a really good girl. He trusted her common sense.

After eating his supper and watching TV for a while, Art said good night to James and Jamie and went into his bedroom with June. Pushing the door shut, he grabbed her and kissed her with conviction, causing her to rise to her toes and push her body against his. Probing with his tongue in her mouth, Art began to massage her breasts, feeling the nipples harden under his hands. Pulling her shirt off, he released her breasts to his unimpeded access, her pert nipples sticking up, begging for attention. Falling to his knees, he began to suck on her breasts, worrying her nipples with his teeth and lips, sucking as much of her full breasts into his mouth as he could, massaging them with his hands.

As June stood there holding his head against her breasts, she felt herself responding to his sucking. Reaching behind her, she undid her skirt and let it slide to the floor, leaving her in her panties. Art reached between her legs and cupped her sex, gently massaging her entire pussy through her panties. Then he tugged her panties down, enabling her to step from them, leaving her as naked as a jay in front of him, her soft, downy-blonde hair barely covering her pussy.

He pushed her back onto the bed, pushing her knees up and aside as he exposed her pussy to his view. He could see her pussy lips pouting open, moisture pooling at the entrance to her hole, her clit straining to get out from between her pussy lips. He lowered his face to her pussy and ran his tongue the entire length of it, slurping her juices as he fastened his lips upon her clit, sucking it into his mouth. June began to squirm on the bed as his tongue got her juices flowing. As he buried his tongue up in her hole, she clamped his head against her pussy, pressing it into her as she ground her hips into his face. Then she felt her orgasm hit her as wave after wave of delight washed over her body, her juices bathing Art's tongue as he lapped her up. When he finished licking her, he crawled up on top of her and kissed her, swirling his tongue around in her mouth, letting her taste herself on him.

She kissed him back fervently, then rolled him over and began undressing him. She pulled his briefs down, freeing his already hardened cock. Grasping his cock in her hands, June began to probe the slit at the end, pushing her tongue into it before she began to lick and suck the head of his cock, teasing it with her tongue. Then she licked the entire length of his cock, stopping to carefully lick and lightly suckle on his balls, then returned to the head of his cock, letting it slide into her mouth, her tongue bathing it as she sucked it into the back of her throat.

As June began to suck on his cock, Art couldn't help thinking about seeing Larry sucked off by Dawn. As he remembered, he felt his own cock responding to his memory of the event and also by June's enthusiastic ministrations. As she continued to suck his cock into her throat, Art felt his balls begin to churn, warning him of his impending orgasm. As he began to pump his load into her mouth, June greedily slurped his cum up, swallowing it all as fast as it filled her mouth. When he finished cumming, she continued to lick and suck on his cock, slowly urging it into a state of readiness again. Then she quickly jumped up on top of him, positioning his cock at the entrance to her pussy, lowering herself onto him.

As she felt his cock fill her, June was filled with a sense of joy. God, life was so nice, she thought. I hope everyone's as happy as I am here. As she continued to ride Art's cock, June could feel it sliding in and out of her slippery pussy as she bounced up and down on it. Then Art rolled her over, not letting his cock slide from her pussy as he rolled her onto her back, hooking her knees over his shoulders as he began to stroke her. With her knees over his shoulders, Art had an unimpeded view of June's pussy as his cock slid in and out of it, her pussy lips wrapped around his cock each time he drew back, only to plunge once more into her pussy, where the velvet pussy muscles gently massaged his cock. As he felt himself moving to orgasm again, Art reached down and began to massage June's clit as he pumped her, driving her to orgasm even as his own began to shake him. With a strangled cry, Art pumped his second load of cum into June, this time between her other lips. When they finished cumming, they both collapsed on the bed, spent.

The next day as James and Jamie walked to school, they ran into Sheri, Heather, and Janice on the way. As they all walked together, it was obvious that the three girls were finding James to be quite attractive, especially when they heard he had made starting quarterback. Jamie watched with amusement as Sheri and Heather shamelessly flirted with James, giving her quick smiles all the while.

Once they arrived at school and James went to his class, Sheri looked at Jamie.

"How come you never told us your brother was so cute?" she demanded.

"You never asked," Jamie replied. "Besides, he's my brother. I know he's good-looking, but I never thought of it like that."

"Well, I'm going to get him to go out with me," Sheri declared. "I'm going to make it a goal of mine."

"No, you're not," Heather said, "I am. I think he'd be fun to snuggle up with."

"All right," Janice said, "a competition. How are we going to know who wins?"

"Wins what?" Sheri asked. "Who he goes out with first?"

"Sure, why not?" Janice said. "Are you afraid that Heather will get him first?"

"I'll bet that not only does he go out with me first, but that I can get him in my bed, too," Sheri declared.

"I don't think that James is like that," Jamie said.

"You're just saying that because he's your brother," Heather said. "All boys are like that. You won't be mad, will you?"

"Of course not. I mean, if he wants to go out with you or even get in your bed with you, that's his business. I just think he's not the kind of guy you think."

"Well, we'll see," Sheri said. "Tonight you'll see what kind of moves I can put on a guy if I want to, then you can tell me he's not like that. I'll even make it better. I'll make sure you get to watch when it happens. What about you Heather, you willing to do that?"

"I don't know if I'm ready to have you three watching me from some corner while I'm with a guy," Heather replied.

"Well, I'm not ashamed of it," Sheri said. "You'll see."

"What about tonight," Janice asked, "how are we going to do that?"

"Well, I'll make sure we're back at my parents' house at 10:00 o'clock. You guys get there earlier and hide in the study. You can see through the doorway if you leave the lights in the study off and keep quiet. I'll keep him in the living room."

With that, they agreed to meet that evening at Sheri's house and to wait there for her to return with John. All day long, Jamie thought about what Sheri had said. What if James was interested in going out with her? Her body sure was nice and she was sure James would think so, too. But would he let her get him in bed? We'll see, she thought.

That afternoon at cheerleading practice, Jamie watched Sheri and Heather, trying to see what it was that made them so different from the other girls. The other girls were just as pretty, had bodies that were just as nice, it was just something different about Sheri, and Heather probably did it just to show Sheri she was as good as her. In the showers afterwards, Sheri talked about nothing but how she was going to snare John that night. As she talked, she would squeeze her breasts and pinch her nipples. Then one time she furiously rubbed herself between the legs before rinsing off and getting dressed.
