 My mother and father named me Diane when I was born and I grew up in a very loving family. We were happy most of the time, but when there was sadness, we consoled each other and did whatever we could to support each other. 

I continued to live with dad after mom died a few months ago. I encouraged him to go out, make friends, and date.  I keep the house clean and do the usual things to keep the household running.  Dad did go out on a date a few times, but he seemed unhappy. 

I have a boyfriend named Bill. My relationship with him became sexual after we had dated three times. We only date about twice a week because I like to go out with others now and then  I often stay out late at night, but I always come home to our house to sleep in my own bedroom. I usually get up to make breakfast for myself and dad before we both go to our jobs. 

One night dad came home after dating a girl.  I had just returned home after being in bed with Bill.  I could see that dad had a few drinks and he looked so sad.

“Dad, you don’t look so good.”

“Diane, I feel like hell. I think I need another drink.”

It was Friday night and we didn’t have to get up early in the morning.  If he needed more to drink to get him to talk, no problem. I went into the kitchen and mixed both of us a drink.

“Here, dad, sip this drink and tell me your troubles. As you know, we always pulled together whenever anyone had a problem.”

“I’m so despondent since your mom died. There isn’t any girl in this wide world that can take her place.”

“I agree with you. Mom was a wonderful mother to me.”

“I shouldn’t say this to you, but tonight I thought about sex with my date.  She was more than willing, but I just couldn’t go through with it.”

“Dad, maybe it will take you a little longer to get used to being without mother.  Surely, there are sexy girls out there your age who will appeal to you.”

I sipped the last of my drink and put the glass down.

“Dad, our drinks are gone. Let’s change into our night clothing and meet here in the living room for a night cap.”

When I returned to the living room, dad had already mixed drinks for us. He was sitting on the couch and I sat in a chair facing him.  We talked about his problem with dating and some other things.  He kept mentioning that no one could replace mom.  He started weeping.

I got up to sit by him on the couch to hug and console him. 

He sadly said, “I’m so despondent.  I don’t know what I would do if you weren’t here with me.”

“Dad, I love you and want to help you.”

“Yes, daughter dear, you are the only one I can rely on. If you ever left me, I might as well die.”

“I knew it was the drinks talking because he had always liked living and doing things.”

I hugged him tighter causing his head to slump to my bosom.  I’m sure he could feel my breasts through my clothing. I was wearing a long night shirt that buttoned down the front. 

By now he had stopped weeping and seemed to be resting comfortably in my arms.  I wanted to make him feel better. What could I do?

I thought if he could feel my bare skin, it might make him feel a little closer to me and I could comfort him more.  I unbuttoned the top buttons of my night shirt to expose the tops of my breasts. His cheek nuzzled between my breasts. 

He softly said, “Diane, you are a very caring daughter.”

“Thank you, dad, for saying that.”

I thought it might make him feel even better if I unbuttoned another button.  Now I was cuddling his head against more of my skin. I felt his nose touching one of my nipples, then realized I had completely exposed my breasts.  That was alright with me if he was happy feeling this close to me. 

Before I knew what was happening, he was kissing my nipple.  My first instinct was to get up, but then I had compassion for him and let him continue.  My nipple became hard and felt good.  Then dad seemed to “wake up” and sucked on the other nipple. I didn’t know quite what to do. I couldn’t believe my dad was making sexual advances to me.  Was he too drunk to know what he was doing?  I held his head to my breast while he continued to caress my nipples.  I was becoming sexually stimulated. 

Then my mind wandered back a few years ago when I was a senior in high school and my big brother, Jim, was a freshman in college.  He was a big jock in high school and had all the girls he wanted. But now in college he was a little fish in a big school.  One day when we were home alone, he started teasing me for being a virgin.  One thing led to another and I gave him a blow job.  He wanted to fuck me, but I was afraid of getting pregnant.  The next time we were alone, we both stripped off naked and did it in the six nine position.  His cock was big and he shot gobs of cum in my mouth while I was having two or three orgasms. 

After that second time, we often found ourselves alone, but I didn’t let him fuck me until a couple years later when I was on the pill. He was the one who took my virginity. Now he is married and we see each other often.

Before my brother married Susan, he told her he had a sexual relationship with me.  She didn’t mind.  Jim and Susan invited me over to their house for dinner. As the evening wore on and the drinks flowed, Susan enticed me into bed with her for my first adventure with a girl to girl situation. She gave me two pleasurable orgasms while I reciprocated.  Jim became very sexually turned on watching. He soon had his turn to fuck me. He wildly rammed his cock in me and fucked me very fast. Susan was holding his balls and massaging our butts. His big cock seemed to get bigger as he was building up to blast in me. He yelled as he filled my pussy with a large amount of cum.  His body shook and shivered until he finally calmed down. My orgasm was fantastic.  Sex with Susan was great, but I really preferred Jim’s big hard cock in my mouth or pussy. 

My mind returned to present situation with my dad.  I was practically naked and my dad was nuzzling and sucking my breasts. I had always thought my dad was handsome but never had any sexual feeling for him because he was my loving father.  He admitted that he has had no sex since mom died. What should a dutiful daughter do to help? I was not a virgin anymore and I was on the pill. Also, I liked sex very much. Bill and I were fairly matched in our sex desires, but, I didn’t know anything about dad.  If I could have sex with my brother and his wife, what’s wrong by having sex with my loving dad?”

I decided to feel his cock. I found it very hard and exciting to hold.  He squirmed when I squeezed it.

He said, “Diane, that feels good, but we better stop before we go too far.”

“Dad, you have always been so good to me. I want to please you and make you feel like living again.  It worries me when you said you wanted to die.”

“I didn’t really mean that. I want to live and enjoy life. Diane, I want to see you get married and give me grandchildren.”

“I think I can help you enjoy living, Dad.  You are a man and I’m a woman. You have raised me with loving care and always looked out for my welfare. Now I want to return a little of your kindness and love.”

He didn’t say anything. I assumed he was sexually excited enough to continue.

“Dad, stand up and let your pajamas drop down.”

While he was doing that, I quickly unbuttoned the remaining buttons down the front of my night shirt. I noticed he had a very big erection. It was pointing straight at my face since I was still sitting down. I held it, then licked the precum. I felt his body give a small sexual shiver. I took his cock in my mouth while holding his balls. He pushed it fully in with a jerk of his butt which nearly gaged me. I pulled back to lick around the head and go down on him as far as I could. 

Without much notice, he began to shoot in my mouth as his body sexually spasmed.  He became weak in the knees, so I put my arms around his butt to help steady him on his feet.  I did my best to consume all his cum because I didn’t want any to drip on me or the couch.  His cock finally quit jerking and started becoming smaller.  I kept it in my mouth to savor the remaining cum until cock nearly fell out. 

Dad looked down at me and exclaimed, “That was wonderful.  Diane, you really are sexy and good at that.”

Maybe he was wondering where I got all the experience. I don’t think he was aware of all my sexual contacts.

He sat down beside me, put his arms around me to pull me tight.  Nothing was said as we both had our thoughts about what had happened. I had given my lonely dad a blow job.  My night shirt was unbuttoned all the way down front which allowed dad to see much of my body.  He had hugged me tight, now he started removing my night shirt from my shoulders to let it drop. I stood up to let it drop to the floor.

He looked my body up and down, “Daughter you have a beautiful body.  I really never noticed it before. However, I haven’t seen you completely naked for many years. You have grown into a beautiful and lovely girl.  Very sexy, too, I might add.  I’ll bet the boys would sure like to taste your loveliness.”

“Dad, I have a confession to make. I don’t know how you are going to take this, but I want to tell you the truth.”

Dad looked very intently at me.

“Dad, I lost my virginity a long time ago.  Bill and I have sex regularly.”

He responded, “Oh well, I expected that. The way things are today, anyone dating a few times would have sex or they would break up.”

“But Dad, I have another confession to make and I don’t know how you are going to take this.”

“Go ahead and tell me.”

“Dad, brace yourself. I’m have a sexual relationship with my brother Jim and his wife.”

Dad looked astonished. “That, I didn’t anticipate. You mean to say you get in bed with Jim?”

“Yes dad, and I get in bed with Susan, too.”

Dad seemed to be shocked, but then he smiled at me to say, “Well, if you really like it that way, go ahead, but that really surprises me.”

“Another thing, Dad, I’m going to tell them that you and I had sex.”

“Wait a minute. Should you?”

“Yes, there will be no secrets in our family.  Susan is very opened minded when it comes to sex. She might even be willing to have sex with you.”

That really took dad by surprise, but he didn’t say anything. 

Dad’s cock was becoming hard again while we talked about sex.

“Dad, let’s go in your bedroom where we will be more comfortable.”

I led dad to the bedroom and we got on the bed.  I took the initiative because he seemed a little shy to be in bed with me. 

“Dad, how would you like to fuck me. Do you want on top, or do you want me on top to ride you, or do you want some other position?”

I think dad was a little embarrassed to tell me his preference.  He rolled over on top of me while I spread my legs for him. I reached down to aim his now very hard cock. 

This was his first night of sex since mom got seriously ill.  Earlier, he exploded very quick when I gave him a blow job. Now, maybe he could hold it long enough to give me an orgasm.

There was some residual cum from my date with Bill earlier tonight. I was fairly lubricated which allowed dad to sink his cock all the way in. I could feel it jerk with pleasure in my pussy. I responded by pulsating on it.

“Diane, my darling daughter, that is a wonderful feeling you are giving me. Your mom was very good at that. You remind me so much of your mother.  She was always aggressive in bed and often asked me what position I wanted. You are so much like her.  Since she died, I often think you are her since you look so much like her.”

“Dad, if you want to close your eyes and think of mom while you fuck me, I will understand.”

“Thanks daughter, I may do that.  Diane, you are so thoughtful.”

Dad began slow withdrawals, then pushed forward rather fast.  I noticed his eyes were closed.  I’m sure he was thinking of mom.  I assume this is the way he fucked her.  It thrilled me for him to think I was his wife, my mother.  As long as his eyes were closed, I decided to call him Mark instead of dad. That way mom would be more real to him.



I said, “Mark, go a little faster.”

He responded, “Martha, I love you very much and I always will. You are so sexy and I would be lost without you.”

I answered, “Yes, Mark, I love you and want you to be like this with me forever.”

I had never sexily kissed my dad. Now his mouth covered mine and our tongues intertwined. He was kissing his wife, Martha, not his daughter. It made my body tingle to think I was giving him back his wife, my mother, for a short time.  Not only that, but his cock felt so good in me. 

I began to push up to him when I felt him more vigorously ram his cock in me.  I wanted to have an orgasm at the same time he did. 

I said, “Mark, I love you.”, as I pushed up to him.

“Martha, I love you too, and I’m going to cum.”

His mouth covered mine in a very sexy kiss as he groaned. While our mouths blended, I could feel his body shake and struggle as I felt his cock jerk with each spurt of cum. My orgasm was at it’s height and I could hardly breath with his mouth covering mine.  Somehow, we broke the kiss so we could both breath.

I could see his eyes were still shut as he repeated over and over, “Martha, I love you so much.”

I responded to each of his quotes, “And I love you too, Mark. We will always be together.”

It was awhile before our bodies became relaxed while he lay on top of me.  I could hardly feel his small cock which was still in my cum filled pussy. I thought it was about to fall out, so I grabbed some tissues and pushed them down between us. He raised up to let his cock fall out as I plugged my hole. 

As he rolled off of me, he said, “Martha, that was wonderful.”

I was wondering when he was going to come back to the real world and know that he had fucked his daughter.  I felt so sorry for him.

He hugged me and kissed me while his eyes were still closed.

Then he opened his eyes and gave me a surprised look. I think he really believed his had fucked his wife instead of me.

He said, “Oh, Diane, I’m so sorry if I was out of my head for awhile. You must think I am nuts.”

“Oh no, Dad, you are a wonderful person. I wanted you to think you were having sex with your wife, my mom.  We’ll do it again soon.”

He looked at me with so much love in his eyes, “I want to do it again and again. You are so understanding and I love you so much. It was a fantastic feeling to know I was with Martha  I would like to do it again right now if I can get hard.”

I said, “Lie back on the bed and close your eyes.”

I looked at my loving father, then moved down to take his cock in my mouth. It was starting to get a little hard.

He said, “Martha, you do that so good. I want to love you and fuck you so bad.”

I think he was getting hard enough to enter me. I got up to sit on him. I had a little problem with his cock bending, but I was able to sit down on it. I leaned forward to let my breasts rest on his body and opened my mouth for a kiss. Our mouths were wide open as our tongues meshed and ground together. Our saliva mixed in one of the sexiest kisses I ever had.  I could feel his cock getting harder in me.

I broke the kiss and said, “Mark, I want to fuck you all night like this.”

“Yes, Martha, my cock feels so good in you. I like the way you pulsate on it.”

“My dear husband, I’ll keep doing it as long as you want me to.”

He said, “We’ve been married many years and I’ve always been thrilled to have sex with you.”

“Yes, Mark, it has been great, and we’ll have many more years together like this.”

We fucked for a long time as we continued to call each other Mark and Martha. I often leaned forward to share a sexy kiss with him.  I was wondering if he could cum again. Maybe if I had an orgasm, it would make him more sexy.”

I started working faster on him and could feel an orgasm building up in my body. My body began to struggle and jerk as I had an orgasm. I’m sure he could feel my orgasmic reactions and vocalism. This caused him to start cumming in my pussy again.

I fell forward for our mouths to mesh.  We struggled with breathing until we broke the kiss. I laid on him for quite awhile trying to avoid coming back to the real world for him to know he was fucking his daughter instead of his wife. 

I laid by his side until we fell asleep in each others arms.  I was hoping he would dream that he was holding my mom instead of me. 

One of the last words I heard from him before dozing off was, “Martha, it’s so good to sleep with you like this.” One of his hands was resting on my pussy. 

The next morning I woke up with the sun shining in the window. Dad was already up and dressed.  We ate breakfast without saying too much. I think we both were a little shy to talk about last night. 

All day Saturday we did odd jobs around the house and yard.  Bill phoned me and made a dinner date with me for Tuesday evening. 

Dad and I didn’t talk much about what we would do this evening, but I assumed we would have sex.  After dinner, we both took separate showers and met in the living room for a drink. It wasn’t long before we were in the bedroom stripped off.  He seemed reluctant to kiss me as long as he thought of me as a daughter.  That was alright with me.  I took his small cock in my mouth to get it hard.

He said, “Last night I was about worn out. I’m not sure I can get a good erection tonight. I am getting along in age, you know.”

“Just lie back with you eyes closed and let me see what I can do.”

He seemed to be enjoying my mouth going up and down on his cock, but it wasn’t very hard.

I said, “Maybe it would be more exciting to you if I rolled up on top of you in a six nine position. You could lick and play with my pussy and ass.”

It felt good to me now that he was licking my pussy and sucking my clit.  His cock did get harder and I knew it was hard enough to enter my pussy, that is if he wanted to do it that way. 

I asked, “How do you want to do it, in my pussy or my mouth.”

“Diane, let’s continue this way because I like to look at and kiss your pussy.”

I knew he would not be calling me Martha tonight if he didn’t close his eyes.  But I didn’t care if that is the way he wants to cum.

His finger was fucking my hole while he was sucking my clit. I felt as if I was going to have an orgasm right away. I started working faster on his cock with my mouth and my hand. He was beginning to groan as I had a very good orgasm.  His cock started squirting in my mouth. I worked up and down faster to make it good for him while I tried to consume all his cum. 

When we finished, I turned around in bed to lay my head on his pillow and cuddle with him. I noticed he had closed his eyes and started kissing me.  Although I had swallowed all his cum, there was remnants still in my mouth. That did not deter him from sharing an open mouth tongue twisting kiss with me.



He broke the kiss to say, “Martha, that was really great.” 

His eyes were closed and he again thought he had his wife in his arms.  I was happy for him to feel that way.

I cuddled with him while he had his hand on my pussy.  We fell asleep like this.

Sunday morning, Susan called to say she and Jim wanted me to come over to have dinner with them. I knew what that meant. After dinner we three would be in bed together. I always looked forward to visiting them. 

Dinner with my brother, Jim, and his wife, Susan, was good as usual. We had wine with dinner, but after the dirty dishes were put away, our drinks were made stronger.  We three got in the shower together and had fun soaping and rubbing each other. Both Jim and Susan dried me off and Susan took the opportunity to kiss my nipples several times.

Jim wanted to watch Susan and me together in a six nine position before he would fuck me.  Susan and I gave him a good show while we had a couple of orgasms apiece.  Jim’s cock was very stiff after watching the show and was ready to plunge in my pussy. First, I wanted to briefly take his large cock in my mouth. It was always a thrill to me to take as much of his big cock in my mouth as I could.  Then I laid on my back while he rammed the full length in me.  It was much harder and bigger than my dad’s cock.  What a thrill as he plunged in and out.  I quickly had an orgasm as he erupted a large amount of cum in me. 
