 "Dad!" Zarina screamed at the top of her lungs from the kitchen as she swallowed the last of her cereal. They were going to be late this morning and she couldn't afford another absence at school this month. "It's 8: 15...we've gotta run!"

Zarina was an average 18 year old high school student. Her grades weren't wonderful and she would rather spend her time out with her friends or with her boyfriend Marcus. She knew her dad wasn't a fan of her choice in men and noticed how he scowled every time Marcus was around. She knew the feeling was mutual as Marcus told her that he always had an uneasy feeling about her dad.

Brunette hair and exceptional turquoise eyes that shone like the sea, Zarina knew she was an attractive young woman. Today she wore a tiny black skirt and a black baby-t shirt that read: 

"Objects In T-Shirt Are Larger Than They Appear". 

Her hair was in a long pony tail and her bangs were brushed to the side. 

"Dad!" She screamed again, getting no response. She grabbed her backpack off of the kitchen counter and walked to the front door of their large condo.

"I'm coming, I'm coming." came a voice from behind her. 

Her dad, Jerrick, was a doctor at a nearby practice. He stood about a foot taller than herself and had salt and pepper hair which Zarina thought made him look distinguished. 

They're relationship had always been one of distance as neither one sought to become close with the other. Zarina's mother, Savannah, wasn't much different. She was usually more busy writing her novel than she was being a mother. 

"You two haven't left yet?" Savannah approached the condominium doorway where her daughter was standing. "You're supposed to be at school in 15 minutes. Where's your father?" She placed her hands on her hips in exasperation.

"I was just grabbing a different tie." Jerrick came up behind his wife and wrapped his arms around her. He twirled her around and kissed her passionately on the lips. Zarina adjusted her backpack and rolled her eyes. Sometimes she hated how much 'PDA' her parents showed. 

"You're in a good mood today..." Her mom giggled as Jerrick slid his hand along his wife's crotch, teasing her. 

"You have no idea how....frustrated....I am right now, Vannah." He whispered in her ear and placed his wifes hand on his crotch so she could feel just how hard he was.

Zarina threw the door open. "I'm waiting at the elevator, dad. When you're done molesting mom, I'll be outside." she pulled the door shut behind her. 

Jerrick pushed his wife up against the door. "Honey, you're going to be late," his wife smiled. He smirked and leaned in to kiss her again. 

"I'll call in sick..." he slid his hand inside her pants and rubbed his fingers against her shaved clit. "Your daughter is waiting by the elevator. Please take her to school." his wife begged.

"Spoilsport." he mumbled, pulling his hand out and grabbing his briefcase. Jerrick adjusted his pants to compensate for his growing hard-on. "We'll finish this later, then." He kissed his wife once more before heading out the door.

Zarina stood impatiently waiting by the elevator, having already pushed the button. "There's no way I'm going to be on time now," she huffed at her dad. 

Jerrick glanced at his daughter. "I'll write you a note. Don't worry, Zar." he said. The elevator dinged and opened in front of them, void of other parties. They stepped in and Zarina pushed the button for the lobby. 

"Whatever, dad." she rolled her eyes.

Jerrick was getting fed up with his daughters attitude lately. She had been missing school to hang out with her boyfriend and she had no interest in the fact that it was her final year or looking into collages. 

Zarina let her backpack fall to the ground and leaned against the wall of the elevator. Jerrick looked his daughter up and down. She was turning into a young woman and looked remarkably like her mother. As Jerrick suddenly thought of his wife, he remembered just how horny he was. He shifted his cock in his pants once more. 

The elevator screeched to a sudden halt and the main lights went out, leaving the lone emergency light. 

"What the fuck?" swore Zarina.

"Don't swear," said Jerrick, pressing the communication button on the elevator panel so that he could talk to security. The button did nothing.

"Fuck." he swore. Zarina smirked. "What the hell are we supposed to do now?"

"I dunno, wait, I guess." said Zarina. The solitary emergency light barely lit up the space around them. It was dim and the elevator was warm. Jerrick loosened his tie and glanced at his daughter, reading the words on her shirt. "Why do you were shirts like that?" he spat at her. 

Zarina scowled at her father. "'Cause I'm a whore, dad. I want all the guys to read my shirt and want to fuck my brains out." she spat back at him sarcastically. 

Jerrick narrowed his eyes at her. He was a patient man, but only to a certain degree. He was sexually frustrated and angry at being stuck in an elevator for who knows how long. His arm suddenly shot up and he grabbed his daughter by her pony tail. 

"You know, I've had just about enough of that smart mouth of yours." he growled, pulling her head back and glaring into her eyes. Zarina's mouth fell open slightly as she looked up at her dad. Jerrick pushed her up against the opposite wall of the elevator, still holding her by her pony tail. 

"Dad..." Zarina looked fearfully into her fathers angry eyes. 

"You dress like a little slut and then you make jokes about it to me? How is that fair? I'm standing here with a monster of a hard on and you just couldn't care less, could you?" he spat at her.

"Dad, I'm not..." she swallowed.

"Shut up, you little slut." he leaned in closer to her. "I think a little slut like you needs a good solid cock inside you, don't you?" While Jerrick held onto his daughters pony tail with one hand, he undid his belt with is other hand. "This will be better than anything that fuck up of a boyfriend could give you."

Zarina just shook her head in disbelief. She couldn't believe what her father was about to do. She prayed the elevator would start up again and that he wouldn't touch her. She prayed in vain.

Jerricks pants fell to the ground, revealing his tented boxers. He reached up underneath his daughters skirt and pulled her panties down. A black thong. Just what he would have expected from his little slut of a daughter. "Take them off." He ordered.

Zarina complied and removed her panties, pushing them away with her foot. Jerrick reached his hand underneath his daughters skirt again, finding a smoothly shaved cunt. "You shave your pussy for that fucker?" he yanked at her ponytail again. Jerrick began to massage his fingers against his daughters clit, finding that she was already dripping wet.

"You dirty little whore. You're already wet for me."

He shoved two of his fingers inside his daughters awaiting cunt. Probing his fingers deep inside her, he heard a slight gasp from his daughter.

"You like it, don't you? Say it. Tell me how much you want me to fuck you right now."

Zarina couldn't believe this was happening to her. She knew her dad and her mom fucked like rabbits...and did it more or less right in front of her, but she would never have expected for him to suddenly turn on her like this. She had never thought about her dad in such a carnal way before. Seeing her dads cock tenting his boxers was making her wet, though. 

She hated the fact that she wondered what it would be like to feel it inside of her. Zarina and Marcus fucked each others brains out every chance they got, and sometimes even fucked other people. Zarina hated to admit the fact that she really was the whore her dad seemed to think she was.

Jerrick tightened his grip on his daughters pony tail. "Say it, bitch. You want my cock, don't you?" Jerrick pulled his cock out of his boxers, showing it to his daughter. He gripped her hair harder and smacked her face.

"Yes."

"Say 'Yes, Daddy', slut."

"Yes, Daddy."

"Good girl." He forced his daughter onto her knees and brought her sweet young mouth up to his mature cock. 

"You're going to suck Daddy's cock now." He held tight to her pony tail and forced her to take him into her mouth, moving her head back and forth to his need.

Zarina looked up at her dad lustfully. She still couldn't believe she and her dad were doing this. She had been with mature men before, but somehow the thought of fucking her dad had never entered the picture. The picture had widened.

"You like that, don't you bitch? You like sucking on your Daddy's cock." He brought her mouth away from his cock long enough for her to answer:

"Yes, Daddy."

He shoved his cock back in her mouth and used her head again. "Daddy loves your sweet young mouth, slut."

Jerrick brought his daughters head away from his cock again and pulled her up to a standing position. He let go of her hair while he hoisted her up against the wall of the elevator so that she had to wrap her legs around him for support. He placed his shaft between her legs and teased her clit, feeling just how dripping wet his slut of a daughter really was.

Zarina could feel how wet she was. She was so turned on by the forcefullness of her father that she actually did crave his cock inside her. His teasing right now was just making it worse. 

"Daddy..."

"What do you want, bitch?"

"I want you to make me cum on your thick cock, Daddy."

That was all Jerrick needed to hear. He placed his naked cock at his daughters pussy lips and rammed it deep inside her. She let out a yelp as he did so. 

Jerrick wasn't about to go easy on his slutty daughter. He knew she wasn't a virgin and that she would take whatever was given to her. "You like my cock inside you, slut?"

Zarina let out a loud moan in response. Jerrick brought her hands above her head as he rammed his cock deep inside his daughters tight pussy. She soaked his cock with her juices. 

"Oh...DADDY!" She screamed.

"Fucking slut, I want you to cum on my cock." Zarina could feel herself about to cum on her dad's massive cock. 

"Fuck me, Daddy..." she moaned loudly as she came.

"That's it, slut." He pulled his cock out of his daughters cunt as soon as she came and forced her onto the ground on all fours. Jerrick approached his daughter from behind, grabbed her hips and shoved his cock into her pussy again. He rocked her back and forth on his cock using her hips.

He smacked his daughters firm ass and rubbed it as it turned red. He began pounding into her harder than he was able to against the elevator wall. 

"Fuck...Daddy....yeah...." she moaned loudly. Jerrick grabbed his daughter by her pony tail again, pounding his thick cock into her tight young cunt. 

"GOD!" He yelled loudly, grabbing his daughters hair tighter. "You're such a little slut." He pulled himself out of his daughter and forced her on her knees in front of him as he came on her face. 

Zarina stuck her tongue out to grab the cum that she could as it dripped off her chin. She wiped the cum off of her face and licked it off of her fingers.

"Such a little whore...you've got cum all over your face." He grabbed her pony tail again to pick her up off of the ground. He shoved her against the wall of the elevator again as he pulled his pants back on and did his belt buckle up. "I can see what that fuck of a boyfriend sees in you. You're a good fuck."

Zarina bent down to pick her panties up off of the ground so she could put them back on. "Oh no you don't," Jerrick grabbed the panties out of her hand. "Sluts like you don't get to wear panties to school."

"Yes, Daddy." she complied.

"I'm going to fuck you again when you get home from school today. You better be fucking ready, whore."

Zarina just nodded at her dad. She actually liked feeling his cock inside her and actually looked forward to coming home from school tonight and having to please her dad again. The emergency light in the elevator flickered and the light behind the elevator panel lit up.

"Hello? Is there anyone in the elevator?" came a voice from the security box.

Jerrick pressed the communication button again on the elevator. "Yeah...where the fuck have you guys been?"

"We're going to work on getting you out of there, Sir. It may take an hour or so, though. Just hang in there." said the voice.

"Fucking unbelievable," he said grabbing his daughter again. "Looks like we're going to be in here a little bit longer, bitch. I have some plans for you..."

Zarina bit her lower lip in anticipation. Her pussy was sore, and she knew her dad had more plans for her while they were stuck in the elevator...