 Chapter 1

Macarthy Winslow awoke gradually from his sensual dream. In the recesses of his sleep-fogged brain, he could see a pretty woman sucking his pulsing penis. As the cobwebs began to clear and he opened his eyes, he realized that it wasn’t a dream. Without lifting his head, he reached his hand down to the soft hair of the woman lying on the bed sucking him. He heard a moan as his hand began to encourage her movements. Slowly, his memory came back to him.

It had been an otherwise slow night at Jeffrey’s Bar when the sexy woman walked in. Mac noticed her immediately, his radar honed from years of practice. She walked with a confidence that was surprising for a single woman entering a strange bar. However, Mac could tell that it was put on confidence. He could read people well. It was how he had survived in his job. 

It took Mac about thirty seconds to offer her a drink after she sat several seats away from him. Several minutes after that, Mac was sitting beside her in conversation.

It was a little unusual for Mac to come on quite this strong with a stranger but tonight he needed someone. Every year at this time it was the same. It was the anniversary of the death of his wife and their unborn child. Although it had been ten years since Sally’s death, Mac relived it often enough that it seemed like yesterday. The image of the exploding car was etched in his brain forever. 

Mac took a drink of his rum and coke as he talked to the sexy woman. She had on a red velvet dress that was cut so low in front that it barely covered her nipples. When he gazed down past her soft and gently heaving chest, he could see a large expanse of bare thigh, because her skirt had slipped almost to her crotch. He liked what he saw. 

It had been a few months since Mac had a woman, but not because he didn’t want one. No, it seemed that at 38 years old, his desire for sex was in overdrive. However, business was so good that he unfortunately had little time for himself lately. Still, he didn’t like one-night stands. But, he knew that he might have to make an exception tonight because none of his “regulars” were available. 

He looked at the woman’s well-manicured fingers and saw the indications that a wedding ring had recently been there. Probably hastily pulled off and pushed into her purse. She appeared to be in her mid twenties—too young to be discouraged with a marriage, he thought. It didn’t bother him anymore that she was obviously married. He couldn’t have cared less tonight. That was someone else’s problem. He guessed that she was out for revenge, and he would be happy to help. 

Mac smiled across his raised glass at his new companion. She smiled back, appearing to be slightly nervous but still with obvious lust in her eyes. Mac discovered that her name was Jennifer but she wouldn’t tell him much more than that. Her reluctance to talk about herself made him certain that he had been right about her motivation. 

Within a few minutes, Mac had the lady on the dance floor. As he pulled her to his strong chest, she tensed and pulled away slightly. He smiled and opened his jacket to reveal the 9-millimeter pistol in the holster. When her eyes opened wide in surprise at the sight of the large pistol, he whispered, “Private security firm.” While the woman looked skeptical, she nonetheless melted back into his arms and he felt her shiver in excitement. Mac could have that affect on women. 

As Mac guided the woman slowly around the floor, his hands inched down her back until they were at the tops of her buttocks. He hesitated for only an instant before slipping them lower until he was cupping her firm ass cheeks. He felt her tense again but then she let out a sigh and relaxed. With that, his hand began to roam freely, cupping and kneading the soft cheeks. When he didn’t feel any panties, his penis began to harden. Probably lying on top of the ring in her purse, he thought with a smile. He pressed his now pulsing erection into the young woman. She moaned quietly and returned the pressure. Now he knew he wouldn’t be lonely tonight.

Fifteen minutes later, Mac was in the front seat of his car on the parking lot, locked in a passionate embrace with the pretty woman. The passion in her kisses told him that, like him, it had been a long time since she had been intimate with someone. Her tongue was wild in his mouth and her breasts heaved as they pressed to his chest. A little moan escaped her as his hand found its way to her soft breast. Slowly, it moved down and under the low cut top. Now, it was Mac’s turn to moan as he felt her warm flesh in his hand. He tweaked and pulled the nipple as his tongue pushed hers back into her mouth. A low-pitched wail escaped from the woman’s throat and she shuddered as if she had just had a small climax. 

Soon, Mac’s hand was pushing the woman’s legs apart. She opened them willingly, forcing her skirt high on her thighs. Slowly, his hand worked up the silk of her nylons until he reached warm bare skin. When he felt her legs open a little wider, he moved higher. Just as he thought, she wasn’t wearing panties. His finger found the swollen sex lips under the soft down of wet and sticky pubic hair. She moaned as his finger moved slowly into her willing hole. Within seconds, the woman was a raging tiger, squirming on the seat and moaning in excitement. Mac’s hand was inundated in her juice as she suddenly climaxed again.

“Oh God,” the woman moaned when her climax waned. When her body relaxed, her head turned away from him in embarrassment. 

Mac was surprised at the woman’s quick reaction to his fingers. However, he figured that she had been neglected for some time. She probably caught her husband with another woman, he concluded. Now that she had climaxed, Mac thought that the night might be over. 

However, Jennifer turned back to him, her face showing indecision. She bit her lip and then whispered, “Can we go somewhere?” Her face turned a darker shade of red.

Mac felt his penis jump in excitement. “Sure. I only live a few blocks from here.”

“Okay,” she whispered and sat back on the seat, pulling her impossibly short skirt demurely toward her knees.

Mac smiled at her as she stared out the front window in silence. He could see a steely determination in her face as her chest heaved up and down in renewed excitement. The lights of the parking lot shimmered off the exposed flesh of her breasts above her dress. Suddenly, he realized that he was staring and he turned and started the car.

A few minutes later, Mac led the nervous lady up the steps of the old brownstone house where he had an apartment. Before his wife’s death, they had planned on buying such a house and fixing it up. Maybe that was the reason he had rented the apartment not long after the tragedy. He knew that he couldn’t live in their apartment any longer. There were far too many memories.

Mac lived on the third floor of a four-storied apartment house. Unfortunately, there wasn’t an elevator in the building. However, for the first time that seemed like a benefit—he got to watch the woman’s sexy buttocks as they swayed in front of his eyes as he followed close behind her. When Mac reached his door, he stopped and pulled her to him, kissing her passionately. She responded with a moan of pleasure and melted into his arms. Mac almost sighed when he realized that she wasn’t going to change her mind. 

As soon as the door was locked behind them, Mac pulled Jennifer into an embrace again. Slowly, he pushed the shoulder straps of her dress down her arms, letting it fall at her feet, leaving her in just a pair of thigh high nylons. He felt her shiver as her now naked body pressed to his. Then he lifted her and carried her up the spiral steps leading to the loft where a freshly made bed awaited them. She felt like a feather in his strong arms. Mac, who was six-foot two and almost two hundred pounds, outweighed her by ninety pounds at least. 

After he sat her on the edge of the bed, he stood back and began to undress. He could feel her eyes on the pistol in his holster as he removed his sports coat. He smiled at her and pulled the holster off, placing the weapon inside a dresser drawer and out of sight. 

Jennifer almost sighed in relief when the gun was safely in the drawer. She didn’t like guns. However, the fact that the handsome man carried one made her adventure seem that much more exciting, even dangerous. The scar on his cheek added to his mystique and it complemented his rough good looks. Wouldn’t her husband be surprised if he could see his timid wife with such a dangerous person? she thought as a little tremor ran through her. It served him right for what he had done to her she fumed and steeled her resolve to punish him. 

Jennifer smiled self-consciously as Mac walked back over and began to remove his clothes in front of her. She watched as he pulled his turtleneck shirt over his head to reveal a strong and hairless chest. She noticed the circular scar on the side of his stomach and wondered what it was from. However, she knew it was not the time to ask as she watched with fascination as he unbuckled his belt and dropped his pants. A little moan escaped her lips when she saw the tent in his underwear. It looked quite large to her. She felt her heart rate increase. Her husband wasn’t very big but that never mattered to her. However, she never really had anything to compare it too until now. 

Slowly Mac pulled the underwear down his legs, letting his throbbing erection spring out. 

“Oh my!” Jennifer gasped and her eyes opened wide in amazement. She began to tremble in excitement.

Mac could see excitement and a little fear in Jennifer's eyes as she stared at his long, hard penis. He stood in front of her for a minute, letting her look at his body as he did the same to her. Her body was perfect, showing no signs of ever having a baby. Not that having a baby was a problem. No, Mac thought pregnant women and mothers were very sexy. He loved the maturity that came with motherhood, both mentally and physically. He and Sally had wanted ten kids if they could have them. It was always a joke with them that he would keep her barefoot and pregnant for the rest of their married life. 

Jennifer’s breasts were large and firm, with pretty pink nipples. Her stomach was flat and smooth with just a hint of very light blond fuzz, leading downward to her blond and sparsely haired pubic mound. He could see that she was a natural blond. 

Now, Mac was the one staring. He could see a glint of clear liquid trickling from between the swollen inner lips of her vagina. 

Mac went slowly to his knees in front of Jennifer. He saw a look of surprise on her face as he bent his head and began to kiss the inside of her knee and then up her silk covered thighs. He heard her moan in excitement as he pushed her knees apart, kissing higher and across the warm flesh of her inner thigh. He loved the smooth skin high on a woman’s thighs. There was something special about the feel of the protected soft flesh between the nylons and panties. It was a secret place, so warm and inviting to his tongue. 

“What… what are… are you doing?” Jennifer whispered breathlessly.

Mac looked up in surprise. “I’m going to eat you,” he said.

“Oh God. Ralph… my hus… never… uh… I’ve never had that done to me,” she stuttered.

At first Mac thought that she was kidding. He couldn’t imagine a young woman now days that didn’t give and receive oral sex. It suddenly dawned on him that this young girl was almost a virgin; something he hadn’t counted on. A smile crossed his lips and he said, “Well, I’m going to do it now.” Then he pushed her legs further apart and lifted them, forcing Jennifer back onto the bed. 

It was Mac’s turn to groan as he looked down at Jennifer’s swollen sex. Almost a virgin! he thought as he began to kiss down her thighs again. His eyes stared at Jennifer’s spread sex as his lips worked gently on one thigh and then the other. Now, he could clearly see her sex juice as it bubbled from between the swollen inner lips. Mac could even smell her excitement. She smelled so sweet that Mac’s mouth began to water.

With an animal moan, Mac dropped his head and brought his mouth to Jennifer’s pulsing sex lips.

“Ahhhhhh! Oh my God!” Jennifer screamed as she felt Mac’s lips and tongue on her sex. She had always wanted Ralph to do this but he refused. Sure, he wanted her to do him but he would never return the favor. Now she knew what she had been missing. 

Suddenly, it felt like Mac’s mouth was everywhere at once. When his tongue penetrated her hole, fireworks began to go off in her head. Jennifer wanted to make the oral treatment last but it felt too good and almost immediately, her body began to tremble as her legs wrapped around Mac’s neck and her hands grasped his head. “Oh yes! Oh yes!” she moaned as waves of electric shocks rocketed up her thighs and across her trembling body. “Ohhhhhh!” she hissed as a kaleidoscope of colors exploded behind her tightly closed eyes.

Mac’s face was deluged with fluid as Jennifer began to climax for the third time that night. He was shocked again at the speed and intensity of her climaxes. Still, he hung on and kept sucking as she bucked and screamed in pleasure. Even when Jennifer began to settle down, Mac didn’t stop. He was relentless in his oral ministrations and he loved to please a woman this way. Sometimes he thought he could do this all night, forsaking his own pleasure.

Jennifer kept moaning as her body responded to him with climax after climax. When she finally began to come down from her long climax, Mac pushed her until she was lying in the middle of the bed. Then he crawled between her legs and brought his dripping mouth to her sex again.

“Oh Jesus,” Jennifer screamed as Mac began to suck her with renewed vigor.

Twenty minutes later, Jennifer had to push Mac’s head away or risk expiring. She had lost count of her climaxes after the first four or five. Having multiple climaxes surprised Jennifer. She typically experienced one climax during sex. This night was turning out to be a real education for her. 

Mac smiled up at her, his chin dripping with her juice. He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand and then he got up from the bed and went over to the nightstand. He removed something from the drawer. 

For an instant Jennifer felt panic; that’s where he put the pistol. 

When he turned around, he held up a condom and looked at Jennifer with a question on his face. Mac saw relief and a moment of indecision in her eyes before she slowly shook her head no. With a smile, Mac threw the condom back into the draw and crawled onto the bed, taking her into his arms.

Jennifer moaned as Mac kissed her lips gently. She trembled, as she tasted herself for the first time in her young life. She moaned and sucked his wet lips between her own and felt the now familiar throbbing between her legs again. 

When their lips finally parted, Mac moved downward until he was sucking her hard nipples. He worked on one and then moved to the other, sucking like a baby and leaving his saliva shining on the swollen tip. He spent a long time working on her soft mounds of flesh. When he was done, they were heaving and blotched with red from his late evening whisker growth. He squeezed them in his strong hands, enjoying molding the soft flesh. 

Finally, Mac could take no more—he had to have her. He pulled back and looked down at the pretty woman again. She was almost shaking with need. Her legs were spread showing that her well-eaten vagina was ready for more. Then he crawled between her legs. He knelt there with his penis throbbing with need. Slowly, he lifted her legs and placed them on his shoulders. He slid forward, bringing the swollen head of his penis to the entrance of her vagina. When he touched the sensitive lips, he felt Jennifer hunch downward, trying to get him inside. He pulled back, teasing her until he couldn’t take anymore himself. Holding her legs up, he moved forward. As the head of his penis slipped slowly inside, Jennifer moaned and closed her eyes in pleasure. Mac watched as his hard flesh was eaten up by the pretty woman’s warm and tight vagina. Then, it was his turn to moan when he saw that all but two inches of his penis was inside her. However, he knew better than to force himself into her. Some women could take all of him and some couldn’t.

Slowly, Mac began to pull himself out, watching the pink lips try to hold him inside. Then he pushed back in as Jennifer groaned in excitement. With each thrust, his penis went in a little deeper until finally, his pubic hair was touching hers. She had taken all of him and was gasping for breath. Mac waited, letting her adjust. Gradually, he began to move until he was sliding in and out at a slow but steady pace. 

Jennifer reached up and pulled Mac down until he was lying on top of her. She kissed his lips passionately, almost eating him. Then her hips began to push up into him. She couldn’t believe how good it felt. It was so wrong but felt so right. This was the first man she had been with since she got married five years ago. Before that she had only had one other lover. Based on how she felt right now, this wouldn’t be the last. 

Mac began to move in and out slowly at first, building speed. Soon he began to pound into her. He felt her arms tighten around his neck and her legs wrap around his waist. With each push his balls slapped her ass cheeks, creating an echo around the room and splattering her copious juice on their thighs. A smile came to his lips as he worked the married lady to a sexual frenzy.

Finally, Jennifer lost it. “Oh God, fuck me!” she screamed. “Fuck me! Fuck me!” Her hips moved up to meet every downward plunge. She felt incredibly full and stretched. Jennifer knew how large he was, however she wasn’t aware of how much of him she had taken inside until she felt his balls on her ass cheeks. Her body began to tremble as she raced toward another climax.

“Oh God baby,” Mac moaned, “I can’t take much more.”

“Yes, cum… cum in meeee!!!” Jennifer screamed as another climax rushed through her. 

Mac felt his testicles tighten as his climax neared. “Ahhhhhh!!!” he groaned as his pent up sperm rushed down the shaft. With great force, his scalding semen shot into her willing hole, splattering against the warm walls and filling her to overflow. 

Jennifer felt as if she might pass out when she felt another man’s sperm pour into her hole. The feeling of such forbidden pleasure was too much for her as she swooned into unconsciousness.

Chapter 2

It had been a long time since Mac had been to bed with a woman that was as sex starved as Jennifer seemed to be. When he finished climaxing, he fell to the bed and then realized that she had lost consciousness. He debated waking her up in case she had to get home. However, he decided to let her sleep and gently pulled the sheet over the two of them.

Now, it was morning and Mac was wide-awake and watching her suck his penis. She did it as if she truly enjoyed it. In fact, it was almost as if he didn’t exist, he thought as he watched her lick his large shaft. 

Jennifer was lost in her own world as she enjoyed licking the swollen flesh in her fist. She felt a little guilty about how many times she had climaxed last night when he had only had one. However, if she admitted the truth, she was still being selfish. She loved giving oral sex! It was such a thrill for her to feel a penis pulsing in her mouth. She had probably done it for her husband a hundred times. It was so incredibly exciting to work him up to a frenzy and then feel his balls tighten a second before he sent his juice hurtling up the shaft and into her waiting mouth. Now, she was almost trembling at the thought of swallowing the contents of this stranger's balls. 

When Jennifer felt Mac move, she looked up and saw that his eyes were open and that there was a contented smile on his face. She moaned in response and continued to suck him, using her hand to work up and down the shaft. Soon, she felt his balls begin to tighten under her hand and knew that he was close to a climax. She squeezed her thighs together in excitement as she prepared for his sperm.
