 My name is Steve and I am of 19 years. I stand 5'11" above the ground and have a good built, however not of a footballer. Most people enjoy my company and I get around well with both, boys and girls. My parents broke up when I was 12 and my father sent me to a hostel. I studied there for 4 years after which I again started living with my father. Our relationship developed into a mature one and I started looking forward to him not only as a father but also as a friend and a guide.

Three months back my father married a girl Betty. I say girl because she was just 24 and looked even younger than that. She was very short and had a petite frame. At 5'3" she still looked like another high school student and could easily pass as one. But only a few days after the marriage, my father was promoted and had to immediately leave for Britain.

I felt sad as my father caught his flight, but my animal instincts made me feel gleeful at the prospect of being alone with my new mom. My mom was a very naïve and looked after me as her real son, unaware of my feelings towards her. I saw that she was still raw and youthful. I knew that though she was still a child, but was sure I wouldn't be able to get to fuck her easily. Hence, I decided to play with her and later trick her into the bed. I hadn't formulated any proper strategy of how I was going to do this, hence decided to follow my instincts.

We had just returned from the airfield, when my mother suddenly burst out crying. She fell into my arms weeping on my shoulders. Pulling her closer to myself I started caressing her back and found she was without any bra. "Calm down mom, its part of life. I now you must be sad but still you've got me." As I said this, I gripped her tightly pushing her boobs against my chest. I felt them rising as she breathed. My eyes were transfixed on her cleavage, out of which the tops of her breasts were plainly visible. 

She stopped crying and washed here face. Her expressions made it apparent that she was embarrassed. Bringing her ass near me she mumbled a sorry. Holding her hand, I said, " Come on, after all you are my mother." A nineteen year old with a mother of twenty-four who could comfortably pass as his date, I thought to myself. "Why don't you go to your room, let me fix today's dinner." I asked her aloud. Nodding she went to her room.

"Dinner's ready!" I called out to her. She appeared in the doorway wearing a white robe, which I recalled as the one given to her by my father. I soon realized that she was out of her mind, or who else would wear a translucent gown without a bra? 

The outline of her perfect boobs was clearly visible, while her pink nipples could also be seen through the thin fabric. As I sat down on the table, the robe parted revealing her left tit. I hastily sat down trying to hide my erection. Lost in her thoughts she didn't pay the least attention to dress. This is the perfect time to enter her juicy cunt, my mind screamed. I smiled to myself, knowing that I could easily trick her to allow my rod to enter her pussy.

"You look bushed, mom," I spoke, " I am sure you could do with some wine. It will help your nerves to unwind, and you would loosen up relieving you of this anxiety." I got up before she could utter a single word and walked over to the bar. Her tit still hung limply, while she stared at the ceiling. Taking her glass, I put a little wine into it, along with a liberal amount of a strong whiskey. I took the glass over to the table.

"Here have some." I said in the most affectionate and loving tone to her. She initially resisted but I was finally able to persuade her to drink. Taking one big gulp she drained the contents of the glass into her mouth. Immediately I got another, which she drank without hesitation. Now I started serving her neat and within another three drinks she was completely smashed. Her eyelids drooped and she stuttered. She took a deep breath and leaned back. This pulled her robe further apart exposing one of her breasts completely, while the other hung in a tantalizing way.

"How about watching a movie?" I proposed. Nodding her head, she said, " put on an interesting one." I went to my room and came back with a hardcore, in which a mother fucks her son. I hadn't seen a hotter movie in my entire life. " I hope you can bear something hot and sizzling." I said giving her a questioning look. "I can bear children, then this is just a movie," she answered, along with a sluttish smile. I switched on the movie and sat down on the floor, in front of the sofa. Mom came and sat down next to me, with her tits now visible only partially.

"It's hot here, do you mind me loosening up a little" and with that she opened her robe generously. Both her tits were now peeking from the robe. She shifted a bit, which now almost completely bared her breasts. My dick was chocking inside my pants, but I didn't do any thing to hide my erection, which was clearly visible. "I'll also loosen up a bit," I told her as I removed my shirt and pants. I was now sitting in underwear, with my mom next to me in a negligee of a gown, with both her melons staring at my face.

"Can you please massage my legs a bit, especially my thighs as it has been a tiring day." She said looking at me with a motherly smile. Without waiting for a reply she spread her legs a little. "If you want to be massaged, you'll have to do it my way." I told her. "It's fine with me" she answered, her motherly smile giving way to sluttish one. As if waiting for that reply, I quickly removed her gown uncovering her beautiful legs and then started pulling her panties down. I was on cloud nine; the world's most beautiful woman, incidentally she was my mother, was sitting next to me, completely nude, as if waiting for someone to fill her cunt. "You must be feeling a little uncomfortable, maybe I'll give you company" I said as I pulled down my underwear revealing my bulging penis. She gasped, with her eyes transfixed on my rod, which was now over 7". I placed my left hand on one of her thighs, while pushing the other towards her stunning cunt. I spread her legs wide apart exposing her completely. Her pussy was hot and wet as I started probing her. Unable to control herself she jumped on me, grabbing my penis.

"I am your mother, and I should direct you" she said in a passionate voice. Taking my penis she, started licking it rolling her bitchy tongue all over it. Mad with lust I pulled her boobs and started massaging them, pinching her nipples along with. She moaned with ecstasy as I started licking them, while I played with her cunt. Her breath became heavy, as my dick almost choke her. She sucked it as if in frenzy making me shoot cum in her mouth. Grabbing her pussy I started licking it as her moans became louder and louder. She grabbed my butt and pulled it towards her kissing me wildly all over. Excited she drowned me in her juices, as I drank honey out of her cunt.

"I want you in me right now" she ordered, pulling my cock towards her slit. Grabbing my dick she deftly guided it into her pussy. Clutching her butts I slammed my dick into her tight pussy, pulling her breasts as if wanting to tear them apart. She cried and moaned simultaneously. I pushed my cock deeper and deeper into her pussy as she shouted to me to slow down. I squirted in her pussy filling it up with my semen. We lay exhausted she still lying in my arms.

Lifting her I took her to the bathroom and washed her, still staring at her beautiful body. I slid the gown onto her and tucked her in the bed.

Next morning I didn't know whether she would remember anything or not. My pulse quickened as I saw her coming down the stairs. "What happened lat night? I don't remember clearly." She asked me. "Nothing you went to sleep while watching TV and then I took you to your room." I said giving her a smile. "I must have slept like a mouse I believe, moreover I had some sweet dreams." She spoke. I smiled slyly as she started moving towards the kitchen.