 There she was laying on the couch face down. She was wearing a night shirt that came halfway down her thighs leaving exposed most of her sexy long legs. Even the plain material of the garment could not hide her massive ass.

That ass stood up proudly almost as if calling to me. It was past midnight and I realized that she was there because she and my dad had another fight about sex. From what I heard he wasn't interested and she was practically begging for it. I couldn't understand this as I thought it would been the other way around.

My dad had let himself go and had a pot belly from eating too much and drinking too much beer. On the other hand, my mom was nearly a goddess. She stood 5'6" and weighed 150 pounds with green eyes and long black hair with just light streaks of gray running through it. Her boobs were nothing to sneeze at as they were 36D's, but her ass was absolutely stunning. Two massive pillows of soft flesh that filled out everything she wore so much that no man who saw her could avoid getting a hard on.

I just stood there watching her sleep wanting to reach out and touch it. Being only 20 years old and her son I admit I was chicken. My experiences with the opposite sex had been limited. Besides, guys do not make passes at their own mothers. I ran off to my room and did what any horny lad would have done, I jacked off.

Apparently, the very next night she had tried even harder to seduce my dad. When I came into the living room there she was laying there again this time in a flimsy nightie. I could see every inch of her legs right up to her silky pink bikini panties. The panties were very tight on her and framed her massive ass gloriously. Before I knew what I was doing I walked closer to get a better look. The closer I got the more turned on I became. I could feel the lust building in my balls.

I made up my mind that if my dad would not or could not satisfy her I could damn sure do it! Besides, if nothing else I had to at least touch that ass even if mom got pissed off at me. I carefully sat on the edge of the couch. I could not believe how wonderful she smelt. Timidly I placed my hand on her thigh and got an instant charge of sexual energy as the skin was smooth as satin. I moved my hand quickly to the top of the ass cheek closest to me. I did it quick so I did not chicken out.

Feeling her firm but soft cheek in my hand was more than I could take. But, just as I was thinking about pulling down the panties she squirmed in her sleep. This scared me and I jumped up and again ran to my room. When I got there I cussed myself out for being such a chicken shit realizing that she had not even awakened. Calming down a bit I recommitted myself to fucking my mother and, of course, played with myself again. I was disappointed as the next night my mother evidently succeeded in making love with my father as I heard the sounds of fucking coming from their room. Naturally, mom did not appear on the couch that night. 

But, even worse I did not find her there for the next week. Finally, my chance came one night after I heard them fighting. I even heard her call him a "frigid son of a bitch." Sure enough an hour later there she was in that sexy shortie nightie spread out on the couch. I felt like a man on a mission; the freedom of the whole world depended on whether or not I fucked my mother and I had better do it. This time I strolled over to the couch and sat beside that plump ass and placed both hands right on it.

In a matter of moments I was kneading both cheeks gently. I was trying to decide how to proceed from there when she began moving again. I took my hands away but stayed right there. Before I knew it she had rolled over and I was looking at her in the face. I glanced down her sexy body and melted at the sight of her boobs which were falling out of the gown. Looking down at her crotch I could see the wet spot that had formed where her thighs met. Convinced that she was still asleep I put a hand onto each breast and felt the nipples get erect in my hands. Wasting no time I pushed the material aside and gently caressed the boobs flicking the nipples with my fingertips. As I tugged, pushed, and pulled on them just a bit harder I could hear her breathing getting heavier. I looked up and saw her eyes blink as she was just starting to wake up.

She looked a bit lost as if not sure who I was. She rested a hand on my arm and moaned, "Oh, yes don't stop. OH FUCK JIM WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING? I am your mother."

Evidently she now knew who was playing with her boobs but, strangely she just laid there as I continued to squeeze her melons of wonder. "Mom, you deserve to have sex whenever you want. You are very sexy and I would love to have sex with you anytime."

She still had not moved. She clearly like what I was doing to her tits. Breathlessly she responded, "Jim, I, I am your mother. There is no way in hell we can do this."

"Mom, we already are," I smirked as I leaned down and took a nipple into my mouth as she placed a hand on my shoulder.

"Fuck, Jim, no. I tell you what you can kiss my breasts but that is it. And, you can only do it this one time only, understand."

"Yes mom," I eagerly agreed as I dove into the task at hand full force. My head bobbed from one boob to the other as I tweaked, pinched and pulled on her orbs. She ran her fingers up and down my back as she moaned in delight. I bathed her chest in my saliva as I gave my tongue a workout. These were by far the biggest boobs I had ever touched; none of the girls my own age could compare with my own mother. 

But, alas, after several minutes of enjoying those perfect tits she pushed me away and got up and went back to her room leaving me there to satisfy myself. While I was disappointed I knew this would not be my last stand with my mother's body. The next day nothing was said about our encounter; almost as if it had not happened. 

I got the impression that she was looking at me differently. I know I viewed her differently and had to do everything in my powers not to stare at her boobs that I had such fun with the previous night. I did not have to wonder long when I would have another shot with mom. As I was getting ready for bed that night I heard them argue again. My dad was yelling that he was just too damn tired. To which, my mom responded that she knew plenty of guys who wouldn't be too tired to have sex with her. The argument continued for a couple more minutes before I heard mom come out and take her usual place on the couch.

I waited in my room to make sure the argument was over and that mom was asleep. This time when I got to the living room my eyes popped out of their sockets as she had on a different shortie nightie with garter belt and stocking but no panties. She had pulled out all the stops for my dad but still did not succeed, at least, not with him. My heart was racing as I damn near ran over to her.

Moving the hem of the nightie out of the way I began caressing her ass. Getting slightly bolder I pulled the cheeks apart and ran a finger up and down her crack. I jumped out of my skin as mom spoke, "Jim, do you like my ass?"

It took me a second to get back my composure before answering, "Yes mom, it is very sexy."

"You can go ahead and kiss it if you wish, but only if you stick a finger in my asshole." I jabbed my finger into her rectum much to her delight and kissed her ass from one side to the other. As the kissing got more passionate her hips began to move egging me on. After awhile her movements became more and more pronounced until she was grinding that massive rear in my face. She was really getting into this.

As I continued my assault I was trying to decide what to try next when all of a sudden mom sat straight up. She let the straps of the nightie fall from her shoulders and smiled at me. She motioned for me to stand up and almost purring, she asked, "Do you like kissing my ass?

"Oh yes, of course I love kissing it," I lamely replied. She reached for my belt and began unfastening it.

As she pulled down my zipper she smirked, "I bet I know something you will like even better!" She pushed my pants and underwear down my legs and grasped my eight inches in one hand and cradled my balls in the other hand. 

She leaned forward and licked my cock head with her tongue barely touching it but nonetheless sending shivers up my spine. Her hand gently began rubbing up and down the length of my member as her tonguing became more aggressive. She sent another shock through my body when her lips took in the entire head. She was obviously enjoying mouthing my cock. She took in a deep breath as she gave my balls a firm squeeze and sucked the entire length of my prick into her hungry mouth.

I was now moaning out loud. She was incredible as she sucked me in and out; her hands and mouth working in perfect concert. She was now bobbing up and down my length with a fury but still working her tongue masterfully, I thought she would swallow my entire cock down her sexy throat. She gave my balls another firm squeeze and I exploded shot after shot of my thick sticky cream into her hot mouth. Even after several loads she did not stop as she appeared to hunger for my cum. 

Finally after I thought she had taken everything I had to give she let my cock fall from her mouth. She licked her lips and smiled even bigger like a cat who had eaten the canary. She told me to get down to the floor. As I did she stood up and let the nightie fall to the floor and stepped out of it. She wasted no time and laid down right in front of me and spread her legs wide. She reached down and pulled her pussy apart showing off the womanhood from which I had come. Almost matter-of-factly she asked, "Jim, how about coming and eating my pussy for me?"

My cock which I had thought was dead sprang back to life instantly. I wasted no time and had my head between her legs so quick that she couldn't rethink the fact that she had just asked her own son to eat her out. I don't know whether I was any good at eating her but, I don't think I had to be. She was so turned on it didn't take much to make her cum. I licked and sucked feverishly as she ground her hips in my face. She never told me how many times she came but from the grinding and cursing she was doing I know it was several. She soaked my face with her beautiful fluid repeatedly and kept on asking for more. She kicked me in the ass as I took my fill of her juices.

"Oh god, Jim, I need you to fuck me. Come on I want your damn cock inside my cunt." Not only did my own mom want to fuck me but she was demanding it. It was a wet dream come true.

"Oh yes, Mom Oh god let me fuck you," I answered and started to climb up her body.

She pushed on my shoulders hard until I was flat on my back. She gave my cock a torrid yank saying, "I'm on top you son of a bitch. Besides you will have more fun with my tits and ass that way."

She leaned down and gave me a hell of a sexy kiss full on my mouth as she straddled my hips. She reached down and placed my cock between her cunt lips. She began to slowly move up and down with her clit against my cock. Her speed increased until she was fucking my cock with her clit while her hands rested on my chest. This was a sensation I had never felt before.

Then suddenly, she lifted herself a couple of inches and my cock slid right into her silky cunt. It seemed to have enveloped my prick. I was firmly in her cant's grasp. She was moving up and down my cock as if her life depended on it. Our hips met each other thrust for thrust. She placed my hands on her wonderful boobs and I proceeded to maul her without mercy saying, "Oh Mom, oh fuck, you are so fucking hot, shit, oh my god."

"Jim, Fuck me you damn son of a bitch, come on give me that fucking prick, come on fill me up." Without missing a stroke she leaned down and stuck her tongue in my mouth. We kissed passionately as our hips continued to dance together my cock slamming into her twat. My hands were now covering her ass with a finger poking into her asshole. We were both getting close now.

Our speed picked up. She was using her twat muscles to squeeze my rod even harder than before. We were both now breathless and panting hard. The sweat was pouring from every part of my body. Finally, I shot first one load then another and yet another deep into her sweet little cunt.

We laid there on the floor in the afterglow of a great fuck for several minutes. We kissed each other lightly several times as I caressed her back, ass, and boobs. Much to my disappointment she told me that I had to go back to my room while she resumed her position on the couch. I knew she was right but that didn't make it any easier to leave her there. I woke up very refreshed the next morning; feeling better than I could ever remember feeling in my life.

I found mom in the kitchen still wearing that sexy nightie, but she had added panties to make herself somewhat decent. I went to the refrigerator for a drink and she stopped me. She threw her arms around me and gave me the sexiest kiss anyone has ever had even grinding her crotch against mine. I made sure to get a good squeezing of her ass in as part of the kiss. Breaking off the kiss she grabbed my erection and told me we needed to talk. It was a weird scene she was holding my rod and I had my hands on her boobs but we weren't doing anything else but talking. She told me that I was one hell of a mother fucker and she had to have more of my cock. I told her that the feeling was mutual. We ended up deciding that because of dad I would have to wait until mom came to me. She promised to make me happy quite often.

We finished our discussion with another great kiss. Mom kept her word as she came to my room at least twice a week. I never saw her on the couch again. Whenever she was successful at seducing dad she stayed in their room. But, whenever she was horny and dad wasn't willing I would find her crawling in with me for a good fuck before returning to her own bed.

My mom was pretty horny. Sometimes at dinner with dad sitting right there she would reach under the table and give my cock a stroking, I even came a couple of times. I would sneak quick feels of her boobs when dad was out of the room. But my favorite time was when dad was out of town.

During these occasions I would move into mom's room and we would fuck the night away. About six months after I started fucking mom we found out why dad may not have been interested in mom. He had a 22 year old girl friend that he was taking on his business trips with him. After the divorce and the generous settlement my mom had full time to devote to my cock and her hot little pussy. For the next three years we fucked nearly every night.

It was truly heaven on earth. We tried everything. Something's we didn't like as with water sports. But others turned out to be wonderful. One of those was fucking Mom up the asshole. At first, she refused but after a week of begging she gave in. When my cock first invaded her asshole she started to tell me to take it out.

She thought again and let me stay and before we knew it she was moaning loudly and begging for me to do it harder and faster and calling me every name in the book.

We never grew tired of each other but both realized we couldn't continue like this. We needed to find a suitable fuck mate outside the family. So, we both went on a search for the horniest person of the opposite sex we could find and even helped each other look. Happily within months we both found someone and married them. Mom and I still get together Now and then. Our spouses don't know that we still get together alone occasionally. But, we both have had to confess to them about our incest.

We felt we had to tell them or they would have wondered why we invited them for threesomes. Of course I like it best with my wife and mom and she likes it best with her husband and me. Mom and I have talked about making it a foursome but haven't brought it up to our spouses yet. Needless to say my sex life is wonderful as I have a nymphomaniac for a wife and when she isn't available mom will fuck the living hell out of me. Life is truly good.