 Erin was nervous. She was going home for the first time since she was 12 years old. Six years. Six long, lonely years. Strict years. Safe years. The train was making a clickety-clackety noise, over and over again, and she found herself automatically sliding into the rhythm as she tried to meditate, to pray, hoping for some guidance.

The door to her compartment suddenly opened and a man appeared, struggling with two bags. Noticing her, he stopped, staring for a moment, then hastily putting his bags down and removing his hat, he bowed slightly in her direction.

"I'm sorry to have disturbed you, Sister," he said. "I hope you don't mind," he added, glancing at the seat.

"No, not at all," Erin said, embarrassed. "And I'm not a Sister," she added. "I'm only an acolyte."

"Oh, I'm sorry," the man said, sitting down. "I didn't realize there were degrees of it or anything."

"It just means I haven't taken my final vows yet," Erin explained, nervously adjusting her convent robes.

"I see," the man said agreeably. "Is that something you plan on doing?" he asked.

"I'm not sure yet," Erin replied. "That's why I'm going home, to make that decision."

"Well, you have your whole life ahead of you," the man said. "It's a decision you can always make, isn't it?"

"Y-y-yes," Erin replied, surprised by the thought.

"I'm sure you'll make the right decision," the man said, smiling at her.

"Yes, I'm sure I will, too," Erin agreed, nervously twisting her hands.

The train pulled into the station and Erin got to her feet, picking up her one small bag that contained all of her worldly possessions. Nodding to the man when he said goodbye, she made her way off of the train onto the platform and stood there, looking around. It had been three years since her parents had visited her and she wasn't sure any more what they looked like.

Then she saw three people moving towards her and she realized that it was her parents and her older brother. Her heart sank when she saw them and she had a feeling of dread overcome her. She almost fell to her knees. When they got closer, Erin could see that her mother's fiery red hair was cropped short, like a man's. Her eyes were heavily made up and she wore bright red lipstick. Erin was shocked when she realized that she was wearing a man's undershirt, the kind without any sleeves, and no bra, her full breasts pressing out tightly against the thin white material, leaving nothing to the imagination. It was torn off in halter style right at the bottom of her ribs. If she bounced, Erin knew that her breasts would be visible. She wore a micro-mini jeans skirt that barely covered her ass cheeks.

Her father was dressed in a white suit, white shirt, white tie, white shoes, white hat. It was like a carnival. He was tall and broad-shouldered, over six feet. His bright blue eyes beneath his carefully coiffured hair sparkled as he smiled at her.

Her brother was dressed in skin-tight black leather pants and black boots. He was wearing a formal ruffled shirt which was unbuttoned almost to his navel and tucked into his pants. He had a big gold chain around his neck. His chest was muscled and totally devoid of hair. His hair was combed very neatly, slicked back. He had gold earrings, studs, in each ear. He looked bored.

"Well, hi, sweetheart," Bill said as he reached his daughter, awkwardly putting an arm around her and attempting to hug her. "You have a nice trip?"

"Yes, fine," Erin replied, trying not to tremble.

"Hi, dear. You look good," Jane said, leaning over and air kissing her on the cheek. "It's good to have you home again."

"Hi, mom," Erin mumbled, almost ashamed to be seen in public like this.

"Hey," Brian said, nodding at her. "You've grown."

"So have you," Erin replied, seeing that he was now taller than their father.

"Is that what you have to wear?" Brian asked, nodding at her outfit.

"Yes," Erin replied, embarrassed.

"Don't you have anything else?" Brian persisted.

"No," Erin replied.

"Well, we're not going to worry about that right now," Jane said, taking Erin by the arm. "I'll just let you go through my stuff and find something. I'm sure it will fit you."

"Might be a good outfit for a plot line," Brian suggested.

"Brian," Bill said sharply. "Enough," he said, but inwardly thinking that it was a really good idea.

Erin was asked all sorts of different questions about life at the convent high school and she did her best to explain that it like any other high school except there were no boys and when they weren't in class, they were praying or going to services.

"And you want to spend your life that way?" Brian asked as they arrived at their home, a sprawling ranch-style house on a ridge overlooking a valley that had a river meandering through it.

"I don't know yet," Erin replied, getting out of the car. "I need to decide."

"We bought this house two years ago," Jane said, sweeping her arm in an arc towards the house.

"I haven't seen you in over two years," Erin said softly.

"Oh, honey, I know," Jane said. "We've been working so hard to pay for this place and getting away was just so..."

"I understand," Erin replied softly.

"Oh, shit," Jane said as she heard the phone ringing as she opened the door. "Hot Productions," she said breathlessly into the phone.

"Oh, hi, Jason," she said, waving everyone in. "Yes, we're going to shoot that scene in the morning. You make sure you're ready, okay? Yes, I know how ready you are," Jane laughed. "See you in the morning."

"Have you heard from Tasha yet?" Bill asked, taking his coat and hat off and loosening his tie.

"Not yet," Jane replied.

"What are you going to do?" Brian asked.

"She'll call," Jane assured them. "If she doesn't, I'll do it."

"What, again?" Brian laughed.

"We've talked about this," Bill said. "We can't make the leap to the big time with just you doing everything, we need some new blood, too."

"She'll call and she'll be here," Jane told them. "Now let me show Erin to her room."

Erin followed her mother down a hallway into a room that took her breath away. It was soft and pink and full of stuffed animals with a beautiful poster bed beneath a big picture window that looked out into the valley, the pool shimmering blue in the afternoon light.

"This is so beautiful," Erin breathed, running her hand along the soft bed cover.

"Well, it's all yours," Jane said, smiling at her daughter. "You have your own private bathroom right over there and there's a door going out to the pool from the bathroom. Now come with me to my room and pick out some clothes to wear until we can take you shopping."

"I'm okay with this," Erin said, smoothing the front of her long grey skirt.

"Honey, I'm not okay with that," Jane said with a big smile. "We're not in a convent and you haven't taken your final vows. You're not required to wear it away from school."

"I'm nervous," Erin admitted, twisting her hands.

"I know, sweetheart," Jane said, moving close and stroking her covered head. "Why don't we start with this," she suggested, tugging at her head covering.

Reluctantly Erin unpinned her head covering and removed it, revealing a ringleted mass of bright red curls that tumbled halfway down her back.

"Oh, honey, you're so beautiful," Jane breathed, awed by her daughter's beauty, her bright green eyes contrasting perfectly with her hair, just like her own. "C'mon," she said, pulling her by the hand down the hallway to her own room.

"Oh!" Erin exclaimed when she entered her mother's room. A big round bed, eight feet in diameter, was in the middle of the room. The ceiling above it was mirrored, as were all the walls. It was like being in a hall of mirrors. Everything was red satin with black trim. Erin shivered at the thought that the devil would be most at home in such an environment.

Jane was opening drawers and pulling things out, making a nice pile on the bed. Finally she stopped and spun around, sitting on the bed.

"That will get you started," she said, indicating the pile of clothes.

"Oh, I can't," Erin said, looking at them. 

"Of course you can," Jane said. "I've got plenty. So take them to your room and put them away and change into something else," she said, picking up the pile and dumping it into Erin's unwilling arms. "Go on, now," Jane said, shooing her towards the door. "I'm going to go for a swim. You should join me."

"I don't know," Erin said, suddenly very uncomfortable.

"I put a suit in there, too," Jane told her as she unzipped her skirt and let it slide to the floor.

Erin gasped when she saw that her mother was naked beneath the skirt, no panties. When Jane bent over to pick up her suit from the floor, Erin's face turned bright red and she turned and hurried out of the room. She had seen her mother's private parts clearly and there was no hair, just smooth skin like a baby's.

She went to her new room, closing the door behind her, and sat on the bed, dumping the clothes next to her. She felt so alone. All of the familiar anchors of the last six years were gone. She had never felt so out of place, not even her first days at the convent. Parsing through the clothes, Erin organized them and put them in drawers, keeping out a pair of shorts and two shirts.

Glancing at the door, Erin removed her convent outfit, standing in a long undershift. Quickly removing her undershift, which left her standing completely naked for a moment, Erin pulled on the shorts, not having found any panties in the clothes that her mother had given her. At the convent they were only allowed to wear their undershifts and their overskirts. There were no panties or brassieres.

It felt strange to be wearing shorts. It had been over six years. Pulling first one, then the other shirt on over her head, Erin looked down at her breasts pushing out against them and blushed in embarrassment. Erin's breasts were her biggest source of embarrassment in life. They were bigger even than her mother's and stood very upright on her chest. She had big, silver-dollar-sized nipples. She was grateful that they weren't visible through the material.

Then, not knowing what to do, she sat on her bed and tried to meditate and pray, seeking the only solace she had known for many years.

"This is not going to be easy," Bill was saying to Jane as he sat on the side of the pool, his legs dangling in the water, watching her as she swam.

"Well, we just have to manage," Jane said, swimming up to him, holding the wall between his knees.

"She's so damned straight," Bill sighed. "I've never been around a good person before."

"Hey, watch it, bub!" Jane exclaimed, reaching up and grabbing him very firmly by the balls.

"Damn, Jane," Bill complained as she squeezed his cock.

"I'm not a good person?" Jane asked, continuing to massage his rapidly growing cock.

"Baby, you're the best there is and you and I both know it," Bill told her, a big smile on his face.

"And don't you forget it," Jane said with a laugh, staring at his now-hard cock sticking up and pressing against his bathing suit.

"How can I," Bill asked, fishing his cock out and pointing it in her face, "when you're always there to remind me," he finished, sighing as Jane opened her mouth and sucked all 10 inches of his cock into her mouth, not stopping until her nose was pressed tightly up against his stomach.

"I hate wearing a bathing suit," Brian said as he approached, sitting down next to his father.

"You'll manage," Jane said, lifting her face off of Bill's cock to look her son in the eye before going back down on Bill's cock.

"If I have to wear a bathing suit because Sister Boring is here, why are you sucking dad's cock in the pool?" Brian asked, rubbing his own cock as he watched his mother work.

"She's in her room," Jane gasped as she replied. "And I can always just stop, you can't just make a suit appear."

"How about me?" Brian asked, pulling his own now-hard cock out.

"Oh course, honey," Jane said, turning to engulf his cock while she continued pumping Bill's in her hand.

Jane alternated back and forth, sucking first her husband's, then her son's cock.

"Look, you two," Jane said, gasping for breath as she looked up at them, gripping their rock-hard cocks in her hands, "I need to get dinner ready, so just cum already....or you can do each other," she grinned.

"Go ahead, I'm ready," Bill said with a laugh.

"Sure, mom," Brian laughed. "I just love watching you suck my cock, though."

Jane continued pumping Brian's cock in her hand while she returned to sucking Bill's. It only took a couple of minutes and Bill groaned, shooting cum into Jane's mouth. Jane eagerly gulped her husband's cum, swallowing it and sucking his cock as hard as she could, trying to get every last drop. When she could suck no more cum from him, she turned her attention to her son, going down on his cock and milking him with her talented throat muscles.

"That's what I like, mom, just like that," Brian moaned, his hand twined in his mother's short red hair as she sucked him off. "Just like that...YES," he cried, exploding in his mother's eagerly sucking mouth. "Oh, yes, suck it all," he groaned, feeling his balls pulling up into his groin as they spasmed, cum gushing into his mother's mouth.

Jane gulped and swallowed her son's cum, sucking his cock as hard as she could. When she could get no more cum, she stopped, licking her lips as she looked up at him and her husband.

"Are you two happy now?" she asked, a smile on her face. "Now put your cocks away and let me out of here so I can get dinner ready," she said, pulling herself up out of the pool, standing in her thong bikini between the two of them.

An hour later Jane had dinner ready. She called out for everyone to come eat, but Erin was a no-show. Leaving Bill and Brian at the table, she went to Erin's room, knocking on the door.

"Come in," she heard quietly from within the room.

Opening the door, Jane saw Erin sitting on her bed looking forlorn.

"What is it, sweetheart?" she asked, sitting next to her on the bed.

"I feel so lost," Erin almost sobbed. "I feel like I don't belong here."

"Of course you do," Jane assured her, putting an arm around her shoulders and holding her close. "You're my daughter and we've missed you and we're glad you're home again."

"But I'm so different," Erin complained. "I've been imprisoned in a convent for the past six years."

"You were not imprisoned," Jane objected vehemently.

"Then why did I have to stay there?" Erin asked. "Why did nobody visit me except maybe once a year and not at all the past three years? Why didn't you want me?"

"Honey, we wanted you, but we just thought it was better for you," Jane told her. "We didn't want to hurt you."

"I can't even wear normal clothes without feeling weird," Erin sobbed, looking down at herself.

"You look fine," Jane told her, getting to her feet. "Now come eat dinner with us."

Erin looked up at her mother, standing there in her thong bikini. She had never seen anyone so naked before. She allowed Jane to lead her to dinner in the dining room where she sat at the table with her father and brother.

"How about a prayer?" Jane suggested, giving stern looks to both Bill and Brian when they looked at her.

"Really?" Erin asked, looking up hopefully.

"Of course," Jane replied. "Will you lead us?"

This was something Erin understood and she quickly intoned the meal prayer that she had said and heard three times a day for the past six years. When she finished Jane said amen, quickly followed by Bill and Brian. Throughout the meal they made small talk, trying to get Erin involved and feeling more a part of everything. At some point they began talking about business until Jane opined that the evening meal was no place to be discussing business.

"Since when?" Brian asked derisively.

"Brian!" Jane said sharply.

"What is your business?" Erin asked innocently.

"We have a film and video production company," Bill answered smoothly. "It allows us to work together and also to have our office here at home."

"Really!" Erin exclaimed. "I never knew you did that. What kind of films and videos do you produce?"

"Mostly geared toward the entertainment market," Jane quickly interjected.

"Do you have a studio, too?" Erin asked.

"The whole basement is our studio and production facility," Brian told his sister.

"That must be really convenient," Erin commented. "And do you work every day?"

"Usually," Bill replied with a laugh. "One day is pretty much like the others."

"I guess," Erin agreed.

"How long are you going to be here?" Brian suddenly asked.

"Brian!" Jane said sharply.

"I was just wondering," Brian complained. "I mean, is it a short visit or are you home for good?"

"I'm supposed to be deciding if I want to take my final vows," Erin said.

"And when do you do that?" Brian asked.

"There is no time limit," Erin informed him. "When I decide, I decide."

"What are you going to do while you're deciding?" Brian asked.

"I don't know," Erin answered. "It's so strange not to be at the convent with everything so planned and structured. I'm not sure what to do."

"Well, you just don't worry about it," Jane told her. "You take your time and relax and enjoy being home with your family again. We're happy you're back and you can stay as long as you like. If you want to take your vows and become a nun, then you do that; if you don't, this is and will always be your home."

"Thank you," Erin said softly, feeling better.

They finished their meal and Erin automatically helped her mother clean up afterwards. Brian and Bill wandered off and Erin started feeling uncomfortable, so she went to her room, feeling more secure in the small refuge. She eventually fell asleep and slept long and deep, not waking up until after 10:00 the next morning.

First taking a shower, Erin went to the kitchen for some breakfast and found the house deserted. Fixing herself some breakfast, she realized they must be working down in their studio. She finished eating and decided to take a stroll around the property. She found herself very impressed with the view from their position on the mountain. The river running through the valley below glinted in the sunlight as it slowly rippled along, winding along the valley floor.

Finally going back into the house, Erin decided to see if everyone was downstairs in the office/studio. The door to the basement was easy to find. It has raised brass lettering on it, Hot Productions, and beneath that a symbol that at first Erin didn't recognize. When she did, she blushed down to her toes, finally realizing that it was two people in the classic 69 position.

Now she wasn't so sure that she wanted to see what kind of productions her family was involved in. The thought was so alien to anything she had ever learned or thought, she was literally struck dumb. She was about to turn and leave when she heard her mother's laughter ring out from the other side of the door.

"I told you she'd be here," Erin heard her mother saying. "She's pulling into the drive now."

"I still think we should do the scene with you," Erin heard a strange voice say. "There's nobody better."

"That's sweet, Jason," Erin heard her mother reply. "But I think you'll enjoy doing the scene with Tasha. It is supposed to be about a very young girl and I don't think I can pull that off anymore."

Just then Erin heard the door to the house open and then close and then the sounds of footfall coming in her direction. Not wanting to be caught for some reason, Erin ducked back into the shadows of the doorway across and slightly down the hall from Hot Productions' doorway, hoping not to be seen. She was startled to see what appeared to be a very young girl walking down the hall. She was wearing six-inch platform shoes, the shortest and smallest skirt Erin had ever seen, and a very small, sheer tube top that barely restrained what appeared to be large breasts for so small a girl, for even with her platform shoes Erin could see that she was still shorter than she was and she was 5'5". In Erin's mind she looked like a grotesque caricature of a very young girl made to look older, and blatantly sexual.
