 It's been along time since my last submission. This is my first attempt at writing in this category so please let me know what you all think. As always I enjoy responding to feedback so leave me an email addy so I can get back to you. I usually like to continue my stories for at least a second part but I will leave that up to you. Thanks.

* * * * *

James Scott could hardly contain himself. He ran like the wind with a determination that would put most athletes to shame. He rounded the corner three blocks from his home and ran up to the door of his best friends house. He knocked loudly four times. 

"Hurry up Sam!" He panted.

Finally the door opened but it wasn't whom James wanted to see. It was Sam's mother Kim.

"What is it James, what's wrong?" She asked.

"Oh, uh, nothing Mrs. Martin. I just need to tell Sam something. Is he here?"

"Yes he's here, he's in his room on the computer. I thought something was wrong James. You had me worried." She said with her hand on her chest.

"Sorry Mrs. Martin." James said as he dashed by her and up the stairs.

Kim Martin just shook her head and smiled as she watched her son's best friend run up the stairs. Both her son and James were 18 and Sam had known James for thirteen of those years. They were both going to graduate in a couple months.

Sam was in his room listening to some Mp3's when the door flew open. He was surprised enough to jump from his seat.

"Dude your not going to believe it." James said starring at his friend.

"Damn man, you almost gave me a heart attack." Sam said breathing heavily.

"Dude your gonna owe me big time." James said smiling.

Sam sat back down and turned off the music. 

"Well? What is so damn important?" Sam said

"Remember how I told you about those kickass vacations my family takes to Louisiana to see my aunt and uncle?" James said.

"Yeah, you told me they lived on some lake, and about how all you did while you were down there was sit on the peer looking at girls in swimsuits." Sam said

"Well, guess where I'm going this weekend?" James said smiling.

"You suck, damn your lucky. How long you gonna be gone?" Sam asked wondering what he was gonna do without his best friend.

"Just a week, but man it's gonna be killer." James said.

"Wait, why am I going to owe you big time?" Sam asked.

"Because my mom and dad said you could go to!" James screamed.

"Really! Hell yeah." Sam shouted. 

Ever since James had told Sam about his family's vacations Sam has wanted to go but there was never enough room for him in James' family's car because of all the luggage. That wasn't a problem ever since James' dad got a huge double-cab truck.

"When do we leave?" Sam asked smiling.

"Tomorrow morning is what mom said. You should come over and tell my mom and dad thanks for inviting you." James said.

"Yeah, that's cool. Maybe I should give your mom a big hug too." Sam said laughing.

"Ha ha, very funny." James said not amused.

"I can't help it man, your mom is hot." Sam said. 

For as long as James could remember Sam had had a crush on his mom. It didn't bother him. In fact he liked that people thought his mom was pretty. Sam was always telling him that she looked like Charisma Carpenter from the television show Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Sam had even told him that sometimes when he spends the night he would steal some of James' mom's panties from the laundry hamper in the bathroom. 

As the two boys walked over to James' house they talked about all the stuff they were going to do, it was going to be killer indeed. 

"Man, I'm gonna ride my uncle's jet ski all day." James said.

"Yeah man, that'll be fun as hell. But don't forget about the girls." Sam said smiling.

"Oh don't worry, who do you think is gonna be on the back of the jet ski?" James laughed.

When they got to James' house they made their way into the kitchen. They both got a glass of tea and sat down at the table. They talked for about ten minutes then James' mom Alana walked into the kitchen. Sam jumped up and ran over to her and wrapped his arms around her.

"Thanks a million Mrs. Scott." Sam said, welcoming any chance to touch James' mom. 

"Your welcome Sam, but I can't breathe with you squeezing me." James' mom said. 

She was all too aware of what Sam was doing but she didn't care. It made her feel good that people thought she was attractive. It meant all that hard work at the gym wasn't for nothing. 

"You could make it up to me by not stealing so many of my panties. Those things are expensive." She thought to herself smiling. "Besides, it's healthy for a boy his age to have a crush."

"Oh, I'm sorry." Sam said releasing her. 

"And stop that Mrs. Scott stuff. You know it makes me feel old. Ms. Alana sounds better anyway." She said.

Sam sat back down at the table flashing a quick smile to James. James just rolled his eyes. He really couldn't blame Sam though; all of his friends were like that around his mom. She was 35 but looked ten years younger. She was a beautiful woman with dark brunette hair that had light brown streaks and hung almost to her shoulders. She worked out regularly so she was in great shape. James had heard other men call her a trophy wife and he understood. He just thought they were jealous. She was the kind of woman all the other moms wanted to look like. She kept up with the latest fashions, unlike all the other moms in the neighborhood; and she was always wearing little tank tops and low-slung jeans.

"Hey man, we should go get your stuff, then you could spend the night here. That way you would already be here when we leave." James said.

"That's cool with me. Is it alright if I stay tonight Ms. Alana." Sam asked.

"That's a good idea, its fine with me. Just be sure to tell your mother Sam." She said.

Sam and James walked back to Sam's house to tell his mom and to pack his bags. Later they came back and went to James' room and packed his stuff as well. Alana and James' dad Greg packed all their stuff too; everyone in the house loved these little vacations. 

"What do you think about this?" Alana said holding up a black bikini she had just bought.

"I think you'll be the prettiest thing on the river sweetheart." Greg said smiling.

"Thanks baby." Alana said stuffing the bikini into her suitcase.

"Well, I'm going to get a shower then we better get some sleep. The only bad thing tomorrow will be driving all that way." Alana said grabbing her towel.

"Yeah, I might be asleep by the time your out of the shower." Greg said yawning.

Alana made her way into the bathroom at the end of the hall. As she took off her clothes she surveyed herself in the mirror like all women do. Satisfied she stepped into the shower. She lathered herself up and even did a little trimming down there.

"Don't want anything sticking out while I'm tanning." She thought to herself.

Inside James' room he had already went to sleep. Sam, on the other hand, had heard the water running and was now watching stealthily through a crack in the door hoping to see Alana. Sure enough his prayers were answered when she came walking down the hallway in her towel. Sam watched as her hips swayed from side to side. From his angle on the floor he could almost see her ass as she walked by the door.

"That's so cute, he's got good taste in women too." Alana joked to herself all too aware of the pair of eyes starring at her from the doorway.

The next morning everyone got up and started to get ready for their trip. It was a hot summer day so everyone was in shorts and flip-flops. Alana wore a little orange sundress and did her hair up into a ponytail.

Once all the luggage was loaded James shouted shotgun and hopped into the passenger seat. Sam hopped in back, followed by Alana. Greg started the truck and off they went. Everyone talked to pass the time and every once in a while Alana would notice Sam starring at her out of the corner of her eye. She glanced down and saw what had his attention. Her dress exposed a lot of her legs. Sam saw her look down and quickly stopped his starring. 

"Poor boy, I hope he's not feeling too uncomfortable." Alana thought to herself.

In an attempt to lighten the tension Alana looked at Sam and smiled brightly. Sam smiled back and everything seemed normal to them both. Eventually everyone but Greg fell asleep.

When everybody awoke they were almost at their destination. There was excitement in the air as they neared James' uncle's house but Greg had been driving all day and needed to make one last pit stop. 

"Well I don't know about everyone else but my bladder is about to explode. I'm gonna stop at this store off the interstate." Greg said pulling down the off ramp.

"Good, I think we could all stretch our legs." Alana said.

The gas station was old and run down but looked normal enough. They all walked inside and Greg asked the two men behind the counter where the restrooms were. 

"Down the hall on your left mister." One of the men said.

Greg went down the dirty old hall and went into the bathroom. While Sam and James looked around for some snacks, Alana went over to the cooler and grabbed a drink. While she was bent over getting her drink she could feel the two men's eyes digging into her back. She walked up to the counter and handed the man her money. When he gave her change back he let his hand rub against hers just a little more than necessary Alana thought. She just smiled and walked toward the bathrooms.

In the hall she passed her husband but didn't say anything. A couple rednecks are nothing to get worked up over. Just as she got to the girls bathroom her son James was taking his turn. As James walked up to the urinal he looked down at the old cigarette butts and the puddle of urine on the floor, disgusted he walked into the stall. As he pulled down his zipper he noticed a small hole in the wall over the commode. Curious he peeked through the hole. It led straight through to the women's stall. Just as he was about to pull back he saw his mom enter the stall. Before he had a chance to pull back she pulled up her dress to reveal a tiny pink pair of panties. James had never thought of his mom the way Sam did but in this light even he admitted that she was very attractive. He knew what was coming next but he couldn't resist. Slowly she pulled down her panties. James' eyes got wider as her neatly trimmed bush came into view. James felt a slight twitch in his pants. Almost shocked at the sight of his partially naked mother James pulled up his zipper and walked out.

"Man, Sam would've killed to be in my shoes." James laughed to himself.

The family piled back into the truck and 2 hrs. later they were pulling into to James' uncle's driveway. James' uncle was waiting in the driveway to greet them.

"How's my favorite nephew?" James' uncle asked as he hugged him.

"I'm great uncle Jim." James said.

"Hey bro, how's it goin?" Jim said to James' dad.

"Glad to be outta the truck, my legs are killing me." Greg said.

Alana stepped out of the truck and stretched her arms skyward. With her arms up her breasts stretched the material of her dress.

"You look better every year Alana." Jim said hugging Alana.

"Thanks Jim, you've lost some weight." Alana said.

"Yeah, I've been swimming every chance I get." Jim said.

"Well who's the stranger?" Jim asked looking at Sam.

" I Sam Martin, James' friend. Its nice to meet you." Sam said.

"Same here Sam. Just call me Jim. You boys might be interested in these." Jim said as he flung a set of keys to James.

"Sweet! You know me too well uncle Jim." James said smiling.

"What are those for?" Sam asked.

"Jet skis dude, and I got dibs." James said.

"What are we waiting for?" Sam said as he and James started running toward the peer.

"You boys be careful. I'll join you two later." Alana shouted.

Jim helped Greg and Alana with their luggage then they all sat down at the kitchen table.

"Where's Jill?" Alana asked.

"She's in town. She'll be back in a few hours. She said to tell you that the lawn chairs and umbrella are in the shed. She figured you'd be wanting to get down to the peer pretty fast." Jim said.

"Well she'd be right about that." Alana said standing up. "I'm gonna get my suit on and get an early start on my tan. Tell Jill to come join me when she gets back."

"Will do. Me and Greg have an appointment with the recliners and the T.V." Jim laughed.

"Amen to that." Greg said.

Alana grabbed her suitcase and headed to the bathroom to change. She pulled out her new bikini and laid it on the counter. She stripped off her clothes and retied her ponytail. She then stepped into the bikini bottom and then tied the string that held her top together in back. After a quick once over Alana grabbed her umbrella and a lawn chair and made her way down to the peer.

James was on the jet ski and Sam was on the peer patiently waiting his turn. It was a beautiful day, perfect for getting a tan. Sam heard Alana coming up the steps to the peer and ran to give her a hand with the umbrella and lawn chair. He didn't count on seeing Alana in her bikini so soon and found it hard to look her in the eye.

"Let me help you with that stuff." Sam said looking at her feet.

"Thank you Sam." Alana said amused by his predicament. 

Sam unfolded the lawn chair and set up the umbrella. Alana stretched out and started rubbing some lotion on her legs. She looked up to ask Sam if he wanted any. But as she did she saw a bulge in Sam's pants. 

"Oh my god. He's got an erection." Alana thought to herself with a certain amount of amusement. She quickly averted her eyes and Sam was none the wiser.

"Here Sam, you don't want to get burned." Alana said.

Just then James pulled up on the jet ski. Sam hopped on and took off. 

Seeing that her son was back Alana asked if he would put some lotion on her back. She would've asked Sam but after seeing his "response" to her earlier she didn't want him to be embarrassed. James obliged and began to rub the lotion onto his moms back. He had done this every summer for as long as he could remember but this time it was different. As his hands slid over Alana's lower back images of her in the restroom wouldn't leave his head. James was so shocked to feel himself starting to get a hard on that he stopped what he was doing.

"What's wrong honey?" Alana said after James stopped.

"Uh, nothing... I as just daydreaming." James said.

"Yeah, I do that a lot." Alana said propping herself up onto her elbows.

Knowing he had to do something to cool off James said he was going for a swim. Just as he stood Alana turned around to say not to splash her with any water. What she saw made her mouth fall open. Right before he had turned Alana saw a sizable tent in James' trunks. She really didn't know what to think Her own son had gotten hard because of his mom. Greg had told her that when he was young he would get a hard on every time a woman was near. Alana just chalked what she had seen with her son and Sam up to that.

Hours went by with James and Sam taking turns on the jet ski and Alana sunbathing. Finally hunger sat in and James asked his mom if he could take the truck up to the store to get some snacks. 

"You know all too well that your father won't let you drive the truck. I'll have to drive you." Alana said standing up.

"Thanks mom." James said after he motioned to Sam to come on.

"I'll be there in just a sec let me get some clothes on." Alana said.

Alana walked back into the house and slipped her sundress back on over her swimsuit. The combination of suntan lotion and sweat made the dress almost see-through in some parts. She grabbed the keys off the kitchen table and hollered to Greg and Jim that she was going to the store.

The store was only about ten minutes away but the road wasn't paved so she had to drive slowly. About halfway there they noticed a van with the hood up on the side of the road. 

"Hey mom, stop the truck. We might be able to help." James said.

Alana stopped behind the van and James and Sam jumped out. There looked to be two men under the hood of the van but you couldn't see because of the hood.

"You need any help?" James said coming up beside the van.

"Yeah we sure could." A voice said from in front of the van.

When James and Sam finally rounded the front of the van they were shocked to see the two guys from the gas station they had stopped at earlier. To make matters worse one of them had a gun pointed straight at James. He and Sam froze in their tracks.

"Don't move, and don't say a goddamn word." The man with the gun said.

James and Sam did as they were told but it was hard to stay still because their hearts were beating so fast. 

"Now listen up you two little shits. No funny business and you might get outta this alive." The other man said.

"I want you to go back there and tell that lady to turn off the engine and come help you with something. Don't try nuttin stupid." The man with gun said pointing at James.

James swallowed hard and walked back to the truck and told Alana to turn off the engine. When she asked why he said that he needed her to hold some jumper cables. Alana turned off the motor and followed James to the front of the van. When she rounded the front of the van she immediately recognized the two men. Just when she was going to say something she saw the gun pointed right at her and she froze.

"Keep your mouth shut bitch!" The man with the gun said.

"What do you want with us?" Sam finally said.

"You'll find out soon enough." One of the men said.

"Now here's what were gonna do. You three get in the back of the van. We're going on a little trip." The man with the gun said.

Once they were in the back of the van one of the men tied them up and blind folded them. They heard their truck start up and then they felt the van come to life. They drove for what seemed like hours. All they knew was that the road was really bumpy. Finally they all felt the van come to a stop.

"Where are we?" Alana asked with a shaky voice.

"Home sweet home." One of the men said pulling the blindfold off of her head.

He then removed the blindfold from James and Sam. Their arms remained tied as they were led into an old shack. The shack was empty except for a few chairs, a table, and a bed in the corner. Sam and James were made to sit down then were tied securely to their chairs. One of the men sat down at the table as the other led Alana into what looked like a bathroom.

"Where's he taking my mom?" James asked bravely.

"She's your fucking mom? You got one hot fucking mom kid. But remember what I said about keeping your mouth shut." The man said putting his feet up onto the table.

In the bathroom Alana was shaking and her eyes were starting to tear up. Nervously she asked the man what was he going to do to them. The man stepped over to the commode and unbuckled his pants. Alana looked away as the man started taking a piss.

"I ain't decided yet." The man said.

Once he was done the man walked over to Alana. He was at least a foot taller than her and three times her size. He smelled of gasoline and oil. Timidly Alana looked up at the man. 

"You sure are fine." The man said putting his hand on her shoulder.

Alana's stomach cringed. She knew this might be coming because of what happened at the gas station. Bravely she tried to end the man's advances.

"If we're not back soon my husband will come looking for us." She said trying to keep a strong face.

"That guy that was with you earlier? Shit lady, I ain't worried about that loser finding us. Hell as a matter of a fact I ain't worried about anybody finding us out here." The man said sliding his hand down Alana's arm.

"Please don't hurt us." Alana sobbed realizing the extent of her situation.

"I tell you what, you got my word not a hair on them boy's heads will be hurt if you do me and my partner a favor." The man said putting his hand to Alana's face.
