 My beautiful wife Amy is 25 years old. She is 5'5 with long dark hair, a tight body, long legs, and nice perky breast. She's the kind of girl that turns heads when walking down the street. But the thing that really sets Amy apart from all the other girls is her pussy. She has the hottest little pussy on the face of this planet. The first time we made love she wasn't on the pill and she told me to pull out when I came. Her pussy felt so good that I just couldn't do it. I came long and hard inside her sweet little cunt. She was furious at me. She never let her lovers cum inside her. She didn't like using the pill or condoms. She would just have them pull out. For the life of me I don't know how these guys ever pulled out of her in the heat of the moment. 

I told her how good her pussy felt and of how I just couldn't help it. It felt too good to pull out. We had been dating for awhile. She loved me and we had something serious so she hesitantly allowed me to cum inside her when we made love. Afterwards she would immediately rush to the bathroom and push it all out so she wouldn't get pregnant.

When we got married her views changed. She said that since I was her husband now she would do anything for me. She would do anything to make me happy. I told her how sexy the thought of her filled up with my cum was. She then stopped cleaning up afterwards when I came inside her. I guess the thought of getting pregnant didn't scare her anymore cause after all, we were married.

At first Amy really didn't like me cumming inside her but she really started liking it after awhile. Now she doesn't want me to cum anywhere but inside her. Sometimes she likes me to hold out for a bit so I can have a big load ready for her. 

I like to talking dirty when we make love. I always tell her how hot her pussy is. "Your pussy feels so good baby. Its so tight and wet. I don't think I can pull out without cumming inside you baby. I don't see how any guy can stick their dick inside your pussy and not cum in it. Your pussy was made for fucking baby, its made to be cum in. I'd do anything for your pussy baby." This would drive her wild. I was just telling the truth. I've fucked other girls before but something about this woman's pussy was special. How soft it would always feel and how wet it would get when she was horny. The way her inner walls would tightly wrap around my cock, and the way it would milk every last drop of cum when I came. Her pussy was amazing. 

I told her how much it would turn me on if she started talking dirty to me. So she did. Oh and the things that came out of her mouth. She knew exactly what to say to get me all horny and wiled up.

My wife was also a tease. Sometimes we'll go out fresh after making love and she'll wear a cute little dress or skirt without any panties on. She'll whisper to me in public how wet and sloppy her pussy was and how she could feel my cum leaking out of her. Then she'll lift up her skirt and show me. When I saw that trail of semen running down her thighs this would get me so hot and crazy that I would rush back home so I could fuck her again and fill her up some more.

What I loved even more than fucking her pussy, was fucking her pussy after its been freshly cummed in. When I'm really horny I can usually get it right back up in a few moments. Nothing feels better than fucking her tight cunt when its all covered and coated by my cum. I told her how much I loved it and wished that I could always get it up after I came so I could fuck her cum filled pussy. Unfortunately this wasn't the case.

Then one day when we were making love and she surprised the hell out of me. She said "Since you love fucking my pussy so much when its filled with cum. How would you like to fuck your wife's pussy after its been filled with another man's cum? You always say how you'd do anything for my pussy. Wouldn't it feel good to stick your cock in my cunt while its freshly coated with someone else's cum? Then you wouldn't have to worry about getting it up again. You can just enjoy fucking my cum drenched pussy." Hearing her say that made me orgasm hard inside her.

I knew she didn't mean it. She knows how much I loved it when she talks dirty. She was just saying it to get me hot and heavy. But I couldn't shake the idea out of my head, and after awhile it started to grow on me. I became obsessed with the idea of fucking her while it was filled with another man's cum. What's the difference, cum is cum right?

Next time we made love I whispered to her "I love fucking your pussy, specially when its full of cum baby. I don't care if its someone else's cum as long as there's a lot of it. Your pussy's so hot baby." She let out a moan and started cumming. Her cunt clenched so tight around my cock that I lost it, we came together.

Afterwards she asked me "Is that true? You really wouldn't care if I fuck another man and let him cum in my unprotected pussy?" 

I slowly replied "Well yeah, as long as you tell me about it and let me fuck you afterwards. I guess its okay."

She replied "Is this what you really want? To fuck my pussy after its been freshly filled by someone else's cum?"

"Yes"

She replied "I love you honey and you know I would do anything for you." A small devilish grin broke out of her face as she kissed me good night.

The following weekend was her company picnic. I couldn't go because I was helping a friend move. She had to go to make a good impression with her boss. She was still relatively new on the job after only working there for a few months. As she was dressing up she asked me again if I really wanted her to fuck another man and have him cum inside her. I told her yes. 

"Well today might be your lucky day sweetie. Luther invited me and a couple of his clients for a private tour of his new condo uptown after the picnic. They are couple of pro football players looking to buy some property. He told me to wear something sexy. I don't intend to disappoint." 

Luther was the head guy at this small real-estate company who dealt with high profile clients. Amy was her secretary. I met him once before in a company function. He was a tall and well-built black man. He was an ex-football player. Thats how he made his connections and established his clientele. I knew he had a thing for my wife after catching him check her out a couple of times. In fact that was probably the reason he hired her. He probably thought she could help him land a few male clients. Having a pretty secretary with a hot body escorting them around the office sure didn't hurt. Luther was a stern man, he had a strong demeanor about him that always let you know he was in charge. Luther and I were alone talking. He mentioned to me how lucky I was to have a wife like Amy. And how all his male clients would hit on her and ask if she was available. He said he hoped he could find a woman just like her. I simply nodded my head in agreement and gave him a quick cheers before politely excusing myself.

Amy put on my favorite outfit for the picnic, her flowery red sundress. She looked sexy and stunning in it, yet at the same time slutty. It fit her so tight and was cut so short that you could see her panties if she were to bend over ever so slightly. Its a good thing she wasn't wearing any that day. As she walked out the door, I asked her if she planned on seducing Luther. She just gave me a wink and said "I love you, don't worry if I'm out late." I couldn't help but feel jealous as I watched her walk away.

I helped my friend move that day and all I could think of was if my wife was out there fucking her black boss and letting him cum inside her. I was so horny I almost went to my car to jerk off.

My friend and I went out for dinner and a few beers afterwards so I didn't get back until late. Amy still wasn't home! The picnic and tour couldn't have lasted longer than a few hours. Maybe Luther lived on the far side of town, or traffic was bad. I started getting butterflies in my stomach, both from worry and anticipation. But I was so tired from moving that I fell asleep waiting for her on the couch.

I woke up to the sound of the door opening. I scratched my eyes and there was Amy standing in front of the door. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. Her hair was all messed up. She was still wearing her sundress but it was wrinkled. There were wet spots all over it and the straps were torn off. I noticed that her inner thighs all the way down to her feet were moist and glistening. It looked like somebody rubbed baby oil down her legs. 

She started walking toward me. "I hope you didn't stay up for me." Then she stopped a few feet in front of me. She hiked up the hem of her dress just high enough so I could get a good glimpse of her pussy. It was radiating a strong order, I knew what it was, there was no doubt about it. The wet spots on her dress, the glistening moisture running down her legs, it was cum and lots of it! My cock sprung to life and almost burst out of my pants. She's never looked so hot and sexy.

"Honey is this what you wanted? I told you I would do anything for you. Do you want to know what happened sweetie?"

I looked at her intently, "Please tell me everything!"

Amy started telling her story. "As soon as the picnic was done Luther and I drove over to his place. He kept complementing me on how hot I looked. He couldn't believe how you would let me out wearing something like this. We met up with his two clients there. Their names were Rob and Derrick, they were both black. Neither of them were particularly good looking but they were very large men and extremely muscular. You could tell they were football players. Luther gave us a quick tour of his beautiful home. He let me lead the way even though I didn't know where I was going. I think he wanted his clients to get a good view of my ass. I caught them sneaking a peak at my crotch every time we would go up some stairs to see if I had any underwear on. We had a couple of drinks on the balcony afterwards. It had a gorgeous view of the city. The whole time none of them could take their eyes off me. They kept staring between my legs every time I crossed them. We went back in the kitchen to get more drinks. I accidentally dropped my purse on the floor. I was slightly tipsy from the drinks, so I bent over slowly to pick it up as to not lose my balance. It totally slipped my mind how short my dress was and how easily it rides up. They were all behind me so they must have gotten a long and good view of my exposed pussy as I was bending over. I quickly stood up and casually pretended like nothing happened and pulled the hem of my dress down. I tried to grab another drink when all of a sudden Luther grabbed me from behind. He wrapped one arm around my neck. He said 'Now listen here Amy, you know you can't be doing something like that in front of three grown men and not expect any repercussions. You've been flaunting your white little pussy in front of our faces all day. A man can only take so much.' I told him I was sorry but it didn't matter. He had this crazy look in his face, like he knew what he wanted and nothing was going to stop him. He ran his free hand up and down my thighs. I tried to get away but he just ripped the straps off my dress exposing my breast. I wanted to fulfill your fantasy honey, I really did, but not like this. Not in front of these other men whom I barely knew. I tried to break free but he was too strong. I couldn't do anything, I was helpless. Then I thought of you and how much I loved you and how much you wanted this. So I stopped struggling, he started kissing me softly along my neck and I let out a moan. Then he forced his lips into mine. He kissed me hard and I kissed him back. He darted and probed his tongue in my mouth and I sucked on it. Then he hiked up my dress showing my pussy to the other men. By the bulges in their pants I could tell they were enjoying the view. Then Luther picked me up and carried me to the living room and lay me down on the sofa. He said he's always wanted to fuck me from day one. He stared at my crotch and said 'Amy you got a beautiful white pussy. I can't wait to stick my big black cock in it'. He took off his clothes. His cock was beautiful. It was long, dark, and thick. I had to use both hands just to hold it. I had to taste it. I tried putting it in my mouth but the head was too big. Instead I just ran my tongue along the shaft. He was fingering my pussy the entire time and it was soaking wet. He said he couldn't wait any longer and he had to fuck me now. He reached for a condom in his pants. I told him no, that it was okay and he could fuck me without protection. I could tell by the smile on his face that this is what he wanted to hear. He said he's never had chance to fuck white women bare. They are usually too worried about getting pregnant with a black baby. I told him I was on the pill so he didn't need to worry about getting me pregnant."

I gasped "But baby, you're not on the pill!"

"But honey how could I bring you home my pussy full of cum if he had a condom on. I was willing to take the risk for you sweetie. He held me down by my waist and spread my legs. He placed the tip of his big black cock right in the entrance of my hole. He slowly started sliding it in. Oh honey it was so big. I wasn't sure if I could take it all in. But I was so wet I was able to accommodate his big black cock after just a few strokes."

I abruptly interrupted her, threw her down on the couch, and took my clothes off. I spread her legs and examined her. Her pubic hair, legs, and pussy was all covered with remnants of semen, most dried up but some fresh. I ran my fingers up her thighs to her red and swollen labia, it was sticky and wet. The entrance to her pussy was dilated, no doubt from the fucking it had just received. I could see how much cum was inside her. She was filled to the rim. I stuck a finger in there. The cum started to seep out just to make room for my probing finger. 

"Sorry its so messy down there baby. I just wanted to bring you my pussy fresh after its been cummed in by another man. Do you like your wife's pussy like this baby?"

I needed to have her. I've never wanted to do anything as bad as to stick my cock in her cum drenched pussy right then and there. Her little pussy was so stretched out and lubricated with semen that I slid my cock right in. I could feel the other man's cum coating my cock. It was gushing out of her fuck hole with my cocks every move. In just a couple of strokes the couch was soaked in cum, there was a trail running all the way down from the cushions to the floor. I could barely feel the walls of her cum filled pussy, its never felt better. "Baby there's so much cum in your pussy. How many times did he cum inside you?"

Amy continued. "Well after a few minutes of some slow grinding, Luther started to drive his big black cock into me faster and harder. He wasn't trying to savor the feeling of my pussy any more, he was fucking it to cum. His cock was so long I could feel it hit the back of my pussy with each powerful stroke. He kept telling me how good my pussy felt. I knew he was getting close. I felt his body tighten up and his cock get even harder. I knew he was about to cum. He asked me where I wanted him to cum. You always said you couldn't see how any guy could stick their dick inside my pussy and not cum in it so I decided to put it to the test. I told him he could cum anywhere he wanted. I guess you were right cause I immediately felt a huge gush of warmness flood my unprotected womb. He came so quick I don't think he would have pulled out even if I told him to. I could feel his cock throbbing as he spurted his juices inside me. It must have been awhile since the last time he came because he just wouldn't stop cumming. It felt like a water hose went off inside me! He was pumping his potent black seed directly deep inside my fertile pussy. He filled me up with so much cum that it poured out of my cunt, there was nowhere else for it to go. I've never seen a guy cum that much before. As soon as he pulled out gobs of cum spurted out of me. I could feel it flowing down the crevices of my ass. As I lay there with my legs spread open and cum oozing out of me, I didn't realize that the other guys had disrobed and were stroking their cocks. Derrick immediately took Luther's place and before I could even say or do anything he was trying to stuff his thick black cock in me. I barely knew this guy and he was trying to fuck me! And he didn't have a condom on! His cock wasn't as long as Luther's but it was twice as thick. I tried to get up but he just used his weight to pin me down. Me squirming and trying to push him off just helped him slide his fat cock further in me. After trying to get him off me a few times, I looked down and I couldn't believe it. My pussy was so lubed up from Luther's juices that Derrick was able to stuff his monster cock inside it. After pumping his cock into me a couple times I figured it was useless. He was already fucking me, what was the point of stopping him now? Honey, I hope your not mad but there was nothing I could do so I just let him fuck me. He slowly started working his massive cock in and out of me. Oh honey his cock was so thick I thought he was going to split me in half. I've never felt my pussy stretched so wide before. His fat black cock felt so good going in and out of me that I wanted him to keep fucking me with it forever. You must be right about my pussy, it must feel too good because it wasn't long before he started cumming. He didn't even ask me if he could cum inside me, he just did. His cock was so thick I could feel every pulsating movement as he came. I could feel his juices traveling from the base of his cock to the tip as he deposited it deep in me. He came so hard I could feel each stream of cum hit the back of my pussy. It must have been awhile since he came cause he left a huge load inside me."

I realized then that it wasn't just one man's cum that was coating my cock and leaking out of my wife's pussy, it was the cum of multiple men!

Amy continued "You should have seen Derrick's cock when he pulled out, it was all covered with cum. I couldn't believe that thing came from my pussy. He put his cock right next to my face and told me to clean it with my mouth. I started licking and swallowing the cum off his cock but there was so much I thought I was going to choke. I soon felt another cock going in and out of me. It was Rob's turn to fuck me. I didn't care anymore so I let him without protest. He had a big cock too. But after Derrick stretched out my pussy, he had no problem entering me. Luther and Derrick unloaded so much of their semen inside me that I could feel Rob's cock pushing it out just so he could move his cock around in there. I think my cum soaked pussy was too much for him because he started cumming after just a minute. There was so much cum inside me I couldn't even feel his juices pumping into me. All I could feel was the cum flowing out of me to make more room. I thought that it was over, and that I could go home since I had serviced all of them. But I was wrong, these men were just getting started. Luther was hard again and started fucking me as Rob made me clean off his cock. They took turns fucking and cumming inside my pussy. Then they made me clean the cum off their cocks with my mouth while the other fucked me. I couldn't believe how much cum I swallowed licking their cocks, I actually felt full. I lost count how many times they came in me. They just wouldn't stop, they were using my pussy like it was a cum bucket! When Rob and Derrick were finally exhausted they quickly got dressed and left. They said my white pussy was the best they ever had and that they would be coming back for more. Luther wanted one more turn before I left. He said 'I don't know what it is about your pussy Amy. It feels so good when I'm fucking it. I've never been able to cum so much. I've pumped all my cum in your little white cunt and I still want more.' When I finally stood up from the couch there was so much cum in my pussy that chunks of it just fell out to the floor. I tried squeezing my cunt muscles to keep it in there but it was no good. My pussy was so full that semen just kept dripping down my legs and onto the floor. I was making a mess and leaving a trail of cum as I walked out the door! Luther said not to worry and that he would take care of it. And that I should go clean up in the bathroom. But I knew how much you like it when I don't clean up so I told him that I had to go so I could get home before you. I tried holding the cum in my pussy on the way home but there was too much. It kept oozing out onto my legs and dress. I didn't know men could cum so much. I don't know where it all came from but they just kept pumping me with their black seed over and over. Oh I hope they didn't get me pregnant. I don't want a black baby. I just wanted to to make your fantasy come true. I'm sorry honey."
