 This is my entry for the April Fool's contest. Hope you like it. All characters are over the age of 18. Feedback and comments are greatly appreciated.

***

There was very little traffic on the roads that Sunday morning, which was okay by me. I, my sister and her friend Melissa were on our way into the city proper.

They often invited me to their outings, though perhaps the fact that I had a car was partly responsible for that. I really did enjoy their company though. Melissa was a fun, not to mention attractive, girl and my sister and I had always gotten along well.

"Aren't we there yet?" Melissa called out from the backseat.

"What are you, a kid?" said my sister, looking back at her with a teasing smile.

"Just saying your brother could speed up a little bit. We won't have any time to look around."

"You can drive however fast you want to when it's your car and license, Melissa. Besides, the stores don't close in, like, four hours," I told her.

"Well, I need time to find the perfect outfit," she objected. "And so does Anna."

The purpose of the trip was to buy clothes for the annual April Fools party. A tradition among our friends.

"I don't care. You're the one who always takes the longest," my sister said absently, looking at her phone.

Melissa scoffed indignantly. "Sure, take your brother's side. I'm only your best friend."

Anna sighed at her friend's behavior and rolled her eyes at me.

"Fine," Melissa said, grabbing my shoulders from the seat behind me. "Maybe Sam and I can shop on our own. I was thinking of getting some new sexy lingerie..."

That got my sister's attention.

"Ugh, cut it out. Please? I'm sorry."

She ignored her plea. "Actually, you are a pretty good driver, Sam. Maybe I can sit in your lap on the way home, so you can teach me? I've always wanted to learn how to drive a stick," she teased, giggling at her own joke.

"Oh my god. Just stop," Anna begged, sounding annoyed.

Melissa giggled, reaching around to stroke my upper chest quickly before pulling away her hands. She always teased me like that. Or perhaps it was my sister she was teasing. It always seemed to get on Anna's nerves when she did that, and she always made sure to shut it down. Which was unfortunate.

"Just kidding," she promised, my sister still staring her down.

I just sighed at their behavior, and tried to focus on the road.

Melissa was shorter than me, though still an inch or two taller than my sister. She had brown hair and pretty decently sized breasts, which she showed off as often as she could. She had a bit of a wild streak too, though she wasn't that crazy once you got to know her. Many of my late night fantasies had revolved around her.

Anna wasn't bad looking either, I had to confess. My younger sister was blonde, blue eyed and lean. She had less than Melissa in the chest region, but an even better looking ass. Not that I looked. Cute, many still called her at the age of 20. She thankfully didn't show off her body as much as her friend. If she had been anyone but my sister she would most certainly have been my type.

Two hot girls who spent almost every other day with me, yet I was still single. I was probably doing something wrong.

**

We arrived at our destination. A few busy streets in the middle of the city, which held most of what it had to offer when it came to shopping.

I payed for parking, then walked over to where the two girls were waiting for me.

"I think I'll head out on my own. I've got a pretty good idea of what I need," I told them. "Meet up with you later?"

"Oh. Okay," my sister said. "Call us when you're done. We might need a third vote on a few things."

Anna smiled and waved at me before they left. Melissa blew me a kiss instead, causing them to get into a playful wrestling match, giggling as they fought.

I walked around by myself for a while. I didn't really have anything I needed to buy. I picked up a nice shirt either way, then spent most of my time walking around and looking at shoes, electronics and anything that piqued my interest. 

I liked hanging out with the girls. However, experience told me it was better to let them finish the majority of their shopping on their own before getting involved. I sat down for a cup of coffee and relaxed for a while before deciding it was time to call them.

We met up at the store they were at. Women's clothes only, it seemed.

"Hey, Sam," Melissa greeted me, waving me over.

I circled and zigzagged through the blouses, bras and panties on display.

"Hey," I answered when I reached her. "You guys about done?"

"Mmm, pretty much," she said, cocking her head as if to consider whether that was actually true. "Your sister is still trying out some stuff here though."

She paused, and looked at me with a mischievous smile on her lips.

"What?" I asked.

"I was just thinking, maybe you could help? She was having trouble deciding."

"I guess," I conceded, willing to do anything to speed the process up.

"This way," she said, taking my hand and pulling me toward the dressing rooms.

We passed a few other shoppers on our way there. Mainly women, and the occasional bored husband. The dressing rooms were mostly unoccupied. 

"Hey, you ready for me in there?" Melissa said, talking to one of the closed drapes.

"Uh, yeah. Come in," my sister called back from inside.

Before I could say anything she pulled back the side of the drape. I was pushed inside ahead of her and she followed behind me.

The room got pretty crowded with the three of us in there, but there was still enough space between us for me to get a good look at my sister. My mostly naked sister. No one had told me she was trying on underwear. Or lingerie, I should say. Sexy lingerie.

She looked... beautiful. Way better than I would have thought. Her blonde hair was pulled back in a knot, with a few curling locks still hanging down to her shoulders. The dark, lacy fabric of the panties left little to the imagination and the bra put her breasts delightfully on display. When had my little sister gotten so hot?

The shriek pulled me out of my stunned admiration of her.

"Aaah! What the hell?!" she shouted, covering up herself with her arms. It didn't work very well.

Melissa giggled behind me, obviously amused.

"I, uh..." I tried, failing to explain myself.

"Get out!" she yelled.

Oh, right, I thought, as if it hadn't been the most obvious solution in the world.

I stepped outside, with Melissa laughing behind me. A middle aged lady gave me a funny look as I stood there, unsure what I should do.

"I'm sorry..." I said, carefully not looking back. "I didn't know, Sis."

Anna sighed from inside, loud enough to be heard over Melissa's lingering laughter. "Yeah. I figured."

A muffled thud was heard from inside, followed by Melissa's voice. "Ow! Oh, come on. That was funny. You said you needed advice, didn't you? Well... I got you a guy's perspective."

"Ugh, you're such an asshole sometimes..." Anna responded.

"But you still love me," she stated.

Anna grunted in frustration, but didn't disagree with her.

"So? Aren't you going to ask him what he thought? The damage is already done, after all," Melissa urged her. "I know you care what he thinks."

"Oh, shut up already..." Anna responded. She paused, seeming to consider it, which surprised me.

"Hey, Sam? What did you think? Be honest," Melissa said to me.

"Uh... really?" I said.

"Well... you might as well," my sister conceded.

"I didn't get a very good look, honestly," I lied. "I don't know."

"Then... I guess you could take another look," she said, in a low voice.

"Wait, what?" I blurted out.

"I mean... you've already seen me, and I really do need a guy's advice," she said, her voice pleading.

"Come on, it's only your sister," Melissa urged, sounding way too happy about it.

I looked around, making sure there was no one nearby. I couldn't help imagining someone listening in on our conversation though. Listening and judging.

I suppose I've seen her in bathing suits before. This won't be much different. Not that much.

I sighed, steeled myself and ducked inside once again.

I suppose I could have just told them she looked good. I did have time to see that much at least. But for some reason I didn't say that. Perhaps I did want a second look.

"Well?" she asked.

Anna looked amazing. Short and lean, but with curves in all the right places. Her round breasts and smooth, pale skin looked enticing in the black panties and bra she wore. I was coming to realize I would have to reevaluate my opinion of my little sister. She'd grown up to become one of the sexiest girls I'd ever laid eyes on. Why was she so shy, with a body like that?

She held her arms stiffly to the sides, looking more than a little embarrassed at being ogled by her older brother. Still, she had been the one to suggest it.

"You gonna stare all day, or do you have an opinion?" Melissa asked, a bit too smugly.

"You guys asked me to look. So I'm looking," I countered.

I already knew all I needed to know. She could get any guy to start drooling if she came before him in that. For a moment I forgot she was my sister and saw only the sexy blonde girl in front of me.

"Maybe... turn around," I suggested, milking the moment for all it was worth.

"Turn around?" Anna asked, sounding uncertain.

"Yeah."

She looked like she was going to object at first, but then she obediently spun around for me. She did have a very nice ass. Too nice. I was beginning to realize I probably shouldn't be looking at my little sister in that way.

"It's great... I mean, you look great in it, Anna," I assured, feeling a bit guilty.

"Looks like he means it," Melissa teased, pushing up against my side playfully.

"Thanks," Anna mumbled. "I appreciate it, Bro."

I left again, before things could get more awkward, to let her change into some clothes.

Afterward, she rewarded me with a cheerful embrace, fully dressed once again. It didn't seem to bother her that I'd pretty much seen her naked. In fact, the whole trip home my sister was smiling and being more affectionate than usual toward me. Perhaps getting a compliment, even from her older brother, meant that much to her. Whatever the reason; if it made her happy, it made me happy.

**

The day of the party, April first, was also a day for pranks. Particularly in our family. We were pretty hardcore about it.

The day started with Mom serving us orange juice for breakfast, with a thick layer of toothpaste on the bottom. The taste was... interesting. Dad did a whole thing about the car, switching it with a friend's similar one. Luckily he left my car alone.

My sister and I pulled some of our usual pranks. Nothing too extreme. All in all, it was a pretty tame April Fools' Day, by our standards.

We showed up at Melissa's house early, to help out with preparations. 

"Hey guys," she greeted at the door, enthusiastically hugging both of us. "Wow, you guys look hot tonight."

Anna wore a light blue dress that ended just above her knees and was partly open in the back. I had to agree with Melissa's assessment. She did look hot. I wondered if she was wearing the black lingerie underneath. 

Melissa herself wore a black dress, different in style to Anna's. It hugged the form of her body tightly all the way down to where it ended, a bit higher than Anna's, and it displayed a fair bit of cleavage.

I wore khakis and a nice gray shirt, rolled up to my sleeves.

"So, what can we help with?" I asked after hanging my jacket on the coat rack. "Anything that needs to be set up?"

"Yeah, a bunch of stuff," Melissa said, then paused to look at us suspiciously.

"What?" Anna asked.

"You're not going to prank me, are you?" she asked, eyeing us suspiciously.

I sighed. "No. We promised we're not doing that any more. Not since last year."

"You better not," she said. She gestured widely, spreading her arms. "This house is a prank-free zone, got it?"

"Come on, Melissa. We promised," Anna assured her, looking sympathetic. "We didn't think you'd take it so seriously."

"I put that shit all over Facebook. Do you know how long it took to get people to stop asking about my modeling career?" She grimaced, no doubt remembering the humiliation.

"...sorry," Anna mumbled.

"Bah! Forget it. I'll get you back some day. You won't see it coming," she announced, holding up a finger for emphasis.

"We'll look forward to it," I assured her. Smiling and patting her shoulder as I passed. My sister and I were April Fools veterans after all. No one in our family trusted anyone on that particular day.

"Where do we start?" I asked.

"Mmm... Anna, you handle snacks and Sam, come with me." She turned around and grinned mischievously towards me. "I need a strong man to move the furniture. I'll point, you lift."

I worked under Melissa's supervision, following her directions. Tables had to be moved and more chairs had to be carried down from upstairs. Melissa helped by complimenting me on my physique and excellent carrying technique.

We placed snacks and drinks in their assigned places around the rooms and checked that the sound system worked. We finished well before the first guest arrived.

**

The party was a success. No one got especially drunk. It was in the middle of the week after all and quite a few people had to stay sober for the drive home. The April Fools parties had never been about getting drunk in the first place anyway. More about hanging around with friends, which I did.

I spent most of my time chatting with people, some that I'd never met before. It was a good way of keeping track what was going on in the lives of our extended circle of friends.

I was catching up with Matt and Rick, two friends back from high school, when I noticed Anna sitting by herself on the couch by the door. I was sure she hadn't been there a moment ago, but my brotherly instincts still worried over why she was sitting by herself.

I excused myself, promising that we would meet and catch up more some day soon before I left the guys and walked over to my sister.

"Hey," I said, sitting down in the middle of the beige couch, next to Anna.

"Hi," she replied, returning my friendly smile. "Having a good time?"

"Yeah, sure. Just been talking with some people, hanging around. You?"

"Mmm... same," she answered, scooting up to me and resting her head against my shoulder. Her hands wrapped around my upper arm.

"Then what's the problem?" I asked.

"What? There's no problem," she said, in a tone of voice that indicated there was.

"You're my sister, Anna. I can tell."

She sighed and sat up straight again. "Meh, it's nothing. It's just all these new couples. Did you hear Maria is together with Brad now? And Jessica is pregnant. At our age!"

"And you don't even have a boyfriend?" I guessed.

"Something like that... Don't get me wrong. I don't want to be Jessica. I just want to..." she unhooked her arms from mine and cleared her throat, "experience stuff I've been wanting to do for a while now. Before even more stuff gets in the way," Her voice got lower as she spoke, as if she wasn't certain how to put it.

"You know you can tell me anything, Anna," I assured her, "but spare me the details, please."

She hit me. "I didn't mean anything like that! God, you're such a perv."

Her face looked a little flushed, even in the dim light of the room. I burst into laughter, unable to hold it back, which only seemed to offend her more.

"But seriously, Sis. If it's a boyfriend you want that shouldn't be a problem. I swear I spotted, like, three different guys checking you out before I went over here," I said, speaking truthfully.

If I hadn't sat down when I did, someone else would have taken my spot before long. It was part of the reason I joined her, to be honest. Even though I'd come to terms with the fact that she would date and have sex, part of me still wanted to protect her from that.

"It's not any guy. It's a guy. If you must know," she said, looking down on her hands in her lap.

"Oh." I wasn't sure what to say to that. "Well, that's... harder, I suppose."

"More than you know," she mumbled.

I looked at her for a moment before bringing her in for a spontaneous sideways hug.

"Hey, you're amazing and beautiful, little sis. If he can't see that then he's a fool, whoever he is."

That seemed to help. Anna looked up at me with a grin and leaned in to kiss me on the cheek.

"Thanks," she said, sounding happier already.

At that moment Melissa showed up, throwing herself into the seat next to me with a thud.

"Hello lovebirds," she chirped.

I realized it probably did look a bit intimate, for any that didn't know us, and released my hold of my sister.

"There you are," Anna said, sounding exasperated.

"Here I am," Melissa agreed, nodding her head sagely.

"I was looking for you. There's no one fun to hang out with here, and everyone keeps hitting on me," Anna complained.

So, I'd been right. She was getting a lot of attention.

"Oh, I know. It's the curse of us hot, single ladies. A terrible fate. That's why I came looking for your brother."

"Sam? Why?" Anna asked.

"Well, I was thinking he could act as my boyfriend for the night, to deter all the losers." She leaned in, grabbing my shoulder with one hand and my thigh with the other. "It doesn't have to be just for tonight though," she spoke into my ear in a sultry voice.

"Cut it out," Anna said, also putting her hand on my thigh. She planted the other hand on my chest, pushing me further back into the cushions. "And what about me?" she asked.

"You?" Melissa asked, cocking her head. "Well, it's an interesting idea, but I think it might look weird if you were making out with your brother."

She leaned in further and whispered conspiratorially, "Too many people know you in here. They might start to talk."

I could feel my cheeks get warmer. Melissa really was a bit too brazen sometimes. I could tell Anna was getting embarrassed as well.

"T-That's not what I meant, and you know it!" she said, hand still on my inner thigh.

"I'm kidding. Of course we can all hang out together. But seriously, when was the last time you got laid, Anna?"

"When was the last time you didn't?" she countered.

"Ouch," Melissa said, though she didn't look very bothered by the comment.

It was an odd, though not completely unpleasant, experience to have both girls hanging on to me and arguing. It must have looked, to an outside observer, as if they were fighting over me.

"I didn't mean to be rude," Melissa apologized. "I was actually thinking, if you want, I could guarantee that you'll get laid tonight."

Melissa smiled mischievously and must have hinted at something to my sister, since she immediately turned red in the face and let go of me.

"Y-You wanna, uh... help me with that?" she asked quietly.

"Of course. I had fun helping you last time," Melissa assured, a knowing look in her eyes.

I felt out of place. Like I was intruding. I didn't really want to know which guy Melissa thought she could set my sister up with either. The less I knew the better, as far as I was concerned.

"Um, right. I'll leave you girls to it," I said, standing up.

"You really don't have to leave," Melissa said, looking up at me.

"No. I've got to go talk to some people. You and Anna can stay."

"Come find me later," Melissa called after me as I walked away.

**

I avoided the two girls the for the rest of the party. Luckily, I didn't have to watch Anna suck faces with some dude, as she hung out with Melissa for the rest of the evening. She had never been the kind of girl to do that sort of thing in public anyway.
