 I had a strange relationship with my mother. After I turned eighteen, she became less inhibited around me. Maybe because she thought since I was a legal adult, I didn't mind seeing her naked, which I didn't. She would walk around after her shower without any clothes on, and she was very playful around me. When my dad was at work, she would walk around and flash me or just be plain naked for no reason. She loved showing her body to me, and I loved seeing it, but I knew this wasn't a normal thing.

But who was I to fuck with a good thing? After a few weeks, she started talking about sexual matters with me. And that didn't mean she was asking me if I was having sex or giving me the protection speech. She asked me how often I masturbated, and she told me how often she did, which was a lot considering she had to squeeze some sex with my dad in there somewhere. She had a smoking body, so I knew my dad was up her pussy whenever he could get it up. But being eighteen, I began to desire to be up her pussy too. I knew it was normal for a young man to be sexually attracted to his mother, but I was lusting after her.

She would be walking around naked, and I would accidentally brush against her, and hold her hips for a quick grind. She loved it, but I was afraid to go any further. Until finally, after groping as much of her as I could without blatantly asking her to fuck me, I decided to give her a taste of her own medicine.

Now, I wasn't the best looking guy, and my dick wasn't huge, but I was proud of it nonetheless. It was perfectly straight, and fairly thick. The head was nice and big, and even though I couldn't have been more than six inches, it was a nice piece of meat. And I wanted my mom to see it.

So after I took a shower, and I knew dad wouldn't be home for a few hours, I came out of the bathroom naked. I glanced down to the kitchen, where mom sat naked. I strolled down the stairs, trying to be cool but the excitement gave me a semi-erection. So I guess I looked pretty well-endowed, which gave me more confidence. I walked into the kitchen and my mom was surprised, but tried to hide it. She didn't say anything, but her eyes were glued, and I mean glued, to my dick. I poured myself a glass of juice, and mom got up and walked by me. She brushed very close against me, and I turned so my dick touched her asscheeks.

She stopped, and I took a deep breath and ground my dick into her. I was very hard now, almost humping her ass. She didn't move, and I cupped her tits with my hands.

"Should we?" she asked.

"You've been teasing me for weeks," I said. "I know you want it. And I want it too. So let's just do it."

Mom turned and grabbed my dick. It throbbed in her hand, and she eagerly felt it up and down. She bent down and began sucking on it. I was a virgin, and had never had any kind of sexual contact with a girl before. So I had to keep my knees from buckling as my mom sucked me off.

It felt so good, I grabbed her head and began guiding her on and off my cock. She moaned as I fondled her tits, until I couldn't take it anymore and I grunted heavily. Mom knew I was cumming, but didn't pull back. I saw stars as I shot out my first blissful load into her mouth. I pumped in and out, squirting endlessly down her throat. She took it all, and after I had finished, she continued blowing me until I got hard again.

"I want you to fuck me," mom said to me.

I complied and leaned her back against the table. She spread her legs, showing me her neatly trimmed cunt. I guided my dick to her warm pussy, and slid the head into her. She tilted her head back and sighed as I spread her pussy with my penis and slowly filled her up. After I was buried in her, she groaned and caressed my chest. I grabbed her tits and began fucking her. She made wonderfully sexy fucking noises, and her moaning and squealing was really getting me off. Before long, I was about to cum again. I was frustrated that I hadn't lasted very long, but mom just smiled.

"Let it come," she said, grabbing my balls lightly.

I grunted and closed my eyes tightly as I released my semen into her. I crushed my body against hers as I fired into her. She held me softly as I came, and it felt like I came twice as much as before. After it was over, I was exhausted. I pulled out of her, and she told me to lie down.

We went over to the couch and she got on top of me. Somehow I was still hard, and for the next five minutes we fucked like that. She came three times, and finally I felt myself start to cum. This time, mom pulled her pussy off me and she jacked me off onto her stomach. It was really sexy, and she seemed to love it. We were both tired, and we relaxed for a while. Mom let me touch her all over, and I explored her pussy and fondled her tits until I was satisfied with her body.

Over the next few hours, mom had me fill her pussy with semen over and over. We fucked and fucked, until she couldn't hold any more cum in her belly. I couldn't get enough of her pussy.