 Angela was searching her brother's desk for her calculator when she ran across an odd-looking jar of brown stuff. She picked it up and read 'Pheromonic Testosteric...' followed by a foreign word not readable or pronounceable. She removed the lid, sniffed: "Mmmh nice," she thought, noticing only a little was gone, then put it back wondering what her geek brother used it for. She found the missing calculator and went back to her room angry and vowing to yell at him for borrowing without asking. He'd even gotten the keys greasy! The jerk!

Angela lives at home and attends the area tech school in a program to become an LPN. She doesn't have the money for college so her aspirations are down-to-earth. She dreams: of working in a hospital, marrying a handsome doctor and moving out to the suburbs someday. She'll pull it off. She's an attractive 19 year-old, slender with beautiful eyes, blond hair, great legs, and blessed with nice, shapely tits. She dates - fucks a regular boyfriend - but it is tough to balance a social life with a job, school and living at home.

When her one decent pen came up missing, she stomped over to Clark's room and found the door locked. He'd been locking it often the last few weeks. She pounded on his door. 

"Clark, open up, I want my pen back!" She heard some frantic movements followed by a suspicious delay before he finally opened the door looking breathless and a little sweaty. "What were you doing in there, beating off?" she said angrily.

"Uh, no, of course not, and here's your stupid pen," he said, attempting to close the door but she blocked it with her foot and pushed her way in. As she walked past him, she smelled a musky sweet smell, sort of a mixture of sweat, mild perfume, and pine. He was wiping his hands on his pants as she made her way to his desk. Clark just turned 18 - an average-looking, geeky-smart high school senior. Ripe for teasing.

"So what were you doing, then?" she asked, examining papers and piled up desk junk.

"Just studying ... and doing some pushups," he said, appearing to cover up something.

"Well, stay away from my stuff. If you need something, just ask, Okay?" That was odd - She was almost never nice to him. What was really odd was the vague sense of arousal she felt being in his room. Her nipples had actually gotten icy hard. He was staring openly at the points on her sweater. What wasthat smell, and that stuff on his hands? From that jar she found?

She decided she'd keep trying his door until she found it unlocked. She'd catch him masturbating, or whatever he was doing in there and then really embarrass him. She tried twisting the knob a dozen times over the next couple of weeks and found it consistently locked until...

It was about 9:00 PM when she tiptoed across the hall, gripped the doorknob and quietly turned it. It wasn't locked! He'd finally forgotten. She pushed the door open and crept in. His back was to her as she catuiously stepped forward. She noticed that same musky-sweet, masculine odor from a few weeks ago and again, felt a slight sense of arousal. He was shirtless, sitting in his chair, feet on the desk, hands moving in his lap. She had him! 

She tiptoed closer until she could finally see over his shoulder. He was using both hands to rub himself with some kind of lotion. It was on his belly, cock and balls. But what astounded her was the size of the limp penis he was massaging - it was huge!

"Oh my God!" she gasped, feeling strongly aroused at his huge cock, glistening with the stuff he was applying.

"Jeez!" he yelped as he jerked out of his chair, covering up with a towel. "I... I... What... Why are you here? Get out of my room, Angie!"

She didn't move. She couldn't. She was suddenly very aroused; her nipples hardened even further. She wanted - no, needed - a closer look at that big penis. She studied biology and anatomy in her program at school, and she'd seen quite a few cocks in her life, but this was decidedly different. "Show me," she said.

"What?" he said, confused and holding the towel in front of himself.

"Show me your penis. I want to see your penis," she said, not even thinking about what she was saying. This was her little brother - shy, geeky, zits - and she was suddenly feeling horny enough to reach for his towel!

"What? What do you want? What are you doing?" he blurted.

"I just want to see your cock, so drop the towel and then I'll go away," she said, hearing but not believing she said it.

He muttered, "It works," under his breath. Then he smiled anxiously and let her grab the towel from around his waist.

"Oooh, my god!" she said, as she stared at his cock. It was long and thick, hanging limply between his legs. She was struck with a powerful desire to feel it. Part of her brain was telling her this is sick and wrong, but she could not resist. "Can I touch it?" she said pleadingly, reaching toward it.

"Sure," he said, smiling haughtily now. "Sit there on the end of the bed and I'll let you feel it."

"Your cock is so big!" she said as she wrapped her fingers around it. "How did it get that way?" As she gripped it, she felt almost an electric surge. 

"Oh, that feels really good," he said. "You know I'm a little shy and haven't dated much, and I obviously don't know about actual sex - about having sex - so I wondering if you can show me? Angie, I know you've had lots of boyfriends, so you know all about this, right? So will you teach me?"

"Nn ... Okay, I'll teach you," she agreed, her brain clouded by wanton sexual fantasies. He began to get erect in her hand as she idly fondled him. His big cock was warm, almost alive as it throbbed in her hands. She could feel her good sense being replaced by irrational lust. "We're a little ahead of where dating usually starts,” she said. “What exactly do you want to know?"

"Well, kissing, for starters, and petting? It's sort of weird for a brother and sister, I know, but you'd just be teaching me. We'd just be practicing."

"Yes, there's nothing wrong with practicing," she replied breathlessly, not understanding how she could agree to this incestuous stuff. "Let's start with kissing," and she reluctantly let go of his hardening member and stood up. She put her arms around the back of his neck and told him to do the same.

"This is hugging," she said squeezing him to her. "And this is kissing," she said, pressing her lips to his. They stayed clamped to each other's lips together for a long kiss, then she inserted her tongue into his mouth. She felt his dick respond further, pressing into her crotch.

"I like kissing!" he said enthusiastically, and pulled her tighter with his hands on her taut butt, now searching her mouth with his tongue. Then, coming up for air, he grabbed at her breasts.

"No! Not like that - like this," and she took off her blouse, bra and skirt. She brought his hands up to her breasts, holding them there and told him to gently rub and massage.

"Your breasts are nice and your nipples feel good. They got hard like my penis gets. Is that good?"

"Yes, it's very good. Now, use your fingers to pinch my nipples. Ooh, that's right, gently roll your fingers ...ugh ... around my nipples ... yes ... like that. You can suck on them if you like," and she cupped her breasts from underneath, pointing them upward toward his mouth. 

Clarke pursed his lips and sucked gently at her right nipple, then her left. Her knees began to weaken. Not from his technique, which was clumsy, but the electric, sexual feeling she got as he sucked and licked, getting her nipples wet. Her sexual arousal became stronger as her naked brother sucked her tits, his abnormally large cock pressing against her thighs and crotch.

“That's fun! I think I get the idea.” he said, then pushed her back and sat her down on the end of his bed.

"Could you give me a hand job?" he asked. “I've heard the jocks at school talk about getting hand jobs from their girlfriends."

A frantic alarm went off in her head. A hand job? My brother? But she didn't attempt to leave. Sexual activity with her brother! He ambled forward to stand in front of her. She was mesmerized as she watched that big penis swing from side to side, partially erect and slapping his thighs. Why is this happening? She reached for his cock. Why can't I stop?

"You like the feel of that big cock, don't you Angela?" he said in a confident voice suddenly so unlike her shy little brother. "So, show me what the cheerleaders do to their boyfriends."

She used first one hand and then both on his huge member. It grew larger as she stroked. The shaft became so thick she couldn't reach her hand all the way around it. It was long enough that she could grip the shaft with both hands and still leave several inches uncovered, not counting the mushroom head. Precum began to leak from the tip as she stroked faster and faster. 

She felt incredibly turned on as she stared at this huge cock in her hands. Bigger than any boy she had fucked so far. Bigger than the guys in the porno movie she and her girlfriends secretly watched at a party. It was also incredibly hard, smooth and strong feeling - more rigid and dense than any of the boys' she'd been with.

"I'm going to cum," he said very calmly. The sense of confidence and calmness he exuded was eerie, while she was so excited she could barely speak. She was getting juicy between her legs and her panties were getting wet. Precum leaked in a small stream from his cock - enough that her hands got wet and slippery. The tip of his penis was aimed right at her face as she stroked both fists rapidly up and down the meaty shaft. 

"Ugh!" he grunted just once and his cock began to pulse vigorously in her hand. He launched several ropy streams at her chin, nose and mouth. She stuck out her tongue, lapped up a glob off her lips, and as she swallowed his seed her own orgasm rippled up through her insides! He continued ejaculating for what seemed like a full minute. Cum began to drip onto her blouse and run down her hands as she massaged him, still cumming herself.

"My God!" she said, astounded at the force and volume he'd unloaded, and feeling weak after her own orgasm. The huge, pulsing cock remained hard in her hands. Much different than the boys who came and then quickly got limp and disinterested. 

"How did your dick get so big?" she asked. I've seen you in your underwear - the last time I noticed you were pretty average. And how come you're not getting soft?" She had lots of questions. "What's that delicious smell?" "Why am I even doing this?" she thought, confused and somewhat frightened of her own feelings. She really wanted him to fuck her. How twisted is that?

"It's really pretty simple. I found this sex cream on the Internet - from a porno website in Malaysia. It seems to be strong stuff. Pretty weird, huh? I've been using it for the last month to increase my virility and male attraction - something about pheromones. You can see my cock got a lot bigger! I'm also a lot more potent - I can cum four or five times and stay hard. I've even gained some muscle tone, and my zits are gone! It also said that females would find me irresistible after using it for a while, and that my sense of confidence would increase. The only bad thing is its awful smell. And the web site's gone: I get "The Page Cannot be Displayed" message every time.

"Sexual potency cream? Those things are always bullshit," she said to herself. "Four or five times?" But she couldn't ignore the obvious. He was confident, irresistible, his chest was broader and more muscular, his face was clear, and his cock was huge. Whatever it was didn't smell bad to her - so good in fact it seemed to trigger lustful desire. She wanted to do dirty things with his cock as soon as that odor registered. She started to unbutton her splattered blouse.

"Will you fuck me now?" she asked, amazed at herself for actually wanting something so perverse. She wanted him in her soaked pussy!

"No, not yet, but I need sexual release more often since I started using this stuff, so how about doing me with your hands again tomorrow. Maybe sometime you can show me what a blowjob is. Come to my room after 9:00, tomorrow," he ordered. "I'll leave the door unlocked for you."

Blowjob? Angela was very confused. Her lustful feelings for him overpowered her good sense. She felt disappointment at not fucking, but was thrilled at the thought of handling that monster penis again soon.

