 I had just turned 18, and I was always hot for a good fuck. I thought of myself as a very hot sexy girl. I stood at 5' 7 and I weighed 120 pounds. My best asset was my big tits. At 18 I was a very full 38DD. I worked out almost everyday, so my body was in the best shape. I worked out so much I had a very nice toned body. I also tanned myself so I would have a nice glow to my skin. It all went well with my silky long blonde hair and bright blue eyes. 

I always had a date for Friday and Saturday nights. I went to a private school so it was harder for me to find new men to fuck. I think during my senior year I fucked just about everyone in my school that had a big cock. I was always searching for the biggest one to satisfy my needs. All the boys my age couldn't fuck me any longer than 20 minutes. To me that was a warm up, and I always wanted more. I just loved sucking on big cock, the bigger the better. I think that was the problem, I sucked on them so long that it made the sex so short. 

It was a Monday in the middle of the school year when I got a new history teacher. He was hot! It looked like he had just started teaching classes, fresh from college. He stood about 6' 3 and weighed about 220 pounds. He was nicely built and was so fuckable! His dark jet black hair and light clear blue eyes, were the biggest turn on that I have ever seen. I was determined to fuck him before the school year was over. That is when I made my plan. 

My plan was to do really bad in his class, and have him tutor me after school. So everyday I sat up front and, kept my required white button down shirt unbuttoned just far enough for him to see my cleavage. I always hiked up my blue plaid skirt up enough to see my very tanned and toned thighs. I knew this had worked since, when he looked at me, he looked at my cleavage. Everyday he looked at me more and more. I was glad that my plan was coming together.

It was about two months until I graduated, when Mr. Smith and wrote on my test paper "See me after class!" I waited until everyone had left the class room and walked up to his desk.

I said, "What's wrong? How bad am I really doing?"

Mr. Smith said, "Your grades have dropped a lot since I have been your teacher. Why are you doing so poorly?" 

"You seem to be a very bright young lady, what's going on? Is it home? School? Your friends?" 

"Well I just don't get what's going on. I am totally lost, I study all the time and I still don't get it. I'm sorry I will try and do better."

"You have two months and then you graduate. If you don't get and A on the exam and the rest of the class work you will fail and not graduate. You don't want that do you?" 

" No I don't but I need help and I don't know what to do."

Then Mr. Smith said, "Well Becky, I can help you if you want all you had to do is ask. How about you meet me after school tomorrow and we will start then." I left his class room and went on my way home. I knew I would either get him to fuck me or something tomorrow.

So the next day, I made sure I did myself up right. I put on my favorite white lacy thong and a red lacy bar that was a size smaller then my big tits. I wanted them to almost pop out of the bra for the best effect. Men love that look, it just makes them want to take of my bra and suck on my big pink puffy nipples. I did the typical school girl look to. I braided my hair in pig tails and even wore the knee socks. This drove men crazy! I even put baby oil in between my big tits to give them a nice wet look. It also doubles as a good lube for a tittie fuck. I was all ready for school.

Most of the day was the same. Same old classes and teachers. Then history was the last class of the day, my favorite class. Just thinking about what will happen after school made my pussy wet. As usual Mr. Smith looked at my big tits and tried to teach his class. Then the bell rang and I was ready for action.

I sat next to his desk and hiked up my skirt up a little more, just enough that he could see my thong peaking through. He was going over the history text in the book as I leaned in more so he could get a better look at my tits. Every time he looked over he looked at them. 

It was about three o'clock when he finally said, "My God! You have the nicest tits I have ever seen. I'm sorry it just came out." 

I said, " Oh I know, and they are very nice you want to see?"

"Are you crazy? I am your teacher and I will get fired if I did."

"It's ok if you don't want to. I understand." Then there was a long silence.

Finally he said, "Fuck it, I gotta see them, they look so good. I can't help it." He walked over and shut the class room door. He sat back down next to me and said, "Lets seem them."

I unbuttoned the rest of my shirt, and I was in just my bra and school skirt. He said, "WOW!" Then he reached over and with both hands grabbed my tits, and massaged them. I let the straps of my bra fall off my shoulders, so he could get a better look. He bend down and was kissing the tops of my big tits. It felt really good, I wanted more. It was make me so hot. I reached around and unhooked my bra and let it fall in his hands. He reached and with is index finger and thumb the pinched and pulled on my big fat nipples. It felt so good I let out a little moan to let him know that I like it. 

Before I knew it he grabbed my hips and lifted me off my seat and onto his lap. He started sucking on my nipples and his hand slowly went up my thighs. I felt the bulge in his pants and really wanted to see what he was hiding in there. While his hand was pulling over the side of my thong I was unbuckling his pants. It was almost instantaneous when he put his fingers in my wet pink pussy, and my hands down his pants to feel that hard cock. 

I couldn't take it any more, I slowly slid off his lap and onto my knees right in front of him. I grabbed a hold of his pants and jerked them down around his ankles. I reached into his boxers and pulled out that big hunk of meat. I was surprised to see that it was the biggest, fattest cock that I have ever seen!

I said, "Oh my God! How big are you? I have never seen a cock this big before."

"It's about 10 inches long and 3 inched thick. Why, do you like what you see?" I didn't even answer him, I licked my lips and tried to swallow as much as I could. 

As soon as I did that he let out a low moan. I thought it was time to tease him some more. I took his cock out of my mouth and slowly licked and sucked the big fat head of his cock. Then I licked the whole length of his shaft. I went back to the head of his cock and each time I sucked a little harder as I went down a little further on his juicy cock. I sucked that cock half way down when I do my favorite little trick. I pulled his cock all the way out of my mouth, the in one big hard long suck I took all 10 inches in my mouth. I almost gaged but it was worth the moan that came out of his mouth. 

Mr. Smith said, "Nobody, I mean nobody has ever been able to get all of my cock into their mouth at once."

"Is this a way that I could pass your class?"

"OH YEAH! Fuck yeah, just as long as you can fuck as good as you suck."

Then I knew I had a challenge in front of me. I kept sucking and slurping on his big cock. I heard him say, "Oh yeah suck that cock. You are a good cock sucking slut aren't you? Yeah show me how much you love sucking my cock! Fucking suck it you bitch!" 


Then he grabbed a hold of both of my braids and pulled me farther down on his cock. I love it when a man fucks my face, it makes my pussy so wet. I started to finger my pussy. Then I heard him say, "Yeah show me how you play with your pussy. Yeah I like to see that pussy all wet. If you keep sucking my cock the way you are, im going to cum in your mouth."

That was fine with me, because I love the taste of cum. I said, " Go ahead and cum, I love it. Cum all over my face if you have to."

The next thing I heard was him say, "OH SHIT! Im going to cum all over that pretty face of yours!" He shot his load all over my face. It was a big load to it, started to drip down my chin and onto my big tits.

I stood up in front of him and took off my skirt and then I turned around for him to see my ass in my white thong. I slowly took off my thong and let it linger at the bottom of my ass cheeks. With both hands he reached in, and rubbed my ass.

He said, "What a perfect ass you have." Then with his hands he spread open both of my ass cheeks and sucked on my asshole. That was weird to me since nobody has ever done that to me before. He licked all the way down to my pussy. He said, "Grab your ankles." I did what he said, and was a little scared.

He opened my pussy lips and stared licking the hell out of my throbbing pussy. He licked and sucked my clit so good I was on the verge of the best orgasm of my life. 

I said, "Oh shit im going to cum! OH FUCK! Yessss!" Then he stood up and put two fingers in my pussy and fingered me to another orgasm. 

He said, "Do you have a slutty pussy?" I have never heard any guy talk dirty to me, it was kind of turning me on. 

"No." 

Then he smacked my ass. He said, "Don't lie, do you have a slutty pussy?"

I hissed back, "Yes I have a slutty pussy!" Then with out warning he slid is big fat cock in my dripping wet pussy. He rammed his fat cock into my pussy with such force it almost knocked me down. He fucked my pussy hard, it wasn't long before I had and orgasm. I said, "Fuck yeah im cumming! Fuck me harder! HARDER! Yeah that's it fuck the shit out of my tight young pussy!"

"Oh your pussy is so tight! You love that big cock in your pussy don't you! Yeah take all of that cock you fucking slut! Show me how much you loved to be fucked by a big fat cock!" 

I met his force with my force to make it even harder. The harder we fucked the more cum went all over his cock. He said, "Aahhhh! Yeah that's what im talking about! Come on fuck that dick! Yeah fuck it good! Yeah that's your dick now, show me who fucks you best!"

His hands had moved from my hips to my big tits. He pinched my nipples and said, "You have the best tits I have ever seen!" Then he stopped fucking me and said, "Turn around I want to put my cock in between those big tits of yours."

He slid his big cock between my tits and I pushed my tits together. Each time his cock got close to my mouth I sucked in the head of his cock. The next thing I heard come out his mouth was, "Stand up and sit on my desk." I did as he said and he fucked my so good on that desk. I put my legs on his shoulders for deeper penetration. He said, "GOD I love to see those big titties bounce in my face!" 

Then I told him, "Suck on my tits, and rub my clit! I wanna cum all over your cock some more!" He put his hot wet mouth on my big puffy nipple and sucked on them hard. I loved it! Then as he was fucking me he rubbed my clit. I said, "OH SHIT! I'M CUMMING!!! You asshole you make me cum so much. I'm going to have to fuck you more often!"

"Asshole huh? I'll show you asshole, you bitch!" It was about twenty minutes later when he said, "Stand up and grab your ankles again you cock hungry slut!"

I did as he said, he rammed my pussy once more. It felt so good I was starting to wonder if anyone was still in the school. As he was fucking my dripping wet pussy, he said, "Are you ready for the finale?" Before I could answer he had licked his fingers and was rubbing it around my tight little asshole. I had never been fucked in my ass, so it was all new to me. 

He pulled out his cock and rubbed the head of his cock on my asshole. Then he said, "Oh you are going to love this part, its my favorite." 

He slowly put the head of his cock in my tight asshole. It burned and hurt at first, but it felt better as he went farther in my ass. He said, "Oh this can't be a slutty little asshole can it? No I think I took your cherry didn't I?"

"Fuck yeah you did and it feels great! Come on now fuck that ass! Show me what you are made of! Yeah! Fuck it harder! Harder! Harder! I said fuck that ass HARDER YOU BITCH!"

He rammed his cock into my ass so hard it hurt, but I started to cum. He said, "Oh Fuck! Yeah that's the kind of ass I like! Fucking take it in your tight little ass! Yeah you like that big cock in you ass don't you! Ahhhh! Fuck yeah! Mmmmmm! Are you ready for me to cum you fucking whore! Because I want to cum all over those big fat titties of yours! Turn around and take it!" 

With that I turned around and he shot his load all over my big tits. It hit my face and all over my tits and stomach. Then he said, "Now be a good little girl and clean off my cock! Suck it clean, yeah suck that dick! Oh you love that dick don't you." 

I licked and sucked his big fat cock clean. My pussy was still throbing from his great fucking skills. The tight asshole I once had was streched wide. All of these are very good signs, that I had the best fuck of my life. I couldn't wait to fuck him again.

He told me, "If you want more of my cock you have to meet me at my house after school everyday until I'm done with you. You got that you fucking slut!"

I nodded my head and finished sucking his cock clean, and got up to clean my self off. I got all of my stuff together and I was almost out the door, when Mr. Smith said, "Oh Becky, you will graduate on time just as long as you keep up with the agreement."