 It all started a few months after Kathy and I got married. 

Like many young air force pilots, I shared a place with a fellow junior officer in order to split living expenses, and to afford a place nicer than one I could afford on my own. John and I had been roomies at the Academy, so following my transfer to Texas; I was quite content to become his roommate once again. John was very bright (an air force intelligence officer), but a bit of a computer nerd who was painfully shy. He was tall, slender, and good lucking, but he seemed to have terrible luck with women. I often tried fixing him up with friends or some of the female officers on base, but John was too shy to ever follow through.

As an F-16 pilot, on a fighter base, I never had any problems picking up women at the Officers' Club, and used to take a somewhat perverse delight in bringing home different women and "showing off" in front of John. I'm sure he jerked off more than one night to the sounds of me fucking some little hottie in my bedroom.

John and I had been living together for about 6 months when I met Kathy. Simply put, Kathy was the hottest woman I'd ever seen. She had the wholesome all-American looks of the high-school cheerleader next door. At 5'2, 105 pounds, she had perfect 34C tits and a tiny 22 inch waist. She had shoulder-length blonde hair, unusual light blue-gray eyes, and even white teeth that were perfectly set off by a smooth golden tan. Even though she had just turned 22, many people thought she was still a teenager, and when out of uniform, was often mistaken for one of the local high school girls. Fresh from an ROTC nursing program at Colorado State, her extraordinary good looks and her dynamic, outgoing personality, made her one of the most popular women on base with the guys.

Some of the other junior officers and their wives soon began to spread rumors about her being "easy" while in college, but her reputation as a party girl served only to enhance her stature among the sex-mad young officers. The worst rumors of gangbangs, public fucking, orgies, and scores of partners, were, however, soon discounted as lies and misinformation spread by other women jealous of Kathy's looks and popularity. There was even talk that Kathy and some of her friends danced at a few clubs from time to time in Denver on weekends to earn some extra money to help pay for nursing school. That would have been a huge risk for her, and I doubted that could be true. 

I must say though, that even if the most sordid of the tales did turn out to be true, it did not bother me--the rumors about her actually turned me on! Since high school I had always been attracted to "sluts" and would not have minded being married to one. It seemed, though, that Kathy did not fit that description

That said, I knew she had had many sexual experiences in high school and college; she used to tell me stories of her past sexual exploits to get me hotter while we fucked. I was sure she embellished some of the stories to make it better for me, and, from time to time, she hinted that she would not mind "acting out" some of my voyeuristic, "girlfriend and wife-sharing" fantasies if I really wanted her to. I told her I was eager to try that at some point in the future, but I did not really think she was serious about it; I thought she was only trying to please my more wicked nature.

Kathy and I started dating within two months of her arrival on base, and we were married a year later. She kept her own small apartment during our engagement, as she did not believe in living together before marriage. Wanting to save money for a house of our own, and unwilling to leave John in the lurch, I suggested that my new bride simply move in with my roommate and me. Kathy agreed wholeheartedly, and, following the return from our Mexican honeymoon, she moved into the house I shared with John.

From the start, everything went extremely well. Kathy and John liked each other well enough, and none of us had any personality quirks or bad habits that caused conflict. Kathy thought John was "sweet and cute," though a bit of a nerd who was too shy for his own good.

After a month or so, I noticed that Kathy was becoming very relaxed around John. Not a modest woman by nature, she frequently walked around the house in half tops or baby-Ts and shorts. Oftentimes, the tops barely covered the bottoms of her bouncy tits and the shorts barely contained the curve of her ass. On occasion, she would even appear in the common areas of the house in nothing but bra and panties and then cover up only when she "discovered" that John was already in the room.

I also noticed that, during sex, she seemed to be more loud and vocal when John was home than when he wasn't. At first, I thought I was imaging it, so I decided to conduct a little experiment.

One Friday, when John was out on a rare date, I purposely got Kathy a little tipsy and brought her into our bedroom for some hot fucking. She always seemed to be a tad bit louder when drunk, so I thought I'd see how loud she was without John around. She was wearing her usual summertime outfit of a cropped halter-top and tiny shorts, and I quickly removed them from her tight little body. Peeling off her panties, I lay between her legs and started to lick and fingerfuck her bald little pussy.

Cooing and sighing, Kathy spread her legs wider and shoved her cunt at my face. Her moans and whimpers filled the air as I expertly ate her hot fuckhole. "That's it, Baby," she sighed. "Eat that cunt...eat it good...make me cream all over your sexy face." 

Despite the fact that I had fucked about a dozen different women, I had never heard one talk as dirty as Kathy (Well, since this girl Dawn in high school, but that's another story!) and her filthy talk never failed to greatly excite me. Soon I was humping the bed in rhythm to my licking and finger fucking as Kathy squirmed erotically all over the spread.

"Come on, Fucker," she urged softly. "Suck that pussy, stick your finger in there while you suck all over it. Mmmmm, you sure know how to eat pussy, Baby." 

After 10 minutes of my licking and sucking, Kathy's breathing became more ragged and she was panting continuously. Grabbing the back of my head, she churned her hips wildly in little circles and rubbed her shaved pussy all over my face. I could sense she was about to cum, and my cock throbbed widely as I brought my gorgeous new wife to orgasm. 

"Ahhhhh!" She whined softly as she thrashed around feebly on the bed. "You did it, you fucking bastard, you did it. You made me cuummmm. You made my pretty pussy cum!" 

The combination of her moans and whimpers, coupled with her dirty talk already had me on the edge. I should not have been humping the bed as I ate her, but the sensation just felt too good to stop. Kneeling up, I fisted my leaking, rock hard cock and pointed it at her drooling pussyhole. 

Looking up at me with pure desire, her golden hair around her head like an angelic halo, Kathy begged, "Fuck me like a slut, Baby. Fuck me like the nasty whore I am." 

The incongruity of her naughty words with the picture portrayed by her wholesome beauty made my cock lurch in my hand.

"Push it in, Baby," she whined as she pried her tiny cunt open with her fingers. "Push it in me now before you cum too soon. Please, Baby, get it in there, please!"

Biting my lower lip in concentration, I pushed my engorged cockhead against her smooth pussylips hoping to bury my 7-inch cock into her cunt before I sprayed my load all over her flat belly and golden tits. Kathy pouted seductively up at me as I finally slotted my cock between her slippery cunt lips and shoved hard.

"Ohhh God!" She whimpered softly. "That's it, Troy! Fuck it! Fuck that pussy! Fuck your baby slut with that big ole cock! Come on, Baby; make me take it!" 

I could feel her tight pussy clamp down on my throbbing cock as I tried hard to push my prick all the way into her clasping cunthole. 

Looking up with me with her big gray eyes shining, Kathy urged, "Call me a slut, Baby! Call me a little slut and fuck me like I'm your bitch! You can do it! Come on, you can do it! I like being called those kinds of names, Baby. Don't look at me as your wife, look at me like a cheap whore for you to use."

Ignoring her incendiary words and holding my twitching cock deep inside my wife's clenching cooze, I bit down hard on the inside of my cheek and started to stroke my throbbing boner in and out of Kathy's gooey cunthole. No way could I call her a slut, but I sure could fuck her like one! I managed to work in five good strokes before Kathy's filthy mutterings, coupled with the tightness of her velvet-like pussy, overloaded my senses.

"Agghhhh," I howled as I fired a huge spurt of cum deep into her twisty belly. "Ohhh fuck! I'm cumming in you! I'm fucking cumming in you!

"Not yet," Kathy whimpered. "Not yet! Oh no, don't cum yet! Please not yet! Keep going Troy, don't cum yet! Please, keep going!"

"Too late, Baby," I responded with a happy, satisfied sigh as my cock jerked and throbbed in her cunt, filling her hot hole with sperm. "You are just to fucking hot for me to last long in you. Damn you are so fucking sexy. That was a great fuck!"

And with that, I rolled off her and fell asleep.

The next night, Kathy and I went to a party hosted by my boss. Almost all of the people in attendance were my squadron mates and their wives or girlfriends. Kathy did not know many of them, and I was a bit concerned she would be bored or feel out of place. Fortunately her two best friends, Amy and Beth, were there, and she spent much of the evening drinking and talking with them. Amy and Beth were also both attractive women and many of the false rumors about Kathy contained references to those "sluts Amy and Beth" as well. All three had been popular at CSU, and some of the other junior officers remembered them from their days there together in ROTC. As some of the single, and even married men, congregated around the three attractive women, I noticed that Kathy was doing a bit more flirting than I had ever noticed before; however, I figured she felt safer about flirting now that she was married and that people would not mistake her actions as a come on.

I was happy to see her enjoying herself with my friends and she even allowed by boss, Steve, and some of the other men to dance with her in the living room where the music system was located. Kathy was an amazing dancer, and I loved watching her shake her little ass in rhythm to the thumping music. Around midnight, though, I noticed Kathy with the flushed face that signaled she was getting a bit tipsy, so I decided to take her home and put part two of my test in effect.

At first, Kathy protested about leaving, but when I promised her I'd lick her pussy all she wanted, she quickly grabbed her purse and said goodbye to Beth and Amy.

As I opened the door to our house, I urged Kathy to be quiet so as not to wake John who was probably already sleeping. Sure enough, the house was dark and I had seen John's car in the driveway, so I knew he was home. Leaving Kathy in the living room, I went to check the back door, as John had a tendency not to check the locks before turning in. When I got back to the living room, Kathy had already stripped off her tight jeans, halter-top, and bra and was sprawled on her back on the couch. 

"Come on, Baby," she smiled seductively. "Come fuck your naughty little wife."

"In the bedroom." I responded, trying to pull her up. "Let's go into the bedroom, Honey. We don't want John to hear us."

"Aww, Baby," she replied with a pout. "His door's closed, he can't hear anything. I won't be too loud; I promise."

She had a point: if she were as quite as she had been the night before, there was no way John would hear us. Now I'd get a chance to see if my suspicions were correct. 

Kneeling on the floor next to the couch I begin to kiss Kathy and to caress her big firm tits. I felt her moan into my mouth as I squeezed her titties and lightly rubbed her hardening nipples. Sliding my hand down her hard stomach, I dipped into her panties and begin to slide my index finger in and out of her already slick pussyhole. 

"Ohhh, yes!" She sighed softly, "Finger that cunt, Troy! Finger me good!" 

I complied with her request and slide my finger slowly in and out of her as she lay back and gurgled her delight. After a few minutes she pulled my hand out of her panties and shoved my wet finger into her mouth. 

"Damn, I taste good! "Mmy slightly drunk wife moaned as she sucked hard on my finger. "I love the taste of pussy cream. Not quite as good as cum, but I love it just the same!"

"Mmmm," I moaned. "You love the taste of your pussy cream, huh, Baby?"

"Yesss!" She sighed blissfully. "Mine's the best; it tastes sooo good."

"The best" I wondered. What did she mean by that? How would she know how other pussy cream tasted? I quickly pushed that thought from my mind as Kathy pushed aside her panties and steered my head down towards her hairless cunt. 

"You promised, Baby," she whimpered. "You promised to lick my pussy real good for me!"

Lowering my face to her steamy cunt, I began to gently lick and suck her glistening pussy lips. Prying open the pretty pink slabs of her cuntflesh with my probing tongue, I blew hot air over her trembling pussy as I stabbed my tongue into the opening of her bubbly cunt.

"God yes!" She yelped as I slid my tongue in and out of her dripping cunthole. "Fuck it Motherfucker, fuck it with your tongue!" Kathy demanded loudly.

As I lovingly tongued her creamy cunt, I glanced up the length of Kathy's bronzed torso. She had her eyes closed shut and was tightly squeezing one fat tit in each of her small hands as she slowly humped her bubbling pussy into my face. As I had suspected, she was getting louder and louder with each passing moment.

"That's it, Honey!" She whined loudly. "Suck my precious little pussy. Suck Kathy's precious pussy! Suck my clit for me! Suck it, suck it hard, please!"

Obeying her orders, I moved my lips up to her hard clit and sucked it into my mouth. Using my tongue, I batted her throbbing little clit back and forth, up and down, doing all I could to please my gorgeous, hot wife.

"Jesus! Oh God!" She bleated. "Suck that clit, Baby; swish it around with your tongue like that. Suck that clit for me!" 

Kathy's grunts became louder and louder as she squirmed her hips erratically. Gluing my lips to her clit I tried hard to keep on target as Kathy howled loudly.

There was no doubt in my mind that Kathy's yelps and howls had awakened John, but the thought of him listening to me eating my wife's pussy was strangely arousing to me. I knew John had not had much experience with women, and I was willing to bet he'd never had the heady experience of hearing a woman pant and moan in ecstasy as he ate her pussy. 

I devotedly ate Kathy's cunt for long minutes, sucking and licking continuously, as I brought her closer to orgasm. Her loud noises filled the room and I laughed to myself as I imaged John being tormented by the sounds coming from my sexy wife. 

"Ohhhh fuck! " Kathy whined breathlessly. "I'm gonna cum, Baby! I'm gonna cum all over your fucking face! I'm gonna cum so damn hard! Shove your finger in there and fuck it!"

As I rapidly worked my finger in and out of her clenching twat while simultaneously sucking her clit, I felt Kathy arch her back strongly and let out a loud wail, "Cummmingggg! Oh God, I'm cummminnng!" 

I let go of her clit and watched her beautiful face in the throes of orgasm as her pussy exploded around my still pumping finger. After a few moments, Kathy opened her eyes and smiled lovingly at me. 

"That was wonderful, Baby," she sighed. "Wanna fuck me now? You wanna bury that big fat dick in my little bald pussy and make me cum on it?" 

She squirmed upright and sat on the side of the couch, her tight little ass barely on the cushion and her oily cunt hanged off the edge. "Stick it in me, Baby! Stick that dick in me and fuck that cunt. It's your cunt, Honey. You own it. I'm your wife and you own that cunt. Come on and fuck your cunt!"

Kneeling in front of her, I grabbed a hold of my belly-hugging cock and levered it down towards Kathy's slippery shaved pussy. Her oily cunt cream oozed out between her cunt lips and slid down into her tight ass crack. I groaned loudly as the mushroom shaped head of my cock speared into her fuckhole and started to probe her cunt with slow, shallow strokes. I felt my balls begin to tingle as her pussy immediately tightened on my throbbing shaft. 

"Fuck yesss!" Kathy squealed. "Do it, Troy, do it! Fuck me, Baby! Fuck me hard! Fuck me as hard as you can!"

Bending my head down to suck on her bouncing tits, I was feeling very pleased with my performance. Twenty, thirty, fifty strokes went by and, for once, I was not close to spewing my cumload into Kathy's clasping cunt right away.

Kathy, of course, was not making things easy for me. Her progressive loud moans and squeals were exciting me tremendously, especially since I knew that John could hear every filthy word coming from her naughty mouth. Kathy, too, must have been turned on by the thought of John listening in, and she continued to spew forth a torrent of hot, nasty talk as I worked my dick in and out of her overheated pussy.

"Fuck it! Fuck it! Fuck it!" she chanted loudly. "Yeah, fucker, that's it--use that pussy good! Pump it in hard...you can do it! Drive it in to your balls! Shove it all the way in! Come on, all the way in. Fuck me like a bitch! Make me cum with your cock, Troy. Make me cum with your cock and I'll let you fuck me up the ass; I'll let you shove that fucker all the way up my tight ass!" 

Her keening voice, whining for my cock, coupled with the promise of an assfucking, pushed me closer to the edge and I felt my balls begin to melt. Raising my sucking mouth from her plump tits I looked into her eyes with concern.

"K-K-Kathy!" I groaned, "I c-c-can't hold back much longer, Baby. I'm about to cum inside you!"

"No!" She pleaded. "Don't cum in me! Pull it out! Pull it out and squirt in my face. Cum all over my face, Baby!'

Her begging pushed me over the edge and I quickly pulled my ready-to-burst cock out of her clenching muff and stood up. I barely made it onto my feet as the first stream of cockcream exploded from my dick and nailed Kathy squarely in her open mouth. "Mmmmppphh," she moaned as the sticky cream splashed onto her waiting tongue.

Splat! The next jet of cum hit her in the forehead and dripped down towards her nose. The third stream of jizz smacked her just above her left eye and quickly glued it shut. The forth and fifth ribbons of sperm hit her on the nose and covered her lips. I came a pretty good load, and Kathy soon looked like she had been hit in the face with a snowball. Whimpering softly, she shoved my still spewing cock into her mouth and swallowed the last few weak spurts of cum right down her throat.

Glaring up at me with one eye pasted shut by cum, Kathy released my cock from her mouth and used it to rub my sticky cum all over her cocksucking face. 

"Ohhh," she groaned loudly as she spread my glistening hot jizz all around her cheeks, forehead, and eyelids. "I love cum, I fucking love it. I love guys cumming in my face, it makes me feel like such a whore!"

With those last words ringing in my ears, I took her into the bedroom and we both quickly fell asleep. 

For the next few weeks, Kathy made sure that John heard us every single time we fucked. I, too, was becoming addicted to this kind of kinky play, and did not protest when she insisted we even fuck on the couch with John's bedroom door wide open. 

One night, though, Kathy stunned me. The three of were sitting around watching a movie on TV and getting drunk on bottles of cheap wine John had gotten from a friend. HBO was screening "Cruel Intentions," and both John and I were a bit turned on by the sexy action and innuendos from the movie. After the scene where Sarah Michelle Ghellar's character promises her brother he can "put it anywhere," Kathy suddenly asked John, "Do you like that kind of talk John? Do you like women who talk naughty?"
