 AUTHOR'S NOTE: All characters involved are 18 or older. This is a first-person narrative told in-character, all awkward grammar and mis-speakings are (hopefully) deliberate. 

*****

Alright, I guess with a title like that, I'm killing the suspense a little bit. But, it's accurate, so what're you gonna do, right?

It all started on the day I faked being sick so as to not go to school. Well, really, it started way before that. Probably with my porn collection.

Like a lot of horny teen guys, I watch a lot of porn. And I jerk off to it. Well, ok, I watch a hell of a lot of it, and I jerk off probably way more than the average guy. Like, most people seem to talk in how many times a week, in my case it's how many times a day. And three is kind of average, really. But I'm pretty sure I don't have a problem. Sure I guess I don't get outside that much, and I've skipped homework, and come in next day groggy after jerking til the sun comes up...but like I said, I can handle it, it works for me. Anyway, those were my habits before what happened.

But I'm getting ahead of myself. Again. I probably started watching porn after Dad left us. My mom was pretty broken up about it, and so she gave me the job of cleaning some of his boxes out of the study and garage. Well, there was a lot of crap there, old school texts and boring stacks of appliance manuals and whatever. But there were also some porn mags, and videotapes. I knew there was gonna be something bad on them, so I waited until no one was home (my older sister was living with us too at this point; she's pretty hot, blonde with big tits, but she's in college now, so this story really isn't about her at all) and I slid it in the VCR. I don't think I've gone a day without jerking off since then. Most of those tapes are still in a shoe-box at the back of my closet.

At this point was when I bugged my mom 'til we got a high-speed internet connection. I told her it was for school and shit, for me to be better at that, and she bought it pretty easy. You better believe I pretty much burned up the line downloading hardcore porn. Filling up my hard drive and burning CD's and DVD's full of it. One time my computer broke and I almost had a heart attack thinking that someone might scavenge my used hard drive and see all that late-night jerk material. But I guess I got over it, just got a better computer with a faster hard-drive, and got all my favourites back. I always keep my door closed, and listen to the sound with earphones, so I'm sure my mom thinks I'm just spending that time reading in my room.

Mmm, porn. What did I want to say next? Oh right. Anyway, uh, I guess for a long time I was into the usual sort of chicks the other guys at school like. You know, the Hillary Duffs, the Amanda Byneseses. Basically hot, skinny, young and cute. Had a lot of wet dreams shooting my load to girls like that, thinking I guess mostly of just like kissing them and fuckin their hot pussy, maybe cop a feel of their pert little tit while doing it.

By the way, uh, I'm talking a lot about like jerking off and porn, but don't think I don't get a lot of real chicks. I mostly like to date girls who don't go to my school, you know, in my other social circles, so even if I told you a bunch of names, it's not like you'd know how hot they were. No, I don't have a "steady" girlfriend right now, but I figure it makes it easier to play the field, right?. I could get a hot girlfriend easily, don't worry - hotter than any of the girls you know.

Anyway, the way porn works is that, if you're watching a movie, and there's a scene that really turns you on, you usually go out in search of more of that stuff, be it that actress, or some act they do in the scene, or whatever. Well, I somehow found myself getting way, way, into chicks with big round asses. Like I said, I go to a high school in a mostly white suburban neighbourhood, and most of your guys are into the skinny type, sorta like Katie Holmes, or at least they say they are. But soon I was dying for more material with ass shots, girls with shorts tightly gripping their big tight asses, lots of bouncing and shaking of those asses. I'd walk down the hallway in school with my books over my crotch and look at the girls with really big butts walking in their tight pants. I'm not talking about porkers, like girls that are seriously overweight, but I mean just mostly normal girls with really thick round asses. They'd get teased about those big butts, but I couldn't believe any guy would say a bad thing about them. And I looked at the big, mature asses on some hot teachers too.

Which brings me to another one of my favourite genres, milfs. Or should I write that MILFS? Ok, seriously, I'm trying to explain myself, but I don't know why. Some stuff just gets my cock hard. In this case, we're talking about mature, usually voluptuous women. A lot of vids are titled like "My Best Friend's Mom" or "The Mother Next Door"...but, I mean, really? Seems to me that those are just code-words for what the guys are really thinking about, which is having a sexy, knockout mom of your very own.

I guess it's time to describe what my own mom looks like. She's about five-foot-nine, with slightly curly hair that looks brown with maybe a touch of red in it, and she usually wears it loose so that it falls past her shoulders. She's got a real nice big set of tits that look great in the bras she wears, and you better believe I spent a hell of a lot of time staring at them when I hit puberty. But what's really stunning is her ass, you can really notice it when she wiggles into a pair of jeans, or those skin-tight workout pants she wears when exercising or cleaning the house. It starts at her narrow waist, then flares out into some seriously wide hips, and her cheeks so thick and round and firm. Sometimes when she bends over I think that her pants are about to rip at the seam. Either that or my hard-on is about to tear out of its pants.

Ever since my dad left, my mom hasn't really had anyone steady in her life. There was a time she dated a lot, and I remember she went out with this black guy for a while, and after that it seemed the next few guys I saw her with were also all black. This was about the same time she got that tattoo across the small of her back above her ass, I guess what they call a tribal design, and, though she probably thought I didn't notice it, it was also when she got one of her nipples pierced - I could sometimes see the outline of a stud or ring she had through it, when it pressed tightly against a thin top she would be wearing. But anyway, she hadn't been dating a lot recently, that I'd noticed - mostly spending time working at her office job, or staying home and taking care of the house, or on her regular work out schedule.

Anyway, time to get to the day in question. I totally didn't feel like going to school that day, and faked being sick, though really I was mostly thinking about watching some hardcore porn and then playing a new video game I'd gotten recently. Soon as my mom walked out the door in her business suit, and I heard her start the car, I walked down to the living room with a stack of about five DVD's, and put on the first one.

Well, like I said, I had been planning to play a video game after doing some jerking, but with my remote control in one hand, and my cock in the other, I was enjoying myself a whole lot with skipping to all the nastiest parts, enjoying the hot women teasing and the hard anal poundings, with my hand stroking my cock that had gotten really big and thick, stroking in all that sticky clear precum that oozed out the head. A few times I thought about just blowing my load, but then I thought I'd wait to see another chick in another scene, or I'd switch to another movie, where I remembered there was something really smokin' hot...and, well, a lot of time passed that way without my keeping track of it.

I swear, I swear, I swear I did not even hear a sound from behind until there were those 3 hard footsteps of my mom's shoes on the hardwood floor, until she was standing off to my side, her arms crossed over her chest, as she looked down at me, sitting in an easy chair with my cock in my hand, a hard, sweaty sex scene with about two guys and three girls on the screen, and my jogging pants down around my ankles. My heart has never leapt further up my throat.

"Mom?!?" I managed to croak out. Realizing my cock was sticking way out I reached down and tried to tug my sweatpants up; one tug, two, but a fold was somehow caught up on my big toe or heel or something, and I could barely start tugging them up. I realized I was still naked and hard in front of my mom trying to do this, and so I just grabbed one of the decorative pillows nearby and put it over my hard-on, and sheepishly looked up at my mom. Not too much eye contact with her though, I couldn't bear it.

"So, I guess you're feeling better, huh? Said you were in pretty rough shape this morning, might even need to see the doctor?" She moved her hands to her hips, still looking right down at me.

"Um, yeah. I mean, I do feel better."

"I'll bet." She gave a loud huff from her nostrils. Then she pointed down at me and said in an angry voice, "And don't press that against yourself, those are dry-clean I don't need them...I don't need them pressed all against your big dirty cock."

I felt my cock throb as I heard those words from her. I'd never heard anything about any 'dirty cock' from her mouth before. I kinda pressed the pillow against me closer, "No mom, uh, it'll be okay, I'll be ok."

She smirked down at me, "No it won't. I got a good look at it already, don't worry, it looked pretty darn wet." Then she took me by surprise by bending down and pulling the pillow away from me. She looked at the side of the pillow I'd held against myself and said "Ha!" as she noticed a big wet spot where my cockhead had pressed against. She tossed the pillow off to the side.

By now I was squirming pretty good, I was sitting there naked, my cock not getting softer at all, and I realized that the porn was still playing on the TV as my mother stood right there beside me. I tried to casually at least cover up my hardon a bit by putting my arms over it, but touching my cock with the soft skin of the bottom side of my wrist was a bad move, as it just made my cock jump and throb more. It was like my cock was responding to everything.

"Geez Mom," I whined again. I'm sure my face was all red and dripping with sweat at this point. My heartbeat echoed in my ears. "Can't you, uh.." I nodded my head to the side, "Just give me a few minutes to clean up, okay? Geez, this is crazy, um...then we can talk it out, I know I did wrong, and, uh..."

My mother stepped in front of me, looking down and shaking her head. I realized how sexy she was looking in her office clothes. I guess she had come home during her lunch break or something, she worked close enough to do that. The heels, the pantyhose and tight business skirt, the white blouse under the jacket, made her look so powerful and mature. She told me, "I've noticed you haven't been doing as well at school, and being more sulky and lazy around the house. A bad attitude. I think we need to sort it out. Right now."

I was shocked as she dropped to her knees in front of me, looked up at me as she put my hands on my knees, and applied some pressure for me to spread out my thighs. She leaned forward and looked right at my cock, "I bet this is the problem right here, isn't it? You feeling too fucking horny to do anything, are you? You know son, sometimes being too obsessed with something can be bad for you. Take your hands away, I want to make sure you didn't hurt it while you were abusing yourself."

I pulled my arms back just because she said to. I leaned back and just looked down at her, as my cock throbbed, sticking up between my legs, my balls right underneath it feeling so sensitive against my thighs. She brought her face close enough that I thought I could feel her warm breath on my twitching cock. My mom leaned forward more and I saw her tongue slip out and slide over her wet, red lips.

"Ohhh, my gawwwd," I moaned, throwing my head back, it was almost too much too watch.

"Yeah, I think we're at the core of all your 'issues' right here," she said. I felt her breath on my cock from every word she spoke. "I think what we're dealing with here, is that, well, you need this taken care of, before you can spend your energy on anything else."

And then she grabbed the shaft of my cock with her hand and put her lips around the head. I felt my mom's wet, soft lips sucking on my cockhead, her tongue licking on it, as she sucked harder, then popped off. "Wowie," she said, and licked her lips. "That tastes even better than I thought." She leaned forward and kept stroking my cock steadily with that one hand, as her other cupped my balls, and her mouth went back to really working me now, sucking and slobbering, as I just grit my teeth and looked down as I squinted my eyes.

My mom looked so amazingly hot there, in front of me on her knees, her heeled feet sticking out, the heavy outline of her breasts pushing against the front of her blouse. Her mouth and hands kept working my horny cock, tasting it all over, and at one point she wet deep on it made a little gagging sound, then a whole mess of spit flew out all over my cock and her hands and part of her blouse. "Fuck yeah!" she muttered, her lips moving over my sensitive cockhead as she said it, then started loudly sucking the spit back up, sucking up that shiny layer of her drool that my cock was covered in.

I was really squirming at this point, clutching at the armrests with my hands and trying to pull away if just to hold off from cumming. My mom smiled and looked up at me, "Too much for ya, baby?" she quickly pulled off her jacket, then pointed at me. "THIS is just between you and me, you got it, you horny little bastard? I mean it, if you breathe a word of this to anyone, you are in deep, deep shit, you got it?"

I nodded and my open mouth might have muttered some kind of agreement. I watched as my mom quickly unbuttoned her top and pulled it to the sides and then off, showing me her big tits supported by her bra. I gasped out "Ooohhh..." and my mom smiled up at me as she unhooked her bra and slowly let it slide off, showing me those big pale soft breasts and the hard nipples that were pointed right at me.

"Ohhh, fuck fuck fuck, Mommmm, those are like the most beautiful set of tits ever!" I groaned, and she smiled at me, rubbing them with her hands, caressing them, visibly getting even more turned on just from her own touch.

"You like your momma's big breasts, huh baby? Ya wanna feel em on your cock?" She didn't wait for a reply, but put her tits on either side of my cock, letting it slide deep into her cleavage, then using her hands to bury me in all that warm soft flesh.

"Ohhh!" I groaned, "Oh yes, c'mon and fuck my cock with your tits, Mom! Fuck!"

My mother purred as she held her tits solidly around my cock, pushing them up and down. She talked quietly, as much as to herself as to me, "Oh yess, you like that, you like that. MMMmmm, feels so nice, would be even better with some baby oil on everything."

I started to cum without any warning, I don't think I even really realized it myself until a few shots had already blown out the end of my cock. I looked down and my mom laughed in surprise and kept stroking my cock with her tits. Thick white shiny hot cum hit the bottom of her chin and her neck one shot somehow managed to reach the side of her cheek, and so much thick cum was dripping down her big tits and her hands as she stroked me out. She squeezed and stroked on my cock with those big warm tits 'til I was aching.

As I was sitting there recovering, and watching the way my cum dripped and shone on her tits, my mom reached down to undo her skirt, then stood up to slip out of it. She took the opportunity to go over to the window and pull the blinds down completely, then turned back to me with a smile, "Nobody needs to see what's going on here, do they?"

She walked back over to me slow, totally naked, and I looked at her hips moving, at her pussy covered by some not-too-thick pubic hair, and up again to those breasts that she hadn't cleaned off at all. 

Then she pointed at the doorway and said something I never, ever thought I would hear my mom say, "Let's move. You don't want to fuck here too, do you? It's kind of uncomfortable."

I stood up, then remembered about the TV, and reached for the remote to turn it off. I followed my mom's wiggling hips down the hall, then right up the stairs, just staring at that behind, getting such a close-up look at it, I didn't realize where we were going until we were standing in the middle of my own bedroom. My mom stood in front of me and said "Is this okay? I think it'd be kinda hot if we do it here," and then pulled me in for a mouth-to-mouth kiss. It was unbelievably hot.

At this point, okay, honestly, maybe it was all the new experiences or blowing my load, but I was feeling a bit tired at this point. I don't think my mom was interested in taking a break, though. She sat down on my bed and put one leg up, rubbing her pussy as she looked at me.

"Looks like you're ready for another go," she smiled, and nodded at my cock, which was sticking right out again, hard as ever.

"Get on your hands and knees, Mom, c'mon, on the bed, I wanna see that ass," I told her, and she did as I said, getting on all fours on my bed, then putting her head low, her bare ass way up in the air. I got right behind it and put my hands on her big asscheeks, rubbing them slowly as I sighed.

"Ohhh, Mommmm, this ass is fuckin amazing!" I moaned, and spread her cheeks. I took a glance at her hot pussy, that looked really wet and ready, but mostly I was checking out her super-tight asshole. I just had to lean in closer, rub my fingertips on it, and then lean in and give it some licks.

The touch of my tongue made my mom moan and really wiggle her hips as she curled her toes. She moved that ass side-to-side on my face, and seemed to want me to lick her pussy more, but I held her big warm ass steady as I could with my hands and kept on licking fast on her tight asshole. "Put it in me! Put it in me!" she called out urgently from way out front where her head was, and bumped her ass harder onto my face.

To satisfy her I drew up closer, rubbed my cockhead against her pussylips, and started to push in. I'm not saying it wasn't nice, it sure was nice to be fucking that hot wet pussy from behind, but I remained fascinated by her asshole. As my cock started to pump that wet pussy I licked a couple of fingers and rubbed them on her asshole, then started pressing one in.

That made my mom shoot a glance over her shoulder back at me. So there I was, on my own bed, fucking my mom from behind with her ass up and head on my pillow, and she was giving me this look as one of my fingers dug into that asshole. Man, was it warm and tight in there.

I felt her pussy squeeze down more on my cock as I kept pumping it, her pussyjuice making my cock so wet as I felt rivulets of it start to run down my balls. I worked that finger in and out, getting deeper, I just couldn't get over how hot she felt in there, how good her big thick asscheeks looked pushed up just for me.

She kept staring back at me, "You like exploring back there, huh?"

I thrust harder into her pussy, slamming her ass and making it shake more as she thrust it back on me. "Fuck yeah Mom, I love it!" I grunted. "I wanna fuck you right up the ass!"

I put two hands on her hips and really started slamming into that pussy, I could see her big tits bouncing under her as I fucked her hard, making her grunt and thrusting forward as I fucked that pussy in and out hard.
