 I am married to a wonderful man and we have a great sex life. . I learned early in our marriage that my husband is both kinky and submissive. I loved being dominant in bed and making him do all kinds of kinky adventures. I never realized just how submissive and kinky Michael really was until this month. 

Over the years of marriage, we loved experimenting with sex. We are both very open- minded and have tried many different kinks. We have evolved sexually to the point where Michael wears women's panties regularly, and is very submissive to me. 

Michael loves oral sex, both giving and receiving. I keep myself shaved and he loves nothing better than to lick and suck my bald pussy. He adores my mouth on his hard cock. Let me tell you how Michael has progressed sexually and how I helped him to finally suck another man's hard cock.

Over the years, I realized that my husband loved being dominated by me and loved being made to do kinkier and kinkier things. It started with me playing with his ass while sucking him off and led me to buy a strap-on dildo and fuck his ass. Today, he loves being bent over and fucked in the ass by me. I love fucking my husband's ass, especially when he's wearing women's panties.. 

Within the last year, I came upon a new kink that really turned on my husband and me during sex. Michael loves being forced to eat his own cum. It makes my pussy very wet watching my husband get hard as he licks up and swallows his own just spurted hot sperm. We have been very creative coming up with different ways to make him eat his cum. It started with creampies. I would tie up my husband to the bed, ride his cock until his shot his load into my shaved pussy and then I would crawl up and plant my wet, dripping freshly fucked pussy, full of cum on my husband's hungry mouth. His cock would get hard again as he sucked his cum from my pussy. It has progressed to the point that every orgasm my husband has ends with him eating it. We love having him cum into a glass and drinking it. I have numerous pictures of him cumming in a glass and then drinking it. Another favorite is cumming on my big tits and licking it up. Michael loves being taunted about cum eating, so I usually tease him while working his load from his cock. 

As I work my tongue in his sensitive bottom, I tell him, "Are you hungry tonight, honey? You know when you cum, I'm going to catch it and make you eat it and swallow it!" I can feel my husband quiver with lust as I tease him both verbally and with my tongue flicking in his ass. I plunge my tongue deep and hear Michael moan. I stroke again his twitching cock from behind. "Do you want it, baby...? Do you want to taste your cum?" I tease. "Oh please, Kim, please..." he begs. "Please what, honey, what do want? You need to beg me...if you want it...beg me, honey to feed you!" I taunt. This is what I love...my husband so submissive, so compliant to my demands. 

"Please, baby, make me cum....I need it..MMMMMMMM...!" he moans as I continue to tongue fuck his ass and stroke his hard cock. "Please what... tell me....what are you going to do...if I let you cum... what are you going to do for me? I want to hear you, Michael, beg me to feed it to you!"

"Please, honey, please feed me.... Feed me my cum... make me eat it, OH! I want it so bad, make me eat my cum.... Please Kim make me swallow my own thick cum!" my husband begs. When he cums I catch it all in a wine glass and then I pour into his open mouth and tell him to swallow it all.

For months, Michael has been eating his own cum and we've both been getting off` on it. About 3 weeks ago, we had rented a female domination video from our local video store. We occasionally did this and usually ended up getting off on the kinky videos. Almost always, we get new ideas of domination for me. These videos involve women dominating men and usually it involved men getting fucked by women with strap-ons, men getting spanked, and men eating their own cum. As you can imagine, we have fun watching and getting ideas and experimenting. This movie we watched involved a dominatrix dominating a man. She dressed the man as a woman, putting on make-up and then using strap-on on him. Michael and I both got off watching this, but many videos we had rented involved this type of action. What was unique about this video was toward the end, the dominatrix tied her man up, and had another man come into the scene. As Michael and I watched, she had her submissive male suck off the other man and then take his cock up his ass. To say that Michael was turned on would be an understatement. His cock was hard and dripping. It was then that I started thinking that maybe my husband was kinkier than I realized. Maybe my husband was bisexual. Just the thought of it made my pussy quiver. I started thinking I would really like to see Michael with another man. My thoughts were confirmed later that night. After we had both gone to bed that night, I awoke to find Michael not in bed. I heard noises downstairs. When I came quietly down the stairs into our basement, their was my husband lying across our leather couch, masturbating watching the section of the video showing the sub male sucking another man off. As I watched and my pussy dripped, my husband stroked off and came watching the cocksucking. He moaned and seemed to really enjoy watching as the submissive male, looked up into the other man's face as he licked and sucked his cock. My pussy dripped with lust as I realized how sexy it was to see a man submit sexually to another man. 

How sexy to watch a cuffed, kneeling man being forced to suck another man's cock; the dominatrix was holding her sub male's head and taunting him as he sucked cock for the first time. It was then that I realized that I wanted to see my husband suck cock. I was turned on by it and I wanted to see it. That night, I decided that I would help my husband become a cocksucker. 

That weekend I decided to train my husband to be an expert cocksucker.. After a lovely dinner out, I had my husband kneeling in front of me wearing nothing but his little panties. I was wearing a nothing but my strap on. "Go on, touch it, you little slut, touch my cock, I know you want it." I taunted. Michael reached up and stroked my strap on.. 

I thrusted my hips forward and grabbed his head and rubbed my strap on against Michael's face. "What do you want, honey, do you want my cock?" I taunt. "OH, yes, Kim, I want it!" Michael announces. I slap the latex cock against my husband's face and lips and say, "If you want this cock, you need to beg for it, you want to be my cocksucker don't you, honey, tell me!" Michael moans and says, "Please, Kim, please let me suck your beautiful cock, feed it to me mistress!" That caused my pussy to twitch hearing my husband beg to suck my cock and calling me mistress. "Are you going to suck it for me, like a little faggot? Are you going to be my cocksucker? Do you want to be a cocksucker for me, Michael?" I taunt. "Yes, I want to be your cocksucker, Kim, make me suck your cock!" Michael responds. 

I grabbed my husband's head forced my latex cock into his mouth. I held his head and slowly fucked his face. As I watched my husband slide his lips on my strap on cock, my pussy twitched in lust. "You know, Michael, when a cocksucker sucks a cock, he should always swallow the load of cum. Are you going to swallow my cum, cocksucker?" I taunted. "MMMMMMMM..." Michael moaned. "Tell me, honey, are you a good cocksuker? Are you going to eat my load?" I asked again.

Michael reluctantly pulled his mouth off my cock to answer. "Yes, mistress, I want to suck you off, AND I want to swallow your cum, give it to me, baby, make me your cocksucker, make me a slut!" he begged. I grabbed his head again and assaulted his mouth again. I spent the next 20 minutes face fucking my husband, calling him names like "cocksucker", "slut", "faggot", and "homo". He obviously was enjoying my cock and sucked it hungrily. I orgasmed at least twice as he sucked it. When I was sure he was really getting off sucking the strap-on, I decided it was time to feed him his cum. "Are you ready, cocksucker? I'm going to fill your mouth with my load! Get ready to swallow it all, faggot!"  Michael continued sucking and slurping. "Stroke your cock, honey, while you suck my cock!" Michael stroked his cock and quickly was close to orgasm as I plunged in and out of his sucking mouth. I then handed him his empty wine glass and told him to fill it up. He quickly stroked off into the wine glass – shooting a large load of cum into the glass. He then handed the cum filled glass to me. I then pulled my cock from his mouth until just my strap on cockhead remained in his lips. Ib began pouring the glass of cum onto my strap on letting the thick sperm ooze down the latex shaft until it met my husband's lips. I kept holding his head and demanded, "Swallow it bitch! Don't you dare miss a drop! Eat it! Cocksucker, swallow it all When he had swallowed most of it, I pulled the dildo from his sucking lips. I then made him lick my cock clean and lick the glass clean. Over the next week, I taught Michael the finer points of cocksucking and swallowing cum using my strap-on. 

I couldn't wait to see Michael being submissive to another man and sucking his cock and drinking another man's semen. After continuing to practice cocksucking and assfucking with my husband, Michael finally admitted what I had known from that evening with the DVD. Michael admitted he was really getting off fantasizing about cocksucking. 

I knew it all along. But, when I asked him specifically if he would like to find another man to suck his cock, he hesitated. It was then that I realized that although my husband was truly bisexual, he was also submissive to me. Michael wanted me to set it up and make him cocksucker – just like in those DVD's we loved. I then began using the internet to find a man to feed my husband his cock. Within a couple of weeks, I had found 2 very promising prospects. We began sending pictures back and forth. I sent photos of Michael wearing panties and eating his own cum. I also sent photos of Michael sucking my strap-on. Both men were in their 30's, handsome, in great shape and dominant. They eagerly agreed that I would be in charge, but Michael would definitely be submissive to them. I told them both that my goal was to allow my bi-curious husband a chance to try cocksucking and then assfucking. I also explained that my husband was most turned on by sucking cock and eating cum. I finally decided to invite Bruce over because he had the largest cock. Bruce was to stop by this coming Friday night. He was to arrive exactly at 9 pm. Bruce had washboard abs, and a great looking 9 inch cock. I knew my bisexual husband was about to realize his dream of a mouthful of cock. My plan was to handcuff Michael and taunt him Friday evening with my strap-on while having him dressed up as a little slut. The night started as all our scenes do, I had Michael in his fishnet stockings, black satin panties, and completely hairless. Tonight, as I dolled up Michael, I promised him a surprise, so I added lipstick I had Michael lying on his back, hands tied over his head with me straddling his chest and slowly feeding him my strap-on. 

When I hear the doorbell ring, Bruce is right on time. I re-position Michael to be kneeling on the floor next to our bed with his hands cuffed behind his back. I let Bruce in and after sharing a glass of wine, I tell Bruce to wait just outside the bedroom door. I return to my kneeling husband. I continue to feed him my strap on cock, taunting him about cocksucking. Working him up so he'll be very ready and eager for it. "You want a real cock, don't you cocksucker! Tell me!" Michael pulls his wet mouth off the strap on. "Yes, please Kim!" he responds. "Yes please, what?" I demand. "Tell me, Michael, what do you want? What would you do if a real man wanted you to suck his very real hard cock? Would you suck it?" I taunt.

"YESSSS!" he responds almost begging. "What about his cum, if you suck a cock, you'll have to eat his cum?" "Please, Kim... that's what I want!" Michael pleads.

I am stroking Michael's hair as he kneels between my legs, my strap on cock still wet with his saliva, inches from his lips. There is a knock on our bedroom door jam – the door is open. We both look up and see Bruce who is standing there with a wide grin on his face. I return his smile and say, "Come on in, Bruce!" Bruce's muscular frame fills the doorway. "Surprise!" I say. Michael's face is flushed with embarrassment. "Well, hello, Bruce, welcome to our home!" I say. Michael is kneeling, embarrassed, and nervous. "Michael, this is Bruce, Bruce, this is my husband Michael." I continue. My husband looks up at the beautiful stranger. "Um, hi." He says. Bruce comes over to me and give me a hug. He then looks down at my husband and says, "Hi sexy, you look very nice."

 

"Michael, you know why Bruce is here, don't you?" I ask. "Yes." he responds. "Honey, please tell Bruce and me what you want tonight!" I demand. "I want...I want you to make me...a ...cocksucker!" he stammers. "That's right, honey, and if Bruce let's you suck his cock, what must you do?" I taunt. Michael's cock is still rock hard and throbbing in his panties. "I must...swallow, I will swallow his cum load." He answers. "Oh, Michael, that's is so sexy and sweet! Bruce, would you allow us the privilege of making my husband a cocksucker?" I request.  "I would love to!" Bruce responds. 

Then as I step back and begin removing my strap on, Bruce begins undressing in front of my kneeling husband. I realize we are about to realize our deepest fantasy of turning my husband into a cocksucking faggot. My pussy drips thinking about it. Then, I almost orgasm, as Bruce strips down to his last piece of clothing. The muscular Bruce, completely clean shaven from head to toe, is standing in front of my submissive husband in nothing but a pair of sexy, French cut, black, satin women's panties. His massive cock is not even erect and it fills the front of the panties to overflowing. As Bruce stands in front of my kneeling husband, I hear Michael let out a long deep breath and moan. I can tell he is very ready to suck his first cock. I watch as Michael is staring at Bruce's bulge in his panties. He licks his lips. "Go on, honey, reach out and stroke him, stroke him through his silky panties!" I practically moan. My pussy begins quivering as I watch my husband reach out and touch another man for the first time. His hands almost look small compared to Bruce's massive tool. Michael begins stroking up and down Bruce's mighty satin covered shaft. "UUUUUUGGGGGGHHHH!" Bruce moans. "Oh, Michael, that feels so good!" Bruce moans. "Pull it out, baby, and start licking and kissing it!" I beg. I stare intently as Michael then pulls Bruce's 9 inches of semi-erect cock from his panties. I feel myself go over the edge in orgasm as I watch Michael's tongue flick out and begin licking the cockhead of another man. Michael needs no more encouragement. He is in his own world as he fulfills his fantasy of cocksucking. He is kissing and licking and swirling his tongue on Bruce's now very erect cock like a pornstar. Bruce then takes control and grabs Michael by the back of the head and as I watch in lust, pushes his massive cock into Michael's eager mouth. Michael is now kneeling beside our bed, Bruce's massive hard on is half way plugged into my husband's sucking lips. I hear Michael moan around the thickly veined shaft sliding between his lips. "Suck it, cocksucker, this is what you've always wanted, isn't it, you little cocksucking slut, suck your boyfriend's big cock for me, baby, eat it up!" I taunt.

Michael is sucking, and swirling his tongue on Bruce's cock and slowly bobbing his head back and forth. I am twisting my erect nipples and rubbing my soaking pussy. I want so badly to watch Bruce fill my husband's mouth with his seed. Our bedroom is filled with wet sounds of sucking, slurping as men moaning as my husband sucks his first cock. After watching Michael suck cock for 15 minutes, Bruce is ready to explode. 

 

 

 

"Are you ready, cocksucker? I'm gonna cum in your mouth!" Bruce announces. Michael stays focused on sucking and flicking his tongue on the big tool in his mouth. Bruce is holding Michael's head and then..."UUUUUGGGGGHHHHH!!!" he begins cumming in my husband's sucking mouth. "OH GOD!!!! I moan as I watch another man unload into my husband's mouth. Bruce is cumming directly into the back of Michael's mouth. I watch as my husband begins swallowing rapidly as his cheeks draw in - sucking hard on the spurting cock. Then Bruce grips the base of his cock and pulls out of Michael's still sucking lips and begins drooling the last of his load onto my husband's lips and chin. My husband's mouth is completely coated in another man's thick, gooey sperm. I orgasm again as I watch my husband lick his lips clean. Once his lips are free of sperm, Bruce pushes his still erect cock back into Michael's mouth and tells him to lick it clean. 

Later that evening, I watched as Bruce pushed his hard cock into my husband's ass. Bruce savagely fucked Michael's ass as my husband begged for it. The night of gay sex ended for my husband as Bruce pulled out Michael's ass and cum in his mouth again.

My husband and I went to bed that night exhausted and satisfied. Michael had 2 loads of another man's sperm in his belly and a new appetite for more.