 Well. Today was the day. I'd find out if it really worked. If the little old Asian man at the spice shop was right, my life was about to change forever. And he had better be right; I paid a ridiculous sum for this particular item. 'Put in food or drink...you see action quick, yes!' he had said. 'Watch out not too much!' Now the only question other than 'does it work' was 'when' to try it...

I planned the whole thing down to the last detail. Dad worked overnight every thursday and my sister Wendy and I usually ate dinner alone together that night. Perfect. Dad worked the third shift and wouldn't be home until around dawn. Once again: perfect. I picked up the pizzas and sodas as usual and while still in the car, sprinkled the recommended dose of the tasteless, odorless stuff on to her pie. Once the stuff hit the top of the pizza, it virtually disappeared, just as the Asian dude had said it would. My heart rate increased as I closed the lid on her pizza box. We ate and chatted, the usual, half watching tv and half catching up on smalltalk. I tried to look discreetly for signs that the stuff was working. The Ancient One didn't tell me how long it might take...

About an hour passed since we finished eating; no sign of anything. Wendy was sitting at the dining room table doing some homework and glancing over at the tv. I grabbed the remote and started channel surfing. I passed something that Wendy wanted to see, apparently; she asked me to back up a few channels. 'There! Mark, leave it here. Let's watch this. What do you think?' It was one of those MTV spring break shows with tons of barely clothed college kids dancing and blabbing on the beach. I told her it was fine with me. Didn't look like this stuff was going to work. I was ripped off. While I plotted my revenge against the little guy who sold me that useless crap, at least I'd get a rise out of the action on the tv screen.

I watched the hardbodies and babes strutting there stuff for a bit, fuming at how stupid and desperate I'd been. I had just thrown ALOT of money away. I turned to get up to take a leak and was a little surprised to see Wendy staring at the tv screen intently. She had closed her books, put her pencil down, and was watching the half naked bodies parading across the screen as if she were hypnotized. She didn't even notice me get up, she just stared, eyes focused like lasers. I couldn't help but notice that her nipples were poking against the fabric of her bra and shirt. And it wasn't the least bit chilly in here. Hmmm...

I walked past her and said 'I'm gonna take a shower, so if anyone calls, tell them I'll call back, OK?' No response from my sister. 'Wendy? OK?' I broke her concentration and she shook herself out of it like she was in a trance.

'Yeah, yes...OK...' she said and returned her gaze to the tv.

My cock was hardening as I entered the bathroom and closed the door. This could be it! The old man didn't tell me what to look for, but either I was crazy or my sister was getting seriously turned on by a tv show...I took a quick shower and decided to up the ante a little. I emerged from the bathroom wrapped only in a towel, and my cock was still hard. I'm in pretty good shape; I work out regularly. That and the fact that my cock is about 9 and one half inches long when erect should get some reaction from her. As soon as I entered the living room, I saw Wendy, sitting on the couch in front of the tv, quickly removing her hand from under her shirt! My sister Wendy had smallish, but very cute breasts that seemed to be all nipple at their tips. Though they weren't huge, they were my favorite part of her anatomy. She looked at me and blushed, obviously hoping I hadn't seen it. I played dumb. 'Hey. You still watching this?' I asked. She recovered from the shock of me almost catching her feeling herself up, and she looked back to answer and her eyes stopped at the bulge at my groin. 'Uh...oh...I...' she stammered, trying to pry her eyes of the shape of my hard-on throught the towel. 'You can watch what you want...I gotta go to bed now, ' she said as she quickly got up from the couch and walked past me to her room.

'Wha...? It's early! Wendy! Something wrong?' I tried to sound concerned, but I was psyched. Just how well did this stuff work? I had to know. I walked quietly down the hall to Wendy's bedroom. Pressing my ear up to the door, I could hear that she had the same MTV show on in her room...and I could hear something else, too. Yup. It was the high-pitched buzz of her shiny metallic vibrator, changing it's tone as it slid in and out of her young pussy. She was trying to muffle the sound of her sexual pleasure by oohing and ahhing into one of the pillows on her big bed. I had known about the vibrator for a year or so; I had searched through her room many times since I was a kid, looking through her undies, reading her diary, fantasizing; that kind of thing. Now I thought I may have finally found the means of making a life-long dream come true: I wanted to fuck my sister bad. She came with an intense yell barely muffled by her pillow, but still clearly audible to me. I could even hear her panting in the afterglow of her orgasm. I snuck back toward the living room.

I trotted to my room and slipped on a pair of boxers. I went into the kitchen to grab a drink and when I returned, there was Wendy. Wearing a short nightshirt that I remembered her outgroing years ago, she stood next to the dining room table, glancing at the homework she had disregarded earlier. Her nipples poked out of her little boobs like spikes. 'Couldn't sleep. Don't know what it is!' Then, eyeing me up and down as she approached, 'Hey, muscleman! Look at you! All that time at the gym is really paying off!' She walked over to me and reached up and put her hands right on my bare chest and started feeling around, big smile on her face. 'Bet the ladies at the gym are all after you.' I pulled back a bit; no matter how badly I had wanted my sister, this was so out of character that it flustered me a bit. 'Hey! What's up with you? Loosen up! It's just me, your sister!' She had sort of a wild look in her eye, as if she had alot of energy and didn't know how to use it. My dick was growing again. It would be tough to hide in these shorts. So I wouldn't.

I told her I was going to see what was on tv and walked away. I could feel her eyes on my butt as I moved toward the couch. I sat down and began surfing and she sat next to me. Closer than usual, for sure. 'Let me flick,' she asked, hand out reaching for the remote. It was inches away from my pecker; the thin meterial of my boxers perfectly accentuating the shape of my stiff dick. As Wendy took the remote, I caught her looking right at it. Then she re-focused on the tv. 'What's on pay per view?' She watched as the schedule scrolled down the screen; I think I know what she was looking for. She asked me about some action movie I had already seen; I said sure, whatever. I didn't care what was on, as long as I could sit next to my horny, inhitions-inhibited sister. She picked up the phone and punched in the numbers for the movie we agreed on. Or so I thought... In a minute or two we were presented with an extreme close-up of a blonde girl sucking a huge cock!! The logo in the corner of the screen said 'Extreme Heat'. Oops! Apparently the cable company had made a mistake...Yeah right.

'Whoah!! Guess they screwed that up! Jesus...' Her voice quickly trailed off. She was staring at the larger than life blowjob taking place on the screen in that trance-like state again...This guy's cock was enormous; the blonde was having a difficult time getting her jaw around it... I acted upset and asked for the phone but she said, 'Oh, um, can't we watch a little of it? I've never really seen a real porno movie before...I'm curious! Hm? C'mon, Mark, it'll be fun!'

'Are you sure, Wendy? This is kind of strange, I mean--' she stopped me there.

'This makes you uncomfortable? Oh, man, you really do need to loosen up! Just sit back and enjoy it. Guys love this stuff anyway, right?' She slid even closer to me on the couch to where our hips were touching.

'Yeah, sure we do, but...well if you're ok with it, Wendy, then I'm up for it.' She looked down at my dick, its head almost popping up from under the waistband of my shorts.

'Yes, you are...' she said, smiling at the tv.

We watched the sex unfold silently for a while, though I did notice Wendy's breathing becoming more harsh, more urgent. Each of us tried to make jokes here and there, to kill the tension, but soon Wendy was concentrating on the action to an extreme degree. I think if the smoke alarm over our heads went off, she wouldn't have flinched. A scene began featuring a very well built guy and a small, petite girl who fucked doggy-style for what seemed like a half hour; Wendy was obviously unaware that she had been leaning into my side for a while, her tit pressing into my ribs. I could feel how and when the rate and intensity of her breathing increased as she scrunched herself up to me; we were practically 'cuddling'! After a bit longer, the couple had moved into the missionary position and Wendy reached across her stomach and grasped my arm. She pulled it over her head and put it behind her neck, my hand falling on her shoulder. 'I'm cold,' was all she said, rather curtly. She clasped a hand over the top of my thigh. She moved up even further against me, and my hand was now hanging just in front of her breast. She put one foot up on the couch, leg bent at the knee; her legs were generously spread. I could see the crotch of her panties with minimal effort. A few dark brown pussy hairs showed on either side of the crotch of her white cotton panties. She was lost in the movie and the intense sex action on the screen, oblivious to the fact that she was really 'letting it all hang out'. My cock was throbbing as my fantasy came to life slowly before me. God bless that wonderful Asian fellow! I knew, when the guy on tv blew his load onto the girl's stomach and Wendy was practically panting as she squeezed the top of my thigh, that the next move was mine. There would be no resistance. But I would move slowly.

The next part of the movie developed into a girl-girl scene. A wide smile appeared on Wendy's face, 'This I've gotta see!' she said, seemingly to herself. As one girl went down on the other, I checked out Wendy's crotch again and saw a small dark, shiny wet spot. She was ready. As soon as I saw that ultra-focused trance-like state on her face again, I slowly reached a few inches down and ever-so-gently ran my index finger around the areola surrounding Wendy's bullet-hard nipple. I pinched the tip lightly through her nightshirt. 'Hhhhhhhh.......' Her eyes were still locked on the tv, where the two girls were working into the 69 position, but she made no effort to stop me. I couldn't beleive it: since I was 10 years old I had wanted to touch my sister's tits...and thanks to that stuff, whatever it was, she was loving it. Wendy's hand moved up my thigh toward the leg opening of my shorts and slipped under. She moved her hand up as far as she could, almost touching my balls, but not quite. She slid her hand back down and moved it up to my groin, rubbing over the thin meterial. There. On the outside of my shorts, her hand was palming my balls and the bottom of the shaft. I was almost breathing as heavily as her now.

The scene on-screen had evelved into a threesome; another well built man had entered the picture and was getting blown by both chicks at once. Wendy giggled like a little girl and reached up with her other hand to pull up her undersized nightshirt, wich had already ridden up around her belly. She pulled it up and held it up under her chin to expose her boobs to my hand as it continued lightly pulling, pinching, squeezing. Her nips stuck out almost a full inch from her areolas. As if from a far off place, Wendy whispered 'Yeah...Mmmmmmmm, Marky...' She had finally found the hole in the front of my shorts and slipped her hand inside, grasping my 9 and 3/4" inch cock in her delicate fist. She pulled it out and began stroking its length. I threw my head back in ecstacy. When I lifted my head back up, I looked down to watch my lovely sister Wendy giving me a hand job, alternating her gaze between the tv and my dick. I glanced back over at her crotch and saw that the small wet spot had grown into a large, rather messy puddle. I removed my arm from behind her head, releasing her tit, and brought it directly into her lap. Welcoming it, she spread her legs even more as I slid my fingers over the soaking wet center of her pussy. 'Ahhhhh, god, yes, yyyyyes....Ooooooh....' I pulled the crotch of her panties over to the side and started rubbing her warm wet cunt. 'Mmmmmm!' She was jerking me fairly hard now; and paying less and less attention to the tv. I fingered her hole and worked her clit until Wendy was almost in tears; suddenly she bent over and thrust her mouth over my cock. My god, she was blowing me! She devoured my cock ravenously, sucking and licking and jerking me off in her mouth. She had clearly lost control; thank god Dad was out because the noises she was making as she sucked my long cock would have been impossible to hide. I repositioned a little bit so I could continue fingering her dripping pussy. She was now basically an all fours on the couch sucking me so I reached across her back, and found her mound underneath her asshole. 2 fingers slid in and out effortlessly and she pushed back to meet my hand and increase penetration of my fingers. I stopped finger fucking to pay attention to her hard, swollen clit, at wich point her increasing noise level rose even more. Her head was bobbing up and down in a blur and I was going to come soon. As I wondered breifly if she would swallow my cum, Wendy pulled her head up off of my cock and looked me in the eye. 'Ohhhhh, Mark! OHHHH, MARKY!! OHHHOHHOOOHH!!!!' She came in an intense, quaking orgasm, spasming and shaking in ecstacy. As the tremors subsided, she started blowing me again, this time at a feverish pitch. She started moving back and forth on my fingers again, encouraging me to continue fingering. I felt it build and suddenly it was shooting into my sister's mouth and throat. I groaned lowdly as I let go. She sucked and swallowed and licked my hot, thick cum off her lips. 'Oh, my God...' she said, a pained expression on her face.

I was terrified for a second that she was instantly regretting what we had just done...How did the stuff work afterwards, anyway? Was there a hangover or something? But then she made herself perfectly clear: 'My god, that was fucking intense!! Mark! I don't know what's come over us...but that was awesome...' She was still under the influence, no doubt. As she snuggled up against me and fell asleep, I wondered how tomorrow would go...I carried her off to her room and put her to bed.

The next day I saw Wendy in the late afternoon when I returned from classes. She cornered me in the laundry room, out of Dad's earshot; she looked very concerned. 'About yesterday...I...I really don't know what came over me...us...I mean, we...I apologize if I freaked you out, I guess I came on pretty strong...' She looked a little confused, like she was still trying to figure this out. 'Can we just forget it ever happened? I think we'd both be better off if we just...kind of...forgot about it. Y'know?'

'Sure, Wendy, I hear you. It was pretty wild, and...I don't know, it just sart of...happened. Consider it forgotten.'

'OK...we're cool.' It's forgotten.'

Bullshit. I guessed that she'd be trying to figure out what had happened for a lifetime and I'd be figuring out how to make it happen again! I got to work almost immediately.

The following Sunday, 3 days later, Dad was away on a golfing day-trip. I'm not sure what Wendy's plans were for the day, but I would sure try to change them. When I woke up that morning, I asked her what was up for the day and she said that she was going to lunch with a friend and then shopping. We bickered a bit (as usual) about who would get the bathroom first. she won. 'Fine,' I said, 'I'll make coffee'. Of course, Wendy's cup contained an additional ingredient; and a slightly higher doseage, at that. While I showered, Wendy drank her morning coffee on the sunporch in her robe. I emerged from the bath, dressed in a tshirt and sweats.

'What's your hurry?'she asked, holding up her hand to stop me. I told her I was going to the gym.

'Going to work on the bod some more, eh?' she asked.

'Every chance I get,' I replied.

'You know. I really should join a gym. I've thought about it for years, but never do it. What do you think?' Her robe had slipped open just a bit, revealing a fair amount of one breast. She sat cross-legged in the deck chair and the robe rode pretty high up her thigh, as well. Was it starting again? Already? Wow. My cock moved against my leg...I knew how to find out.

I quickly looked her over. 'No way, Wendy. You're a hottie! A perfect ten! You don't need a gym.'

She beamed at me. 'Really? You really think so?' She started bouncing her leg up and down excitedly.

'Yes I do.' I tried to look casual as I stirred the pot. 'But what about me?' I asked not so innocently. 'Scale of 1 to 10. Go ahead; I can take it....'

Wendy looked at me coyly as she stood up. 'You...You're a definate 10...inches, I mean!' She burst out in hysterical laughter; I laughed along but I knew what I needed to know. 'Oh, sorry!' She grabbed my arm and her robe opened up even further, revealing an entire boob, nipple and all. 'We're not supposed to talk about that! Oh, my...oops...' She looked down at her fully exposed tit, and then up at me. 'Shame on you, Mark. Peeking at you sister! You're a bad boy...you should be spanked.' She closed her robe and reached over and patted my ass, smiling at me suggestively. 'Hey, I know...why don't you show me some workout routines on the weights that you have in your room? Then I could see if I'd like to go to a gym or not! Huh? Great idea!'

Playing along, I said, 'But I thought you were going to lunch with Judy! What about that?'

'Oh, fuck her! Judy doesn't need me to go shopping with her. I'll call her later. We can go some other time. Don't worry about her! I'd rather be here with you. Er, as my personal trainer,' she hastily added.

'Well, it's not really much of gym in my room, but I guess I could show you some stuff...' Playing along as my sister 'seduced me' was half the fun...

Her robe was open again; this time all the way down the front. I could see the small flowered panties she was wearing, barely covering her pussy. 'Yeah. Maybe we can show each other some stuff...' She caught me looking at her barely covered bush and looked at me seductively. 'Let's do it.'

We walked into my room, me first. She shut the door behind her. 'OK--over here. Let me get this junk organized...It's been a while...' I cleared years worth of stuff off of the weight bench and started collecting the weights from the closet.

'Take your time, Marky. I'm in no hurry.' she made no attempt to keep covered. Both titties were fully exposed, pushing out from the opening in her robe. She was watching me, waiting for me to notice.

'Ok, I can go through the basic...Jeez, Wendy, cover yourself!' I held up a hand in front of my eyes as if embarassed for her. 'And you're gonna have to change into something more...comfortable if you want to work out.' I dropped my hand, pretending to expect her to have closed her robe hastily. She smiled when my eyes again fell on her beautiful exposed boobies. My little sister was very proud of them.

She took a few steps over to the weight bench and said, 'But what could be more comfortable than...' Her robe fell to the floor. 'This?' She stood before me in just her panties with a devilish gleam in her eye. 'You don't mind, do you Marky?' God she was hot. Her hair was still a little damp and she looked incredibly sexy standing in my room wearing only her tiny panties. She sat down on the bench next to where I knelt and said, 'I want you to show me some 'special' excercises. I'd like to show you some, too. For instance, how about this one...' She took both my hands and brought them to her chest. She squeezed my hands, in turn squeezing her own titties. Her voice became darker, more breathy. 'You like that one?' She leaned over close to my ear and whispered as I kneaded her tits, 'I know we talked about this a few days ago, Mark, but I can't help it...I need to be with you. I feel like I'll die if I don't see it again...touch it again...right now...Do you feel it, too?' Her breath in my ear was finishing the job of stiffening my dick. It shone through my sweatpants like a beacon.
