 I have to tell somebody about this, and I can't tell anybody I know, so I guess it's gonna be you. My name is Rick, I'm 18, and I'm in my last year of high school. I live with my mom in a two bedroom apartment on the outskirts of downtown Chicago. Mom cuts hair and does facials and waxing for a living.

Every morning at 6:00 AM sharp she comes into my room with a cup of coffee and wakes me up for school. She always puts the coffee on my nightstand and then sits down on the side of the bed. "Hey Big Guy, up and at 'em. Time to rise and shine!" Same time, same routine every morning.

"Hey Mom." I roll around under the covers while she shakes my shoulders, pats my butt and kisses my neck. "A few more minutes?" Same thing, every morning. 

"Sure," she says. "You can get to school late. What college is going to care if you don't get to class on time?"

"Crap." I yawn, roll out of bed in my boxer shorts, grab the coffee, and head for the bathroom. Same thing, every morning.

So one night a few weeks ago, Mom went to a PTA meeting. As soon as she left, I called up my girlfriend Cindy and asked her to come over. We smoked a little weed and drank a little beer in the backyard, and then made out for a while in my room. It got late, my girlfriend left, and I fell asleep.

Next thing I knew: "Hey Big Guy, up and at 'em!" 

"Arrgh." I was a little hung over.

"C'mon, Rick, get up." She put one hand on my shoulder and the other hand on my butt, and started rocking me back and forth. 

"OK, I'm up, I'm up!" Mom stepped back as I pulled away the covers and stood up. I heard her gasp, and I looked at her. She was staring at my crotch. I looked down. Shit! After Cindy left I had fallen asleep in the nude. Now I was standing right in front of my mom with a serious morning hard-on: all 8 inches was pointing proudly right at her. As I stood frozen there for a moment, her eyes never wavered from my dick.

"Shit, Mom, I'm sorry!" I said as I climbed back into bed and pulled the sheet over me. 

"What?" Mom hadn't moved. She seemed to be in some kind of trance.

"I forgot I was naked."

"Oh. That." She finally came out of it, and sat down on the bed. She put her hand on my stomach – dangerously close to my still rock-hard cock, I thought. "Honey, I've seen everything there is to see on you... although, not for a while, I admit. You've... um, been developing nicely, I see. Nothing to be embarrassed about."

"Jeez, Mom, I'm embarrassed that I was standing in front of you with a hard-on."

"Honey, that's perfectly normal, especially in a young man your age. I'm your mom and I love you, and nothing you do can embarrass me, Sweetie." She gave me a little hug and stood up. "Now, get up and get into the shower." She stood back from the bed and waited.

Feeling sheepish, I pulled back the sheet and rolled out of bed. As I stood up, I saw Mom's eyes move downwards towards my erection again. Before I could walk to the bathroom Mom stepped towards me, put her arms around me, and gave me a big hug. As I hugged her back, I felt my cock pressing through her nightgown and against her leg. "I love you, Rick," she said.

"Me too, Mom."

She let go of me, and I grabbed the coffee cup off the nightstand and walked out the door, feeling my mom's eyes on my ass as I left. As usual I jacked off in the shower, but this time as I did it I was thinking about how my mom's eyes had been glued to my erect cock. When I came, the force of it almost made me fall over. Hmm, I thought, I'm going to have to try this again.

***

The next morning when Mom came in, I was naked again. I got up and grabbed the coffee cup. "Sleeping in the nude now, are we?" she said.

"Yeah, I sort of like it," I said. 

"Me, too," she said. I looked at her. She was staring at my hard-on again. Her eyes quickly moved up to mine, and her face reddened. "I mean... What I meant was, I sleep in the nude, too."

I looked at her nightgown.

"Of course, I throw something on before I make the coffee and wake you up."

"Why, Mom? Are you embarrassed to be naked around me? I thought you said there was nothing to be embarrassed about." I sipped at my coffee.

"Umm... no Sweetie, of course not, but... well, I'm your mother." As she said this, her eyes couldn't help straying down to my crotch again. I've never been the exhibitionist type, but I was starting to enjoy being naked around my mom. It gave me kind of a thrill that she liked looking at my dick.

"OK, Mom," I said. I gave her a hug, once again feeling my erection pressing into her. She hugged me back and gave my naked ass a little pat, which turned into sort of a caress. Then I walked off to take my shower, once again imagining that I could feel her eyes on my naked body as I moved.

***

The next morning when Mom came in to wake me up, she was naked, too. I got out of bed and stood up, and we looked at each other. My mouth hung open. My mom was a knockout! Long, toned legs. Slim waist. Beautiful full, firm breasts. Her nipples were erect. My first thought was, "She's cold," but then I detected the faint scent of her sex in the air. My mom was aroused.

As we continued to stare at each other, my penis, which had been soft and hanging down against my legs, now began to harden. My mom watched as it slowly thickened and hardened to its full 8 inches and pointed directly up at her. 

"Is this OK, Rick?" she said. Shyly, as if she were afraid that I'd be shocked, or that I wouldn't approve of her body. "I enjoy being naked, and after our, umm, our talk yesterday morning, I decided that it was silly for me to hide my body from my own son."

"Sure, Mom, of course it's OK. My God, you're beautiful! I had no idea. You could be a model."

She blushed, then did a little pirouette that let me see her gorgeous, tight little ass. When she had turned all the way back around, I realized for the first time that her vulva was totally hairless – either shaved or waxed. Also, although she was tanned, there were no tan lines anywhere on her body. Her flawless tits and ass were uniformly browned like the rest of her.

"Thanks, Sweetie. I try to stay in shape."

"It's working, Mom. You're hot! Can I ask you a question? How do you get an all-over tan? Do you use a tanning bed?" I was hoping to keep the conversation going as long as possible, afraid that I'd never get another chance to see my beautiful mother's naked body.

"No," she said. "Sometimes when you're at school, I lie out in the backyard and get some sun."

I drooled at the thought of my sexy mom lying naked by the pool. "Really?" I said. "What about the neighbors?"

"They can't see anything over the fence, Sweetie. You should try it sometime. It's good for the soul."

"Maybe I will, Mom."

Although she was talking to me, she was staring at my dick. I looked down. I was so excited that my erection was actually pointing up at a 45 degree angle, rather than just jutting straight out in front of me. Every time my heart beat, my dick would bounce up and down a little. It felt harder than it had ever been before. As we watched, a little drop of pre-cum oozed from the tip and slowly dripped towards the floor, trailing a long thin line behind. When I looked back up at my mom, she was licking her lips involuntarily.

"Can I ask you another question, Mom? I see that you don't have any hair... down there. Do you shave it?"

She tore her gaze from my hard-on and looked up at me. "Oh, no, Sweetie. A friend of mine at work waxes me, and I wax her."

"Why do you do it?" I said.

"Oh, well, it just makes me feel really clean and sexy. And it makes... umm, well, some things, umm, more fun to do." As she said this, her hand moved down and unconsciously rubbed her mons. I thought I would cum right then, and a little gasp escaped my lips. She realized what she was doing, quickly removed her hand, and blushed again. The smell of her sex was stronger in the air now.

"I get it, Mom." I looked down at my own hairy balls and dick. "Maybe I should get waxed, too. Could you or your friend do that for me?" Not that I wanted to get my ball hair pulled out, but I was excited by the thought of my mom actually touching me down there.

"Well... I'll think about it. For now, you'd better hit the shower, Sweetie."

"OK, Mom," I said. I stepped over to her and hugged her. I'm just a little taller than she is, and when we came together my erection pressed up against her bare vulva. I felt my pre-cum against her skin. She gave a little shiver, then hugged me back. When her hand moved to pat my ass, I moved my own hand down and rubbed her ass, too. She shivered again, then gently pushed me away.

I grabbed the coffee cup and walked toward the bathroom, my hard-on leading the way.

***

The rest of that week, Mom was naked when she came in with my coffee, and I was naked when I rolled out of bed. Rather than getting comfortable with the situation, I was more excited every day, waking up early and anticipating her arrival. I always had a rock-hard erection when I got up, and Mom always looked (and smelled) aroused as well. Our "naked hug" was the high point of my day, and I was turning into quite the exhibitionist.

The next week I took it up another notch. On Monday I woke up early with a raging hard-on, and decided to jack off in bed rather than in the shower. I put on headphones, but didn't turn on the MP3 player. I pulled the sheet down, uncovering my nude body, closed my eyes almost all the way, and slowly started rubbing the length of my erect shaft.

When Mom came through the door, I heard her gasp through my headphones. To her, it looked as though my eyes were closed and I was listening to music as I slowly jacked my erect cock. Her eyes were riveted to my prick as she slowly walked to my bedside and placed the coffee cup on the nightstand. I thought she would leave, but she just stood there, only a couple of feet away from me as I continued to jack off. 

Keeping my eyes almost closed, I moved my other hand down to the base of my cock, then began to caress my balls. I heard her moan a little, and watched as her left hand moved down and began to stroke her hairless pussy, while her right hand moved up and stroked across the tips of her erect nipples. I smelled the scent of her sex, stronger than ever before. I was turning on my own mom!

I was incredibly excited. Here I was jacking off in front of my mother, and it was making her horny. I was hoping that she would keep watching until I came, but was disappointed to see her suddenly walk out of the room. I guessed that maybe I had embarrassed her, or that the taboo of watching her own son engaged in a sex act was too much for her. But only a minute later, she returned carrying a small bottle. She sat down on the bed next to me and put her hand on my shoulder. 

I opened my eyes, feigning surprise. "Mom! Oh, jeez, I'm sorry!" I took off my headphones, but kept one hand on my prick.

"That's OK, Sweetie." She looked down at my erect cock, and licked her lips. "What you're doing is natural and healthy for a man your age. I brought you something that will make it more... enjoyable." 

She held up the little bottle, and I read the label. "Astroglide?"

"Yeah," she said, flipping the top open. "I use it when I... it makes everything slick." She squeezed a little drop out onto her finger and rubbed it around for me to see, then rubbed her wet fingers on my arm. "See? Would you like to try it?" She held out the bottle.

"Umm, sure," I said. "Go ahead."

She looked at me. "You mean you want me to put it on you?" she said.

"Sure, I guess," I said. I figured that she would just drip it onto my dick, or into my hand. But instead she squirted some into her hand, put the bottle down, and rubbed her hands together. I let go of my dick and watched in anticipation as her hands moved toward my pulsating cock.

When her hands touched me, I couldn't help moaning. It felt so good! First, both of her hands caressed my erection, moving up and down and twisting lightly around, spreading the Astroglide over the entire shaft. Then she moved one hand down to caress my balls, spreading the liquid across my nut sack as her other hand continued to work my cock. 

I looked at her face: she was staring at her hands moving up and down my erection, and gently moving my balls. She was breathing in short little pants, and her nipples looked hard enough to cut glass. Then she pulled her hands away from me and stood up.

"There," she said "That should make it a lot more comfortable for you."

"Don't stop, Mom! Oh, please, it feels so good!"

She stared at me without speaking, and I thought that maybe I'd gone too far. But then she sat back down on the bed and once again grabbed my big fat cock in her little hand. Again, I had to moan as she began working her hand up and down my shaft. 

I moaned, "Oh, Mom, yeah" and she started jacking me off faster. The Astroglide made it feel great, much better and much more sensation than jacking off dry. And it also made things noisier: Mom's hand made a rhythmic slap-slap-slap sound as she really began getting into it. After a while, I felt the familiar tingle. "Mom, I'm gonna cum!"

Her response was to moan a little, and to jack me faster than ever. The feeling started in my groin and spread up my stomach and down my legs. I watched as the first shot of my cum erupted from the tip of my cock and shot maybe three feet straight up into the air, then fell back down onto my legs and onto my mother's arm.

"Ohh! Aaaaah! Aaaaah! God! Aaaaah!" I bucked and moaned as I continued to shoot my cream all over myself and my mother's hand and arm. I placed my hand on her back and squeezed tight as my orgasm overtook me. 

"Yes, Baby" she hissed. 

The orgasm was so strong that I saw stars, and for a moment I was afraid that I might pass out. Slowly, my vision cleared and my cock stopped pumping its jism. Mom's hand stopped its jacking motion, and her thumb moved over the tip of my cock, smearing my cum all around the head. It felt incredible. I was in heaven.

"There," she said. "Better?"

I let out a shaky breath. "Mom, that felt amazing. The stuff is wonderful, and it feels so much better when someone else is doing it."

She looked at me, still rubbing the head of my dick with her thumb. "Do you do this every day, Sweetie?"

"Yeah, usually in the shower."

She looked away and was silent for a moment. "I could do this for you every morning, Rick... if you want."

"You're kidding," I said. "You'd really do that for me? Why?"

She looked back at me. "Yes, Sweetie. Because you need it, and because I love you, and because... I enjoyed it, too."

"Sometimes I jack off two or three times a day," I said hopefully.

She laughed and stood back up. "Let's just make this a morning wakeup thing for now." As she said this, she noticed my cum dripping down her arm. "I'm going to get something to clean us up," she said. I watched her naked ass move as she walked out, then watched her tits jiggle when she returned carrying a washcloth and a towel. She sat down and gently cleaned off my cock, balls, and legs, then wiped my cum off of her own arm and hand.

"You're still hard," she said.

"Yeah, well, this is pretty exciting for me."

"Me, too, Sweetie," she said. "Now, hit the shower."

I stood up and hugged her. This time, I let both of my hands grab onto her ass-cheeks, and pulled her body into mine. She moaned and ground her vulva into my erection, then put her hands on my shoulders, gave me a little kiss, and pushed me away. "Off with you," she said.

I grabbed the now lukewarm coffee and walked to the bathroom.

***

Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday were the same: my beautiful naked mother entered my room at 6:00 AM, carrying a washcloth and the little bottle of Astroglide. She pulled sheet down to uncover my nude body, and applied the filmy liquid to my cock and balls. If I wasn't already hard, she played with my penis until it was fully erect, then lovingly and expertly jacked me off until I erupted hard. I couldn't believe my good luck!

I desperately wanted to caress her tits, play with her pussy, and more, but I was afraid that if I did, it would shock her and put an end to my fun.

On Friday morning she came in at the usual time, naked, but without the washcloth and Astroglide. Shit! Had she decided that jacking off her own boy was wrong? My hard-on was aching for her touch.

"Mom?" I said.

She smiled. "Don't worry, Sweetie, I'm still going to take care of you. I just thought we'd do it a little differently today, if that's OK." 

She pulled the sheet and knelt between my legs, taking my raging erection into her hand.

"Are you going to jack me off dry?" I said.

"Not exactly." And with that, she bent down and took the head of my cock into her sweet mouth.

"Oh, Mom!" I moaned. I watched as her head bobbed down, engulfing maybe half of my penis, then back up again, then down and up again several times. She tongued me all over, wetting my entire shaft, then took me back into her mouth and bobbed her head all the way down until my entire 8 inches were in her mouth, and her lips were against my pubic bone. My own mother was deep-throating me. I can't describe how good it felt.

"Mom, your mouth feels so good on my cock!"

Her answer was a moan. She began to suck me off in earnest: while her head bobbed quickly up and down, her lips created a strong vacuum that intensified the feeling. Then she encircled the base of my penis with one hand and used it to follow her lips up and down. She was working every part of my dick all of the time, 

and it did the trick. I felt the tingle start.

"Mom, watch out, I'm gonna cum soon!" I expected her to pull her head away, but instead she moaned again and began sucking me harder and faster. I exploded into her mouth.

"Aaaaaaah! God, Mom!!" I began my usual bucking, and she put a hand on my abdomen to hold me down. Her mouth never left my cock, and I knew that she was swallowing my cum. No girl had ever done that for me, but my own sweet mother was doing it now. My orgasm finally subsided, and I stopped bucking.

"Ohhh," I said.

Mom pulled her mouth away from my dick and looked at me, and I could see a little trail of my cum dribbling down from her lower lip. As we looked at each other, her tongue flicked out and captured the cum droplet. She moved it around in her mouth for a moment, savoring it, then she swallowed. I shivered a little, and she smiled at me.

"Like it?" she said.

"Are you kidding, Mom? Can we do that every day?"

She laughed. "Could be," she said. Then she bent down and licked up some of the cum that had continued dribbling out of my cock-head, and swallowed that, too. She frowned up at me. "You're still hard."

I reached down and gently grabbed under her arms, and pulled her up to lay on top of me, face to face. "It's because you're so beautiful Mom," I said. My left hand moved down to caress her naked ass as my right hand moved behind her head, and I pulled her down to kiss me. Her eyes closed as our lips met, and her lips parted as my tongue found hers. She moaned deep in her throat, and ground her pussy into my hard-on as we passionately French kissed.

Then her eyes flew open and she pulled away, as though she'd just woken up.

"Well, umm... that was nice! I guess... I guess we should get you off to school now, heh heh." She stood up. "I sort of forgot to make coffee; I'll do that while you shower."

I stood up too. "Mom, did I do something wrong?"

"No, Sweetie, I just... we have to be careful is all. Do you understand?"

"Sure, Mom, I guess," I said. What I understood was that although she was willing to get me off, she didn't want it going any farther than that. She had drawn the line, but was maybe having a bit of a hard time staying on her side of it.
