 It wasn't that I didn't like my dad, it was just that I thought he was kind of a buffoon. A buffoon that had got real lucky, but he was the kind of guy who never realized it was luck that got him to where he was. It was Dad's good fortune to be at the right place at the right time and by a series of coincidences end up married to a woman who was far superior to him in just about every way.

When she was young Mom had gone to an all girl school. One night she met my father at one of those mixers. Dad was what one might call a townie, he had grown up in a large family in the same town that my Mom was going to college in. The night they were to meet, Mom's boyfriend had called to tell her that he thought their relationship wasn't working out ( he would later call begging to get back together, but by then it was too late) and that they should take a break from each other. Mom took the idea pretty hard and decided that it was a good night to get loaded on cheap beer and to find the nearest available guy and lose herself in a night of tawdry sex. The nearest available guy was my father - a guy whose life was about to change radically. It seemed the condom that my Dad was using had been in his wallet a little too long, that night it couldn't stand the action and it broke. The result of that happy accident would turn out to be my oldest sister.

Mom being a good girl, married my father and they proceeded to settle down and have two more kids, with me being the youngest. By the time I was 18 she had just turned 42 and my older sister and older brother had moved out of the house.

Let me tell you a little bit about my Mom, she looks a lot like Suzanne Summers. Same face, same body and beautiful naturally curly blonde hair that a little past her shoulders. But, her most compelling quality is a kind of sexual magnetism she exudes. Where ever we go I always notice men staring at her, sometimes in the most lustful fashions. Nobody seems to be immune to her, or to her charms. Men are constantly tripping all over themselves trying to please her, and most of the time they make complete fools of themselves. As far as I knew she had never been unfaithful to my father, even though, as he had once told me ( with some pride) that he didn't see the need to have sex more than once a month.

Even my friends were not immune. One day, over a few, illegally purchased beers my friend Chad told me that he was in love with my Mom. I thought he was joking, but the more we talked the more he convinced me he was serious. Before we had graduated in the fall, Chad had been a star football player for our high school team ( that's how I knew him. I played defensive end ) and a good-looking son of a bitch. In addition to his handsome face and body, Chad was hung like a horse. I knew that he had waxed the ass of almost every girl in the school worth having, so I was surprised to find out that he was fixated on my mother. When he asked me if it bothered me that he wanted to sleep with my Mom, I had to confess that it didn't, and if he wanted to go for it, he was more than welcome to. I may have objected if I thought he had a legitimate shot, but I knew my Mom and she wasn't the type to cheat on her husband - especially with a guy her son's age. 

I didn't think much more about it, until a week later when Chad brought up the subject again. He said he had been racking his brains but had not been able to come up with an idea of how to go about getting into my Mom's pants. After joking around a bit, I suggested he borrow his brother's van conversion ( a great fuck truck if there ever was one) and I'd talk my Mom into coming to the drive-in movies with us. I told him, we'd all have a few beers and at some point I'd split, and he'd have his shot. The one condition I laid down for arranging the whole thing was that he would hook up a video camera in the van so I could catch the action ( I thought it would be a good laugh watching my prudish mom fending off his horny advances). Chad enthusiastically agreed. He felt that if I could help him get her drunk he would take it from there.

That weekend my father left for a out of town golfing trip with some of his buddies. So, Chad and I realized that it was the perfect time to put our plan in to action. I told my Mom that Chad and I were going to a drive in movie, because a girl I knew might be there. She laughed and told me good luck. That evening right before I left I innocently asked my Mom what her plans were, she told me that she didn't have any. I told her she should come with us to the movies. At first she laughed and asked us why in the world two young studs like us would be interested in having an old lady along.

"We're not interested in having a old lady along. We're interested in having my young sexy Mom come with us." I said, and then added, "why just the other day Chad was telling me that he thought that I had the best looking Mom of anyone we knew."

Mom was flattered, and I thought I detected an air of excitement when I said that. I wondered if Chad may have a better chance with her then I was giving him credit for. Mom finally agreed that maybe it would be fun to go, and at least it would get her out of the house.

Chad picked us up at 6:30 in his brother's van conversion. Chad came from a rich family, and the van was posh. It had a no windows in the back ( for privacy), a double bed, and a killer stereo system. A perfect date vehicle. As Mom and I were getting into the front seat, Chad whispered to me that the camera was all set. I winked at him and off the three of us went.

Mom looked great that night, she was wearing a white tank top and a pair of tight fitting Levi's. She must have been wearing a wonder bra, because her tits looked magnificent. Chad said that there was some cold beer in the fridge, and Mom and I were welcome to it. He said that would stay the designated driver. Mom joked that my friends always seemed on such good behavior when she was around. I laughed and wondered what she would think of Chad's behavior later. I went back and got a six pack from the fridge, by the time we got to the drive-in Mom and I were ready to start in on a new six pack.

The drive- in was showing a double feature of horror movies. The Movie was not very good, which fit nicely in to the plan. By the first half-hour Mom was bored, and said that her head was spinning a little. Chad suggested she go lie down and Mom took him up on his offer. About five minutes later, Chad flipped a switch on the dashboard, whispered to me, "video camera." I gave him the thumbs up and patted him on the back and wished him good luck as he climbed in to the back of the van.

"What are you doing back here?" I heard my Mom ask. "I thought I would just have a couple of tokes on a joint I brought," Chad said, "want a hit?"

"I've never tried it before," Mom said.

"First time for everything," said Chad, as I heard him spark the joint.

Sticking her head out from behind the curtains that separated the front from the back Mom said, " Chad, wants me to get high with him, what do you think, kiddo? "

"Go for it." I said, " You're not an American until you've gotten high in the back of a van at the drive in." I heard Mom laugh and she said to Chad, "OK, I don't want to be unpatriotic. What do I do."

Chad explained to her how to inhale, and in a few moments I heard her softly coughing. After that there was silence for awhile, except for the movie, as they must have been passing the joint back and forth.

"Don't you want any of this?" I heard my mom ask me.

"No thanks, hon, I'm cool," I replied.

"I feel very relaxed," my Mom said. "I can make you feel more relaxed," Chad said, "lie down and let me rub your back."

"Well I won't say no to a back rub," Mom giggled. "Thank you kind sir."

I heard her stretching out on the bed. "Now, don't let me catch your hands wandering to low."

After a couple of minutes I heard Mom let out a low moan and say, "You're very good at this." I took that as a cue to leave.

"Hey, guys," I said, "I just saw that girl I told you about walk by, I'm going to follow her. Take off when you feel like it, I'll get a ride home from her."

Mom stuck her head out again. "Are you sure? We can wait for you."

"I'm sure," I said.

I heard Chad say "hey you, I'm not finished with you." And I saw mom being tugged in to the back again. Mom reached out and grabbed my hand and squeezed. "Got to go now," she said grinning, "have a great time."

"You too," I said and climbed out of the van.

I caught a ride home with some friends, and went up to my room to watch some tube and wait for my Mom to come home. Around 3 AM I heard Chad's Van starting up the driveway. I quickly turned out the light before they came in to view and watched. The Van pulled up and Chad turned off the engine. I sat and watched for almost 15 minutes, finally the door opened and my Mom got out. She looked a little wobbly. Chad climbed out and went to her side and grabbed her as she was walking a way. He pulled her back towards him and kissed her. The kiss grew quite passionate and the Mom opened Chad's shirt and began kissing his chest. Chad started rubbing mom's crotch through her jeans. At one point he practically lifted her off the ground as he dry humped against her. For a moment their actions made me think they were going to fuck right there, but finally Mom pushed him away and said good night and came in side. I pretended to sleep as I heard Mom stop by my door and then walk down the hall to her room.

The next morning I woke up around 10 and called Chad. He sounded sleepy, but he told me to come over and check out the tape. I hurried down stairs and found my mom sipping coffee out on the patio.

"Where are you going?" she asked me cheerfully.

"Going to a softball game with some friends," I said.

"With Chad?" she asked nervously. I ignored the tone.

"No, I called, that bum said he had other plans, I guess I'll see him tomorrow.......Hey by the way, I didn't hear you come in last night. I must have been dead to the world. What time did you get in?"

"Oh, We got in late," said Mom. "We fell asleep in the back of the van."

"Alright, well I'll see you tonight than," I said.

"Good, let's have dinner tonight, just the two of us, I miss talking to my son," she said.

I kissed her good - bye and was off to Chad's.

When I got to Chad's place I went up to his room. Chad handed me the tape. "Before you start watching, I want you to know that I really love your Mom," he said.

"Is that why you're letting me watch a tape of you two?" I joked. 

"Well, I love you too, man," he said with a laugh. 

I switched on the tape, Chad had skipped forward to the point where I got out of the van.

Mom was lying on her stomach and Chad was massaging her back. After a few minutes he asked.

"Why don't you take off your shirt?"

Mom giggled, "I don't think that would be such a good idea." "Oh, come on Mrs. Browning, it'll feel a lot better." "O.K, but are the doors locked up front? I don't want Tommy walking in and seeing me with my blouse off," Mom said.

Chad went up to lock the doors and Mom slipped out of her tank top. She was wearing a white, lacy bra, and her breasts were straining to get out, as Chad came back she laid down again. Chad continued to work on her back, and after a few minutes he unclasped Mom's bra strap and began to massage that area more vigorously. Mom was quiet. Chad got a little more daring and started to gently rub the side of Mom's breasts from time to time. Instead of objecting Mom just gave a contented sigh. Chad then worked his way down her back to rub the top of her ass cheeks. Mom writhed in pleasure. He reached around and pulled her hips up of the bed and Mom followed his lead and arched up a little toward him, sticking her butt in the air. Chad's hands reached around and undid Mom's belt buck and unfastened her jeans.

"Chad," mom whispered breathily, "you shouldn't." "It'll be easier to rub you," he said. 

"This is a crazy," she cooed, "but it does feel good."

Mom lifted her hips again and held on to her panties as Chad peeled her jeans off, taking off her sock and sneakers in the process. He immediately set back to work, massaging her back. This time when he got up to her breast he put his hand under the bra and scooped her tit up. Mom lifted off the bed to give him easier access. Chad massaged her naked tit, playing with her stiffening nipple. Mom made no effort at all to stop him, instead she started to writhe in pleasure. Chad put pressure on her hips and flipped her over, Mom was now on her back and Chad pulled the bra that was still on her breasts completely off and threw it on the floor.

I know this may seem strange, but I realized that this was the first time I had seen Mom's breasts in all their glory. And they were beautiful, round and firm with big nipples that were now erect. I didn't get a chance to look too long because Chad lowered his head and began to lick, suck and bite Mom's tits. Mom began to respond breathing heavily and then she stopped him and pulled him up so she could kiss him, at first softly and then with deep tongue kissing. After a few minutes of this and some serious dry humping Chad broke away, got up and began tearing his cloths off. Mom watched him in silence.

"God, do I want to fuck you," Chad said.

"Honey, we can't do that. I'm married," said Mom, "I can't be unfaithful to my hus-" Mom stopped talking when she saw the size of Chad's huge penis. She was mesmerized.

Chad used her pause to his advantage, he reached down and skinned Mom's panties right off her.

"Chad, we shouldn't," Mom said, as she spoke her eyes were glued to Chad's powerful erection.

"Should I get a rubber?" Chad asked.

"I not sure we should do this at all," Mom said.

"Look," he said " let me just feel what it's like to be inside you, we can stop if you say so, but let me just feel what it's like to be inside you. If we don't my balls will explode."

Mom thought about that for a moment. "Will you promise to pull out after just a few seconds?" Mom asked meekly.

"I promise to pull out the second you tell me to."

Chad moved on top of my Mom and she grabbed his big prick and guided it to her wet snatch. At the entrance Mom paused for a second and said, " I can't believe we're doing this......just for a few seconds right?"

Chad nodded.

"Alright, pushhhh."

Chad pushed his huge cock into her. Mom gave out a high pitched yelp. Automatically her legs wrapped themselves around Chad's back and pulled him tighter to her. They kissed deeply as he began to slide in and out of her.

"God, you feel good inside me," Mom whispered.

"You're unbelievably tight Mrs. Browning, it feels like I'm inside warm velvet, I've never felt this way before."

"I can't believe we're doing this.... Ahhh... Don't stop, I'm going to come soon." Mom cried out.

"Should I get a rubber?" Chad asked.

"We should stop, but not yet. If you come in me, it's alright because I'm protected."

Chad now picked up the pace and was really starting to put it to her. I heard mom tell him that she had never had a cock so wonderfully big filling her up. They were fucking wildly, building to a massive crescendo. Mom was calling out Chad's name, Chad was telling her how much he loved her.

"Oh I love you too, baby. Your going to make me COMMMMMMEEEEE!!!!!" Mom's orgasm gripped her and she clung to Chad's body, savagely in the hold of a mind shattering orgasm. Suddenly Chad stopped pumping, he gripped Mom's ass hard and he froze. You could see on the tape that he was coming, releasing a flood of semen in to Mom's warm embracing cunt.

"OH I'M CUMMMIIINNGG!!!!!!" Chad bellowed. "Oh yes Chad, come in me baby, I LOOOVVEEE YOOOUUUU!!!" Mom screamed. Mom was racked by a second powerful orgasm.

The lay together for a long time, kissing, Chad never withdrew his penis, and eventually they started fucking again. This time Chad flipped Mom over and began to give it to Mom from behind. Mom's face was buried in the pillow as Chad plowed in to her. At one point the rat turned to the camera and smiled. The tape went on like that for several hours, with them doing it in literally a dozen different positions. Every once in a while they would take a break and talk for a few minutes but then get right back to the action.

They did everything.

At one point Chad wanted to take my Mom up the ass, but Mom said that she was cherry back there, and she didn't feel right about it, because her husband had begged her for years to do it that way and she had always refused. Chad was insistent though, and finally mom consented. Mom took Chad up her shit chute like a champ, using nothing more then just spit and cum as a lubricant. Mom had two more orgasms like that and Chad had a tremendous orgasm shooting a big load up Mom's ass. Afterwards they talked about how great it had been, and mom said she was glad that he was the one to do that to her. Mom told Chad that their night had been wonderful, but that she couldn't betray her husband again like that.

Although we had fast-forwarded through many parts, the tape ran for a good three hour. One session of 69 seemed to go on at least forty-five minutes - at one point I was amazed that Mom could still breath, as she had his piped jammed completly down her throat. The tape was just finishing up when Chad's phone rang. It was my Mom. She wanted to know if Chad wanted to meet her at a hotel for a few hours.

Chad quickly agreed and they made plans. So much for my Mom's promise to remain faithful

As I was walking home that day I thought about my Mom and Chad. I was pleased how things had worked out, I liked Chad and I was happy for him, but I had to admit I felt a little jealous. I wanted to be the one screwing my Mom in a hotel room. With this thought in mind, I began hatching a plot...........But, that's a story for another time.