 Lisa Kahn took a sip of the hot coffee, then pulled the photo envelope from her purse. They were the pictures she had taken of her son Bobby's high school graduation the previous week. The one she liked the best was the one of her husband and son together. She marveled at their appearance. They were enough alike to be twins. Same muscular build, same dark hair and good looks, same stance, and although the picture didn't show it, the same hard, tight rear-end, she thought with a chuckle. Only a close up would have revealed Roger's puffy, red rimmed eyes and less than tight features. Drink was beginning to show more and more. If he didn't work on high steel construction, where he had to keep in shape, she knew he would be even worse. 

This week was the last chance for them. She had given him fair warning that if he continued drinking she would divorce him. He and Bobby had gone on ahead a week earlier to the lodge where they were to enjoy a short vacation, to do a little fishing. Tonight she would join them. While she no longer loved Roger, she was willing to keep the marriage going if Roger would once again become the lover he had been. At thirty six, she was in the prime of her life and sex was a necessary part of it. It had been six months since Roger had touched her, the drink always making him impotent and unwilling to try. If he had quit drinking for this week like he promised, she was going to give him the sex adventure of his life. She finished her coffee and got back on the road. It was still an hours drive to the lodge. She looked at her watch, 11:00pm, she would be there after he had gone to bed, but she was sure she knew how to wake him. The time flew by and suddenly she was there. 

Lisa identified herself at the desk and picked up the extra key to their room. She checked with the clerk to be sure their son, Bobby, had a room of his own.

Upstairs, she slowly stepped in, setting her bag inside. The room was almost dark, the drapes being drawn over the massive windows she knew overlooked the lake. The light from the hallway showed two king sized beds, the right one was still made up. Closing the door she again plunged the room into darkness. Cautiously she approached the empty bed. She kicked off her shoes and removed her blouse. She followed with her skirt and panty hose. A quick flick of the front closure bra and it slid down her arms. Her eyes were adjusting to the dark. She couldn't make out any detail, but she could see the other bed and the dark head against the white pillow. There were no signs of empty bottles nor the smell of liquor in the room. God, maybe he has really quit, she thought. Lisa hooked her thumbs in her panties and slid them over her hips, letting them fall at her feet. Softly she padded to the bed and leaned over the sleeping figure.

Bobby, who had gone to bed only minutes earlier, heard the door open. He was puzzled by the fact that the door had been opened with a key. His father had liked Bobby's room, which was closer to the bar and they had traded rooms, and he had given Bobby the only key. Finally, Bobby saw the figure next to the other bed silhouetted against a stray beam of moonlight coming through a slight part in the drapes. He realized suddenly that it was his mother, who had obtained the other key at the desk. He was about to tell her that his dad was in the other room, when she began to undress. Bobby was torn between what he should do and what he wanted to do. His mother had a great figure. He knew from a mail order she had placed that she had a 36c 24 36 body. Her auburn hair was shoulder length and her legs were those of the dancer she had studied to be. In short she was a ten in anyone's book. 

Since the age of thirteen, he had taken every opportunity to catch her in various modes of undress, mostly when she showered and was careless about closing her bedroom door. Many a time he had sneaked in to her bedroom and watched as she soaped herself behind the glass shower doors. At other times he would get a peek of her panties as she crossed her beautiful long legs. Once, when his father had been drinking, he had arrived home early from school and found them in the kitchen, his mother stripped to her panties and bra, struggling to get away. He had been unable to take his eyes off her see through bra and thin panties showing the dark bush underneath. His mother had used his arrival to break free of his father's embrace and flee to her bedroom, but not before she had looked into his eyes and knew he had seen most of her charms. A quick glance at the bulge in the front of his jeans also showed her how aroused he was.

Now here she was in his room, undressing in front of him. He strained to see, but the light was dim and all he could see was her outline. He watched as she removed each article of clothing and finally stood naked in the middle of the room. Before he could think of how to tell her she was in the wrong room, she was at the side of the bed and a second later she had lifted the sheet and slipped in next to him. He gasped at the contact of her bare skin against his side.

"Shh," she said. "You've been a good boy, so I have a surprise for you. Don't say or do anything, let me do it all." "But . . ." Bobby started to protest. "Shush. For once in your life, Roger, just shut up." Lisa hissed. Bobby was stunned into silence. He felt her body press against his side, felt the wiry strands of her pubic hair against his hip and then she lifted her leg and laid it across his midsection, her knee resting on his stiffening cock.

Lisa ran her hands over the hard muscles of his chest and let her fingers trace small circles around first one nipple then the other. She felt his cock rise and go hard under her leg. She moved her knee up and down the whole eight inches of it. Gradually she traced the light hair trail down the front of his stomach and then stroked her fingers through the curls of his pubic hair.

Bobby lay rigid as his mother moved her knee up and down his rigid cock. The sensation was better than he had ever fantasized about. Her pussy hair tickled his hip and he wanted to turn so his massive hard on could contact that furry slit. Suddenly she moved up his body, her large breasts making hot trails up his belly and chest. Then he felt her tongue licking his jaw from his ear to his chin. Before he could react, her mouth clamped on his and he felt her tongue dart inside and flick against his like a striking snake. He groaned and opened his mouth wide, she wrapped her tongue around his, as he grasped her in his arms. She moaned against his mouth and pressed her hard nipples against his chest. They were lost in the tonguing and kissing. Finally gasping for breath, she broke away and began kissing his chest. Slowly she kissed down his hard flat stomach, then he felt the first contact, as her cheek bumped against the hard cock now reaching almost to his belly button. She raised her head and suddenly he felt her tongue flicking the head of his massive hard-on and inch by inch trace the length of the throbbing shaft.

Lisa ran her tongue down his cock shaft until her nose was embedded in the hair around his balls. She gently cupped his two large nuts in her hand and massaged them as her tongue continued to lick his long rod. He began to move, raising his hips to meet her tongue working up and down the rock hard meat. She liked to make him reach for it, liked the control it gave her. She continued to tease by sucking up to the head then swiping once or twice around it but never taking it into her mouth. He groaned in frustration and raised his hips. Finally, Lisa relented, and on her next slide to the head, she hesitated, her tongue flicking against the pee hole, then slowly she engulfed the massive head with her hot mouth. She was surprised by the hardness of it and it even seemed longer than she remembered. But it had been such a long time, and it was heavenly to feel his cock slipping between her lips. He raised his hips and drove his cock deep in her sucking mouth. Lisa gagged, but kept her mouth hard down on the pumping bar of hot prick. She knew what he liked, so she quickly shifted around and planted her pussy directly over his face.

Gently, his mother lowered her pussy to his waiting mouth. For a moment Bobby let it rest against his hot lips. It was a fantasy position he had dreamed of many times as he beat his rigid meat in the middle of dark nights. Now here she was pressing her wet, hot, fuzz covered lips against his face, smothering him in their hot moisture, filling his nostrils with her womanly odor. He stuck out his tongue and tasted her. She groaned. He began to lick up and down his mother's opening lips. His tongue found her channel and he drove it deep into her foaming pussy, his whole face forced between her wet lips. He moved his mouth around as Lisa pumped her head up and down on his rigid cock. Soon he worked his way to her clit, and when he found the little shaft sticking out of its hood he sucked it into his mouth and began to move his mouth up, down and around the hard nubbin as Lisa was doing to his cock.

Lisa groaned in ecstasy as she felt the molten juices rising in her belly. She had dreamed of this all day, had prepared herself for his licking tongue and sucking lips. She ground her pussy against his searching mouth.

"Ummmmmm . . . ummm" she hummed into his rigid shaft. She increased her speed on his cock, as the hot fluid flowed up her channel and with a wiggle and thrusting against his sucking mouth she flooded her passage with the first orgasm in many months. Bobby licked and sucked as her juices flooded into his waiting mouth. He sucked in the sweetness, unable to get enough of the nectar. She mashed her writhing hips against his face as Bobby continued to tongue her clit with hard flicks of the hooded little shaft. Lisa slowed her pulsing body and lay with her pussy pressed against his hot mouth. She had frozen in mid stride on his meaty pole as the orgasm had roared through her. Now, she again began the nibbling and sucking up and down the iron-hard organ.

Bobby couldn't believe what had occurred. He had just sucked his mother's pussy and caused her to have an orgasm. Nor could he believe she was sucking his cock. He knew it would all be discovered sooner or later, but in the meantime, he was going to enjoy as much of her pussy as was possible. And before it's all over, he thought, she will know that I sucked her pussy and made her cum. But Bobby was feeling the effects of her sucking and could feel his own fluid gathering in his balls. The thrill of his mother sucking his cock raced through him. It was a feeling like nothing he had ever experienced, his cock grew even harder than it already was.

Lisa felt it too, and although she wanted him to shoot his hot cum in her mouth, she also needed to be fucked. She needed to have his hot cock deep in her pussy, that had not felt a cock for months. Tearing herself away from his still sucking mouth, she switched positions and placed her knees on each side of his hips. Grasping his cock, she guided it to her dripping cunt lips and slowly lowered her pussy on to his rigid cock shaft. Once she felt the head penetrate her channel, she quickly lowered herself until his complete hard bar of hot meat was buried in her pussy. Strange, she thought, it goes deeper than it ever did. But she was not complaining about his fuller, harder cock, whatever had caused it, it was welcome in her clutching passage. She leaned forward and allowed her tight perky nipples to brush his lips. Bobby was quick to open his mouth and suck one in. His tongue played around the little hard shaft of flesh, as he sucked a generous amount of her breast into his mouth. She pulled the swollen nipple from him, and glued her lips to his, their tongues entwined and thrust against each other as she began a slow glide up and down the eight inch pole of rigid flesh.

Bobby couldn't believe how tight she was. Couldn't believe he was fucking his own mother and she was riding his cock with her broad ass bouncing against his braced legs. In his wildest dreams, he had never imagined that fucking her would be this good. His cock felt like it was being grasped by a hand and every little bit he could feel her muscles clutch his prick, squeezing it as she raised and lowered her ass that was engulfing his cock head. Then he heard her begin to grunt and groan, and rock her ass from front to back, as she drug her clit against his cock base and this time she cried out as the orgasm overtook her.

"Honey, I'm going to cum, going to cum, going to . . . ohhhhhhh god, uh huh, uh huh, push, oh, honey, push."

Bobby didn't need any urging to push his throbbing cock into his mother's clutching channel. He was too near his own climax to be able to hold off anymore. The newness of it all and the desire to prolong the fucking had allowed him to hold it all in, but now he could feel the juice starting up his shaft. He thrust his pelvis up against her and groaned deep in his throat as the juice traveled up the tube.

"Ungggg, ahhhhhh ahhhhhhh," Bobby gurgled against her mouth. Lisa felt the thrusting and knew what it meant, she drove harder down against his cock base and as the first shot of white cum hit her womb, she screwed her ass against his pelvis and made sure his cock was pressed tight into her as far as possible. She clamped her mouth against his and their tongues fucked each other as he shot load after load of cum into his mother's hot pussy. Each pushed against the other, trying to get as much of his cock into her as possible. The pressure subsided and her mouth slid from his and she allowed her lips to trace a line on his neck. She lay half in a stupor. The orgasm for both had been a mind blowing experience and it took them some time to recover. When Lisa did become aware of her surroundings again, the first thing she noticed was his throbbing cock still was filling her sopping wet channel. She wiggled slightly and he answered with a thrust into her still engulfing pussy. 

"Oh, my god," she whispered, "you're still hard. I can't believe it. Well honey, if you want some more you came to the right girl. Or should I say you came IN the right girl." A second later she was riding his cock like she hadn't been fucked in months. She drove his prick as far up her pussy as she could get it, and then raising each time until the head was on the verge of coming out of her clasping lips before thrusting her weight down the pole to bottom against his massive balls.

"So good, honey, so good," she panted. "It's been too long, I need that hard cock every day, or twice a day, or more, you hear?"

Bobby grunted as he drove into his mother. Lisa took that as an agreement to her desires.

Bobby thrust his cock up into his mother's pussy time after time, feeling the sides of her channel closing around it, as he forced his meat up her sopping wet tube. He had never felt anything so wonderful as his mother's hot inner lips wrapping around his massive cock. He wished he could fuck her forever. Fuck her, and suck her pussy, lick her clit and suck her full, pointed, hard nippled tits.

Lisa was moaning with every thrust now, she had never been fucked as good as she was being fucked now, and his cock seemed to fit better than it ever had. She knew if she got the chance, she could make him hard again and they could fuck again later. She wanted his mouth on her pussy too, his tongue had done wonders for her clit and the lips of her pussy. Her thoughts caused her to speed up and try to get more and more of this wonderful cock into her. Then she felt his balls twitch and he began to tense. She knew he was ready to fill her pussy again with his hot, white, sticky fluid and she wanted to cum with him. But this time she wanted to feel him driving into her.

"Over," she grunted. "Over. I want you to fuck me . . . fuck me hard." Bobby immediately rolled them over, almost without missing a stroke. He pounded into her with all his might. She began to thrash about under him, throwing herself up and down with abandon, flinging her arms out as she opened herself to his massive meaty shaft. She arched her back to take more of his cock. Her hand slammed against the lamp on the night stand, one of those lamps that come on when the base is touched. Suddenly the room was bathed in light. As she looked into her son's face, she felt the first shot of his cum hit her cervix and felt her own orgasm send chills up her spine, shaking her body into a rapture she could no longer control.

"Oh my god, no, Bobby, nooo! Oh my god. Ohhh nooo . . . I'm gonna cum, Bobby. I'm your mother and I'm cummming. Ohhhhh god we're fucking and you made me cum! Made me cummmm. Ohhhh Bobby!"

As Lisa involuntarily raised her ass off the bed, Bobby buried his cock deep in her pussy and shot load after load of white juice into her.

"My cock's in you, mom. My cock's in you and I'm shooting my juice in you.

Neither Lisa nor Bobby could stop the inevitable thrusting as they answered natures drive to get his seed deep into her. As they shot squirt after squirt from her pussy and his cock and their juices mixed, neither took their eyes off the face of the other, not realizing they were sealing a pact forever. There would always be this recognition between them that they had thrust their bodies together in the universal mating process and found the other an exciting partner. He lustful enough to cause her to shoot her liquid to smooth the channel for his entrance, and she lustful enough to cause her lover to shoot millions of seeds into her womb. And what was more, each had found mind blowing satisfaction in the act, not once, but multiple times. Their thrusting slowed, then stopped, and they lay drained, fulfilled. His cock still half-hard, rested in her satiated pussy.

"Up. Get up. Take it out," Lisa whispered. She put her hands against his chest and pushed. "I have to get up. For god's sake, Bobby, pull it out, I have to get up."

Bobby raised up on his arms and pulled his still swollen prick from her sheath. Lisa watched in fascination as the wet, red meat slid from her saturated channel. The sucking sound was loud in the quiet room. The sound was fantastically sexual. She shivered. In spite of herself, she couldn't help feeling a stirring of lust deep in her pussy. God, she thought, his cock is the most satisfying thing I've ever felt. She chided herself. My god Lisa he's your son, fucking him was a mistake, even if he was good. As Bobby rolled off her on to his back, Lisa sat up and swinging her feet off the bed, stood up. Bobby never took his eyes off her fantastic ass as she walked to the other bed. Lisa kept her back to him as she put on her skirt and blouse. She tucked her panties, hose and bra into her suitcase.

"Where's your father's room?"

"Third door down on the left," he said. His eyes stared at her nipples outlined in her blouse. "I have the extra key," he said. "I'll get it." He stood up and without covering himself walked to his pants on the chair and took the keys from the pocket. His cock, still half-hard, swung obscenely back and forth as he moved across the room.

Lisa followed the swinging member with her eyes, her pussy twitching with each step he took. Foolishly she almost told him to cover himself, then realized the ridiculousness of the thought. Lisa picked up her suitcase and purse. Bobby handed her the keys.


Suddenly he moved closer, and, putting one hand behind her shoulders and the other on the mound of her pussy, he kissed her full on the mouth. He forced his tongue against her lips, and for a moment she resisted, tried to pull her pussy away from his probing hand, her mouth from his tongue. Then with a groan from deep inside, she opened her mouth and her tongue found his, and she thrust her still throbbing pussy against his massaging palm. They clung together, both aware that this time the taboo they were breaking was no accident. Finally Bobby released her and stepped back.
