 Jean, his mother's younger sister, arrived at the house bright and early on Saturday morning.

"Hi squirt," she said. Rick didn't resent the slam it was a nickname she had given him when he was born. At the time, she was six and thought the name was cute. They had always been closer than most nephews and aunts, with a typical little girl thought process she felt it was her duty to help take care of him. "Hi Jean," his mother and he said in unison. "What's up?" his mother added.

"Don't you two remember, you promised to help me take some furniture out to the storage shed at Mom and Dad's farm. Didn't you have some too Terri?"

"Oh, I completely forgot, but it doesn't matter for it's all separated in the back bedroom." She turned to her son. "Can you help Rick?"

"Yeah," He said. "I've got nothing planned for the day. Tod's out of town and Jeff is sick in bed, so there's no one to hang out with."

As husky as Rick was, it was still a lot of work to load the bed, chest and boxes from his aunts house and from his own into the pickup. Finally after two hours they were ready to go. Rick covered the load, because it looked like rain and even had to move a couple of the boxes inside the truck setting it on the seat next to Jean.

"You're going to have to sit on Rick's lap," Jean said to Terri, "There won't be enough room otherwise."

"That will be alright, won't it Rick?" his mother said.

"Well as long as you don't weigh a ton, and take up the whole side of the truck," he said laughing.

"I'll have you know I weigh one hundred and five pounds, young man, and I'm only five foot three, not six foot three." She was grinning when she said it, but there was a little bit of pride in her voice. At thirty-six, his mother had the body and looks of a high school senior. Although few high school girls had 36C boobs that were full, firm and had such prominent nipples, plus a number ten ass. Calling his attention to her body was not the best thing she could have done. 

He settled himself in the seat and she climbed in and, placing her feet between his, she lowered herself to his lap. She was wearing a thin summer dress and he had seen only a bikini panty line and bra under it. He immediately felt the heat from her body flow into his crotch area. He turned his mind to the road ahead. Jean pulled away, and moments later they were on the country road to the farm, twenty miles away. 

The road was under construction for more than five miles and the truck bounced with a steady rhythm as it rolled along the ridges left by the road grader. 

Jean and his mother kept up a constant chatter about girl things, leaving Rick with his own thoughts. In time, he became aware of the rhythmic bouncing and the heat emanating from his mother's ass as it pressed against his crotch. Suddenly, to his horror, his cock began responding to the movement. He felt the first stirrings of a hard on. He tried to think of other things, but the more he tried thinking of other things, the more he thought of his cock. Gradually, his dick became firmer and began to rise, until it was contained by the ass pressing down on it. This pressure only succeeded in causing it to become more rigid, until it was like a bar of steel. He could feel the crack between his mother's legs, and finally, her pussy, as the rigid shaft forced itself against the spread cheeks of her ass. 

There was no doubt she could feel the hard bar against her pussy, but she made no motion or comment that indicated she was aware of his predicament.

Terri at first ignored the hard rod pushing against her ass. Then without thinking, she adjusted herself slightly and the pressure switched directly to her pussy. In the beginning, she was irritated that her own son would get an erection from her sitting on his lap. But the more she thought about it, the funnier it became. What a waste of a good hard-on she thought; getting rigid for your mother. Terri almost laughed out loud. The bouncing of the seat, caused the hard member to slip back and forth along her lips. Then a sudden bump drove his cock head against her forcing her panties and thin dress between her lips for just a split second.

A minute later, thinking about the incident, Terri knew that technically, for that split second, her son's cock had been in her pussy. True, it had just been the very tip and it had been covered by panties and dress, but was that any different then being covered by a condom? The thought was so erotic, that her pussy flooded with moisture. She had certainly never considered her son a sexual being, or partner. She was happily married, and although her husband had had a stroke three months earlier and the doctor had suggested no sex for a period of six months, she was not sexually frustrated. Her husband's fingers and her vibrator had provided all the sex she required. 

The bouncing cock rubbing against her pussy slowly demanded her full attention. She couldn't help but squeeze her ass cheeks together, to try to close her exposure, but it had the opposite affect, it reminded her that an eighteen year old cock was thrusting itself against the lips of her wet pussy. Terri felt what she thought was an answering thrust from Rick's prick to her movement. Why that little brat, she thought, he is coming on to me by flexing his cock against me. But instead of getting angry, she actually responded by again pushing against his rising rod. Minutes later, they whipped into the drive at the farm, and Terri breathed a sigh of relief. She had been dangerously close to starting something that could have ruined both their lives. 

The road got a little rougher and the motion of the truck added a side to side sway to the jogging motion. Rick would have sworn the heat coming from her thighs and ass increased more and more. It couldn't have been more like fucking if they had been in a bed. Just when he was about to blow his load all over, they turned into the farm drive and the truck rolled to a stop.

"There," said Jean, "that wasn't so bad, was it?"

"I thought it worked out perfect," his mother said. She turned on his lap, grinding her ass against his hard cock, and slowly slid out of the truck to the ground, her dress sliding up until her panties were just peeking from underneath. "I don't think Rick minded a bit. Did you honey?" She turned to him and winked. 

He couldn't believe what she had said. 

"Ah, no, I agree with you, it was just perfect. The time just flew by," he said.

"Great," Jean said. "Why don't we go in and see where Dad wants this stuff put.

"Rick," his mom said, "why don't you stay out here and, ah, maybe untie the covering, you know get things settled down." Her eyes flicked to his crotch and returned to his face. He blushed, when he realized his hard-on was standing out tent like from the front of his shorts.

"Okay, I'll . . . I'll get things ready to carry in," he stammered

She grinned and walked around the truck to join Jean on her way to the house.

Within twenty minutes, the load was in the house, and they were ready to start home. But as usual when they visited grandma, she insisted they take some home-canned fruit home with them, so they ended up with three large cardboard boxes. Just as they were loading them, it began to rain. Grandpa suggested we put the boxes in the truck to keep the cardboard from getting wet and falling apart, so again there were boxes taking up the middle of the truck seat and Terri had to ride on Rick's lap again.

Within a short distance, Rick's cock achieved its original proportions and began rubbing her pussy. There was little doubt he knew it was exciting her. If her panties hadn't slipped into her crack, and began rubbing her clit each time the truck bounced his cock against her, she would have been able to keep herself under control. Actually, Terri accidentally made the first thrust. Although later she was to wonder if it had been all accident. Her leg was falling asleep because of the odd angle she was holding it and she raised her foot slightly to move it. The resulting loss of support of her ass had allowed it to rest heavier on her son's cock. When he pushed back in response, she was unable to keep her wet pussy from answering the hard rod tapping at its portal.

The trip home was slower due to the rain, but just as rough, and within the first mile his hard-on was back in full force. His mom adjusted her ass so his rigid cock fit exactly between her legs and his cock was thrust tightly against her pussy. After a few rough jolts, he felt what appeared to be a soft push downward against his prick from his mom's ass. It was hard to tell. He waited for a moment then was sure he felt another push. He was afraid to return the push, for fear he was imagining things, doing a lot of wishful thinking. Then it happened again and there was little doubt his mom was pushing her pussy against his hard-on. In answer he flexed his cock. 

He knew the movement would be so minor she would barely feel it, but if she had pushed, it would be enough, if she hadn't it wasn't so strong that it would feel like he was trying to fuck her if he had guessed wrong. Immediately he felt an answering push. He answered with a strong thrust toward her pussy. Her response was immediate, and within seconds they were dry fucking. The boxes stacked between his aunt and he and his mother prevented her from seeing anything but their heads and shoulders. They were keeping the thrusting below their waists. Rick first placed his hands on his mom's hips, then finally he reached around her and laid them on her thighs. Terri inhaled sharply, but she continued to thrust her ass against his cock and flex her ass muscles which was squeezing Rick's cock like a hand.

Rick began to slowly pull her skirt up her legs. He hoped to get his fingers under her panties for a quick feel. Just when Rick was about to blow his white cum into his shorts, they arrived back in their drive. Terri again twisted on his cock and slipped to the ground exposing her crotch-wet panties to him. He followed her out, and she reached for one of the boxes on the seat and handed it to Rick.

"Here, honey, you can take this in the kitchen for me. Her smile told him she was again giving him a way to keep his hard-on out of sight.

"Thanks for all your help, you guys, I'll see you both get a reward for the effort," she said laughing.

"Hey, we enjoyed it. It was fun," Terri said. "I think, Rick especially enjoyed the drive."

"Yeah, aunt Jean, I really enjoyed going out to the farm. It's fun to ride in a truck for a change instead of a car, it bounces around like a ride at Disney Land."

"If they had rides like that at Disney Land," his mom said, "I'd have been going there a long time ago."

"Ah, you know what I mean, like a once in a life time thrill," he said.

"That I agree with," she said. Terri was sure, that it was in fact a once in a lifetime thrill. It certainly couldn't go any further.

Rick carried the box inside and set it on the counter, then went into the family room and grabbed the remote. He flicked the switch twice and MTV was blasting from the screen. He chose a straight chair, because he knew his mother would say something if he sat on the sofa in dirty shorts. Terri followed him into the room. She stopped next to him.

"You didn't mind my sitting on your lap, did you?"

"No, mom. Like I told aunt Jean, the trip was a once in a life time thrill."

"And my weight didn't bother you?"

"Mom, you don't weigh anything, I could hold you all afternoon, and it wouldn't bother me."

"Oh really? Maybe I'll take you up on that and sit on your lap now."

Rick quickly looked up at her. "I . . . I wouldn't mind that at all."

Terri stared at him for a minute. My god, she thought, what am I doing. This is my son. If I sit on his lap, things are going to get out of hand. But her inner self, convinced her that she was old enough to keep the situation from going past the point of mother son joking around. Her eyes locked on his for a moment then she stepped in front of him, and sat down on his lap. But this time her legs were outside Rick's and she was more open and exposed.

Rick couldn't believe that his mother had just spread herself and sat on his lap. It was instant hard-on. His cock rose quickly to lodge itself against her pussy, covered only by her thin dress and panties. A moment later, she pushed down against his rigid boner as she had been doing in the truck. Rick thrust back. Making little pretense of doing anything but pushing his cock against her pussy. She returned his thrust with one of her own. The thrusting continued and there was no sham between them; they were dry fucking. 

Rick reached his arms around Terri and laid his hands on her thighs. She looked down at them, but said nothing. She was panting hard as she worked her ass against his hard member. Rick began clutching bunches of her skirt in his fingers and slowly her skirt crept up her legs. Terri watched her tanned legs become more exposed, but it felt like it was happening to someone else. Her mind was concentrating on the hard cock pressing against her inflamed pussy lips. 

Finally her panties came into view, and the dress continued up her body until Rick had bunched it at her waist. He lowered his hands back to her thighs and laid them with fingers pointing in on her legs just below her pussy. Terri stared, but said nothing. Slowly his hands moved up, and she gasped as they touched her panty clad mound. Rick rubbed his mother's pussy and smeared the wet juice he found there around until her whole crotch was soaked in her flowing liquid. He allowed his fingers to trail between her now spreading lips and trace a line from the bottom of her puffy lips to her clit, which was prominently outlined against her wet panties. 

He flicked his finger against the nubbin, and Terri groaned. Rick lifted his hands and pulling the waistband of her panties out with one hand, he slipped his other hand against her trembling belly and slid it down to her pussy. Stopping there he turned his palm upward and with his other hand thumbed her panties down over her hips. Terri raised slightly as the panties slipped under her ass and crept to her knees. Rick didn't bother to remover them entirely. He liked to see the panties there to remind him that she was naked below the waist. He pulled his hands back up her legs and Terri watched in awe as her son buried his fingers in between the puffy lips of her pussy, spreading them and slowly inserting two of his fingers into her channel. 

Terri's orgasm roared through her like a train through a tunnel, the shear force scattering debris on both sides. Roaring like an animal, huffing and puffing she hunched her ass forward onto his thrusting fingers.

"Oh my god, I'm coming on your fingers, mommy's coming. Oh god, what have we done?"

Rick didn't wait for an answer, he lifted her up, forcing her to her feet while she was still out of control, and tore the buttons from his shorts, releasing his massive cock. With much effort, he managed to pull the throbbing monster from his underwear, and suddenly there under Terri, was his eight-inch pillar of flesh, red- headed and throbbing. Terri was totally unaware of Rick's actions for she was still foaming from the intensity of the orgasm, and was barely able to stand in the position he was holding her. Rick lowered her ass slowly. As she sat down he positioned his cock directly below her dropping pussy. Terri thought it was his fingers spreading the still burning lips of her hot cunt. But they kept spreading, and spreading and suddenly reality ate through her fogged brain.

She screamed. "Rick, no. No you can't fuck me."

Rick released his support of her ass. With nothing holding her up and with her legs too weak to support her she slipped down the massive shaft taking the eight inch cock into her saturated depths.

"Ohhhh, Ohh my god. Ricky, ohh god you're so big. Ohh you shouldn't be putting your cock in me, I'm you mother." Terri's fall was stopped by Rick's legs. She was firmly impaled by the hard cock. "Unhh," she grunted. 

Rick immediately lifted her a little and dropped her again on his shaft. Burying it to her womb. Then again, and again. Moments later, Terri was assisting him by raising and lowering herself on the red meaty pole. A couple of strokes later, Terri's fingers strayed to her clit and she began rubbing the stiffened little knob.

"God, Ricky you're a stud, a fucking horse."

"Mom, I'm going to cum. I'm going to shoot. I'm going to shoot."

Terri threw her head back against Rick's shoulder. "Me too ,baby. Mommy too. Your cock is making me cum again. Cum in my pussy, honey. Cum in mommy's cunt."

"Ohhh, Mommmmmm." Rick's cock spewed hot white threads of cum into her.

"Shoot in me, honey, shoot your juice in mommy. Bury it in me. uhhhhh."

"Oh my god, you're fucking," Jean screamed out. "Rick, you're really fucking your mother."

Terri slumped back against Rick as her orgasm drifted off its peak.

She turned her head toward the voice coming from the kitchen door. "Not really, Sis," she said. "We're really fucking each other, and if you think I'm going to let him take that massive cock out of me just because you've caught us, you're wrong. You can either watch and finger fuck yourself, or turn your head."

Terri turned as far around as Rick's cock would let her and planted a kiss full on her son's lips, her tongue slipping inside. "Honey your cock still feels hard. Why don't you fuck mommy again, we'll sort this all out later, after we fuck. Unless you don't want to do it again?"

For an answer Rick lifted his mother's ass up about five inches, then dropped her. Again she was impaled on the massive rigid meat."

"Oh, honey. Mommy loves the way you answer," she cooed.