 My mother introduced me to her boyfriend, Trey, for the first time when I was 18 years old. It was the beginning of my senior year in high school and I was pretty innocent in many ways. Even though I had started to date by that time and even had tried sex once or twice, I was a pretty naïve teenager. 

Mom and I had been alone since my father died when I was 9 and since then, she hadn’t dated much. Actually, I don’t remember her dating at all until Trey came along. I’m certain that she grieved for my dad for way too long, which explains my extreme happiness when my mom came home from work one day and informed me that she had met a new man. 

I remember that day vividly because I was always concerned that my mom would be alone for the rest of her life. Now, I should explain that my mom wasn’t ugly or a bitch or anything. In fact, she was (and still is) quite beautiful and nice, and many younger men asked out my mom during this time, not realizing that she was already in her mid-30’s. The fact that she frequently exercised in order to maintain her cute body helped attract a fair amount of men. And her long, wavy, golden blonde hair, large breasts, flat stomach, and flawless complexion probably worked to her advantage as well (characteristics I am proud to say I inherited, although I am a bit shorter than her at 5’4”). I remember occasionally, some people thinking my mom was my older sister, which, of course, always made my mom’s day. 

Anyway, my mom had been fixed up with Trey, a (cough) used car salesman, by one of her married friends. I remember thinking what a curious match for her- a used car salesman. Since my mom is a lawyer, I always figured someone with more education would be most ideal for her. 

Anyway, my mom and Trey had already gone out on a few dates and she wanted me to meet him that next Saturday night. Mom seemed quite excited about Trey and I was anxious to meet him. Perhaps our blind optimism contributed to the chaos that followed. I’m not sure. But I can say that our lives were never the same after Trey entered our lives. 

***

Saturday night finally arrived and it was refreshing to see my Mom all made up for her date. She kept asking me for make-up and clothing advice and for once, I felt like the parent in our relationship. By the time Trey rang the doorbell, I can honestly say that my mom looked hot.

I was sitting in the living room, watching television when I heard my mom open the front door and greet Trey.

“You look fantastic, Linda!” a loud, masculine voice came from the hallway. 

“Thank-you,” I heard my mom answer. “Come… I want you to meet my daughter.” I could tell from the way she spoke that she was embarrassed by his compliment.

My mom subsequently led Trey into the living room. A handsome man, Trey stood about 6’2”, with short, dark hair, brown eyes, olive complexion, and a muscular build. With his thick, dark mustache, he sort of resembled Tom Selleck, I thought. He looked about 40 years old and was dressed casually, yet stylish. 

“Trey, I would like you to meet my daughter, Jessica,” my mom announced proudly.

Trey smiled and looked directly into my eyes. He reached out for my hand and I accepted it. “Well, it is quite a pleasure to meet you, Jessica. I feel as if I know you already from what your mom has told me.” Trey shook my hand firmly and seemed to hold it a couple seconds too long. 

“Yeah…It’s nice to meet you, too.” I said timidly. I broke eye contact with Trey after it became a bit uncomfortable. I then looked at my mom and asked, “So where are you guys going tonight?”

My mom turned to Trey, “Dinner at Gibsons, right?”

“Yep, I made reservations for 8 o’clock sharp.”

My mom glanced down at her watch and then back at me, “Ok, then. We better get going. There’s money on the counter to order a pizza later, if you want.”

“Thanks, mom,” I answered.

“Ok, we’re going then. I love you, Sweety,” She leaned over and gave me a kiss on the cheek.

“Love you, too, Mom. Have a good time!”

I looked up at Trey who was still gazing at me. I thought I caught him checking out my boobs, but I managed to blurt out, “It was nice to meet you.”

“Likewise, Jessica. It was very nice to meet you! I’ll see you later,” Trey announced as he leaned over and gave me a kiss on the cheek. This startled me somewhat since I had just met the man, however, I just went with the flow and reciprocated. He smelled like a combination of cigarettes and Polo cologne. To this day, I am repulsed by that cologne. 

With that, they both left for their date. 

***

The rest of the evening I thought about Mom and Trey. He seemed nice enough and definitely handsome. I could definitely see why my Mom was attracted to him. However, something about him made me feel uncomfortable. Trey oozed confidence, almost too much. And was he really checking me out?? I was used to boys checking me out at school but not an adult like Trey. 

By the time I stripped down to my panties and “New Kids On The Block” T-shirt (my usual sleep attire), I decided that my concerns were unwarranted. After all, I just met him and first impressions are often wrong. I was sure that I was being over-protective of my mother. I eventually fell asleep, content with the possibility that my mom had found a nice guy.

***

I awoke later that night to a strange noise coming from within the house. Lying there in my bed with my eyes still closed, I waited to hear the noise again.

And then it came. Faintly, at first, but then becoming louder. “Ah… Ahh… Ahhh … Ahhh…. Yesss!” came my mom’s muffled voice, each utterance followed by a creak from her queen-sized bed in the next room. 

“Ahhh…Ahhh …Ahhh… Ahhh…Ahhh...Ahhh…Ahhh…Ahhh…” 

I couldn’t believe what I was hearing and didn’t know whether to laugh or to be COMPLETELY DISGUSTED. I refused to open my eyes as I realized that my mom was getting laid in the next room! Pulling the covers over my head, I tried to fall back asleep. But my mom’s groaning continued and, to my amazement, became even louder. 

Doesn’t she know I can hear her?

“Ahhh… Ahhh... Ahhh…. Yesss… Oh, Christ, Trey… Ahhh… Ahhh... Ahhh!!!”

They kept at it for another 20 minutes before I became thirsty and figured I could make a quick dash for a glass of water before my mom and Trey were finished screwing. I cautiously tip-toed out of bed and down to the kitchen. After sipping my water, I started to make my way back to my bedroom when I heard my mom’s door creak open. Panicking and not wanting my mom to think that I had heard what was going on, I swiftly ducked into the utility closet in the hallway next to her bedroom.  

I barely closed the door before someone came out of the bedroom. My heart was pounding through my chest and I prayed to God that my Mom wouldn’t catch me. How utterly embarrassing that would be! Through the slits in the door, I could see Trey’s form come out of the bedroom, wrapped in my mom’s bedspread. He slowly made his way into the bathroom across the hall and turned on the light. I was surprised that I could see directly into the bathroom from my vantage point! 

Along with his hair sticking up, I noticed a shiny layer of sweat on his face and upper body. He obviously had been working hard in there. Without closing the door, Trey let the bedspread fall to one side and began peeing. I made an audible gasp as his penis came into my view. This caused Trey to turn his head suddenly in my direction looking for the source of the noise. I tried not to breathe or move as he peered into the hallway for a couple of seconds before bringing his attention back to the task at hand. 

His penis seemed enormous! I was mesmerized and I could not take my eyes off it. The only other penis I had ever seen in the flesh was my boyfriend’s, Shawn, and his was way smaller than Treys!  I began to feel that “tingling” sensation in my pussy and I felt myself becoming wet as Trey continued peeing. Trying to fight the sensation, I quickly realized it was a lost cause. I could see his dick from the side and even though it was flaccid, it had to have measured at least 4 or 5 inches and I don’t know how thick. His balls were large, too, surrounded by a thick forest of black, curly hair. 

It reminded me of Health class earlier that year when we had studied sex education. When question time came, the class smartass had asked the Health teacher about the average penis size to the amusement of everyone else. Trying to maintain order and to keep the discussion relatively serious, the teacher answered that most research suggested that the average penis length was 5-6 inches when erect. Trey’s was obviously a lot bigger than average!

I brought my fingers to my crotch and could feel that I was soaked now. I gave myself a little rub in order to provide some relief. Trey seemed to piss forever, but he finally finished up after giving it a couple of final shakes. As he bent over to retrieve the bed sheet, his hairy, muscular ass was exposed briefly before he covered up and turned off the bathroom light. 

Walking back through the hallway into my mom’s bedroom, I could have sworn that I saw Trey briefly turn toward the utility closet and smile. But it was dark with all the lights off, and my eyes were re-adjusting, so I could have been mistaken.

I waited five minutes before scurrying back into my bed, making sure to change my panties first. It took another half hour before I was able to fall asleep.

***

Over the next several weeks, my Mom saw quite a bit of Trey both on the weekends and during the week. He always stayed the night and I was consistently treated to sounds of my mother getting relentlessly plowed by him. It became so commonplace that I learned to sleep through it. My mom would insist that Trey leave very early in the morning before I awoke because “I don’t want Jessica to know that we are sleeping together, yet.” (I heard her say this to Trey through the bedroom wall on multiple occasions, unbeknownst to her). 

During this time, I typically saw Trey when he watched TV with us or when he picked up my mom for a date. He continued his penetrating stares at me, which, in itself, wasn’t too big of a deal. What became a problem is how “touchy-feely” he became around me. It started out with innocent kisses on the cheek, followed by long hugs, and eventually inappropriate touching. By inappropriate touching I mean stroking my hair, grabbing my hand or arm, and even patting my behind sometimes. Trey always did it very subtly and usually when my mom was not in the room. 

Since I was young, I really didn’t know how to respond to it and my Mom was obviously on cloud nine with this guy so I certainly didn’t want to say anything to screw-up her relationship. I decided I could handle it for the sake of my mom’s happiness.

***

One Saturday night, I heard my Mom and Trey come in real late. They were real loud and I could tell they had been drinking a lot. My Mom actually sounded worse than Trey (she could never handle her alcohol very well) as she was slurring her words loudly and stumbling around. Things became quiet pretty quick and I wondered if they had fallen asleep. I rose from my bed and peeked out my bedroom door which I always kept slightly cracked. 

I peered out just in time to see Trey carrying my passed-out mom into her bedroom. Someone’s not getting any action tonight, I laughed to myself as I slid back into bed and eventually fell asleep.

I’m not sure how much time had passed before I was awoken later that night by another noise. Lying in silence, I waited to hear the noise again. As usual, I was sleeping on my stomach and was too tired to turn over to investigate.

Several seconds later, I heard the noise again. Absolute PANIC swept through my body as I realized that someone was in my bedroom!

I was paralyzed with fear as I heard a person kneel next to me. My mind started to race.  I was certain it wasn’t my Mom since she always made every effort to respect my privacy and would have certainly knocked on my door to wake me before entering. Plus, considering how drunk I saw her earlier, I knew she’d be passed out. When the strong combination of cigarettes and Polo cologne hit my nostrils, a feeling of terror arose from the pit of my stomach. I realized that it could only be one person- my mom’s boyfriend, Trey.

I don’t know how much time passed (maybe a minute or so?) as I pretended to be fast asleep- heavy, rhythmic breathing and all. What in God’s name is he doing in here? 

I could “sense” him staring at me which was quite unnerving. It was almost as if he was deciding what he wanted to do. Eventually, I could feel my comforter and bed sheet methodically being pulled off my bed and from my body. He took his time with this task and appeared to be taking every precaution not to wake me. 

I could feel the adrenaline being pumped into my bloodstream but I was way too scared to react in any proactive way. I felt weak and powerless. 

Trey finally pulled off the last bit of covers and there I was dressed solely in my “New Kids On The Block” T-shirt and yellow, cotton panties. I felt extremely vulnerable and was hoping it was all a bad dream. 

All of a sudden, my butt felt cool and I realized that Trey had pulled up my T-shirt.  I next felt warm fingers slide inside my panties and over my butt. He was stroking my butt cheeks and lower back in a gentle, circular fashion with his fingers. I cringed as I thought of this old, perverted man touching my body. If I wouldn’t have been so scared, I think I would have cried.

Soon, I felt a second hand move in under my panties as he continued to massage my ass. Goose bumps started to form on my bottom and lower back and I was shocked to realize that his touches felt sort of pleasant. 

Trey eventually moved his fingers down into my butt crack. I bit my lip as one hand gently pulled one butt check to the side while the other delicately rubbed the area around my anus with a finger. My breathing became more rapid. He seemed to be making little circles around my anus. On one hand, I was kind of disgusted, yet the fact of the matter was that he was starting to make me very wet no matter how much I tried to ignore it. I was confused by this reaction of my body. 

His hand subsequently slid down into the area between my anus and my pussy which he manipulated for a while. Without realizing it, I parted my legs ever so slightly. I was praying that Trey didn’t notice how my body was responding. 

Suddenly and without warning, his other hand moved down also, moved my panties aside, and started rubbing my pussy firmly. Trey seemed to know exactly what he was doing as he carefully caressed my clit and lips. If he was surprised by the excited state of my cunt, he didn’t act like it. Electrical shocks went through my body as one hand stroked my clit while the other fingered my pussy. I was losing track of time. 

Trey continued to expertly finger-fuck me for a few more minutes, while he manipulated my clit with his other hand. As he thrusted with his fingers, I eventually found myself slightly thrusting back with my ass. I couldn’t help myself. I wasn’t thinking about anything at this point except the pleasure. It is amazing to me how I was able to keep quiet through it all.

Just then, a loud thump came from my mom’s bedroom. This must have frightened Trey for he quickly pulled away and exited my bedroom. I subsequently heard the faint squeak of my bedroom door closing behind Trey.

In stunned disbelief, I turned over, pulled down my t-shirt, and finally opened my eyes. I crawled along my bed to find the covers but stopped when I felt a damp spot on the bed. I had really made a mess of the sheets. 

I cleaned myself off with a spare pillowcase and then laid a clean pillowcase over the wet spot. Sliding back into bed, I pulled the covers up to my neck. I didn’t know what to think, feel, or do. What just happened was a disaster! I just wanted to sleep. 

Suddenly, in one quick motion, I threw off the covers, scurried to my bedroom door, and locked it. I returned to my bed feeling a little more secure, but knowing deep down that everything had changed.

***

By the time I awoke the next morning, Trey was gone as usual and my mom was in the kitchen making breakfast. I went downstairs into the kitchen even though I wasn’t very hungry.

“Good morning, Sweety,” my mom greeted me as she cooked some eggs on the stove. She looked like hell. Obviously hung over, her hair was a tangled mess, her face was pale, and her eyes were bloodshot.

I sat down at the table and asked lethargically, “Hungover, mom?” 

My mom turned around quickly, “Is it THAT obvious, Jessie?”

“Yes.”

“Well, I guess I have to start watching how much I drink. I don’t want Trey to think I’m a lush!” my mom chuckled.

“Like he should talk,” I whispered sarcastically under my breath.

“What, Sweety?” my mom asked.

“Nothing, mom. I just said I think I’ll go for a walk.”

“Oh, you don’t want any eggs?”

“No thanks,” I rose from the table and left.



***

I was still in shock two days later as I contemplated what had happened to me. To make matters worse, Trey was coming over to watch a movie with us later that night after work; the first time I would see him since “the night”. Briefly, I considered telling my mom about what had happened. The guy was obviously a pervert and my mom needed to know. 

But I couldn’t bring myself to do it for several reasons. First, I was way too scared- what if she didn’t believe me? I just knew that Trey would deny it ever happened and I certainly couldn’t prove it. It was simply his word against mine and I was horrified to put my mom through that.

Second, it would absolutely wreck the first successful relationship that my mom had been in since Dad passed away. She had not been this happy in years and it would be a shame to ruin it for her. 

Finally, something that probably bothered me more than anything was that I was ashamed by the way my body had responded to him. It was like I couldn’t control my reactions. Did I encourage it in some way? It seemed pretty stupid to accuse someone of molesting you if you actually enjoyed it! How could I be disgusted by someone on one hand but turned on by him on the other hand?? Maybe I’m going crazy, I thought.

In the end, I decided to act as if nothing had happened and to avoid him. Trey never knew that I was awake that night, so he doesn’t know that I know what he did. And what is the chance that he will try it again? In fact, Trey very well could have been very drunk (like my mom) that night and didn’t realize what he was doing. I rationalized that it could have been a terrible mistake. As long as I stayed away from him and locked my bedroom door at night, there should be no more problems in the future. Unfortunately, this is the type of naive thinking that only an 18 year old girl would believe.

***

Trey came by as expected later that night. As he noticed me on the love seat in the living room, a shit-eating grin appeared on his face. I did my best not to make eye contact with him.

“Hi Jessica!” he announced in a confident tone of voice as he walked over in front of me. 

“Hi,” I answered flatly stretching my head around him to see the TV. “Do you mind? I’m trying to watch the movie!”

My mom spoke up from the couch, “Jessie, rewind the movie so Trey can watch it from the beginning. I’m going to get Trey a drink. I’ll be right back.”

Trey sat down on the couch after giving my mom a kiss on the cheek in passing. As usual, he just stared at me as the tape rewound. 

He took a quick look back at the kitchen and then spoke to me in a hushed tone, “Jessica… I know you were awake Saturday night.”

My stomach jumped. “What are you talking about?” I answered staring blanking at the TV. 

“C’mon, Jessica. I know you enjoyed what I did to you and I’m going to do a lot more to you.”
