 After I graduated from college, I moved in a new apartment and shortly afterwards met my girlfriend Becky. I'm not a very attractive guy, so I was incredibly lucky to have managed to get her. At the time, Becky was twenty-five and a total knockout. She had a cute button nose, a killer smile, and long, dark brunette hair, which she usually put in a pony-tail. She worked out a lot, and her body showed it. She had a small, tight butt and a slim, defined torso. Her breasts were a large C cup, full and round, sitting high on her chest and topped by bright pink, slightly puffy nipples. The first time I saw her naked, I almost came just from the sight of her. 

Six months into dating, my roommate moved out, and through Craigslist I found a new roommate, Mark. He was an investment banker about my age, and after a couple of interviews he looked like a pretty nice guy. 

The first time he met Becky, though, I was a little worried. He had just finished moved in when she came over, and when he walked up to say hi he had his shirt off. It was then I noticed how ripped he was. Becky clearly noticed it, too. When they shook hands, she stammered out a hi, and kept looking him up and down. He did the same thing, too. There was a bit of electricity in the air that I couldn't help notice.

That night, Becky stayed over. She seemed a little distant during sex. Afterwards, as we were getting ready for bed, she asked, "Does your roommate have a girlfriend?"

I said I didn't know, although I was pretty sure he didn't. "Why do you want to know?" I asked.

"Oh, he was checking me out a little when we met. Did you notice?" she said.

"A little," I said.

"Ooh, did you like him checking me out?" she said mischievously.

"I guess?" I said. I didn't, really.

She smiled and hopped into bed. "Good night!" she said, and that seemed to be the end of that. 

Over the next few weeks, though, I noticed that Becky started wearing a lot more skimpy clothes when hanging around our apartment, especially when Mark was around. Even when I told her that he was going to be home that night, she would "just forget" and walk into the living room wearing a tight tank top and boy shorts. Sometimes she would even call attention to it, and say, "Oh, Mark, I didn't know you'd be here! Well, it's not a problem to wear this around you, is it?" The first couple of times Mark would just say that he had no problem at all. After that, he would grin and make some joke about how she could wear even less. I was hoping she would be upset about that, but instead she would just giggle.

I started getting a little angry about it, especially when Becky would be especially provocative. Sometimes she would laugh especially hard, or she would jump up quickly and walk fast to the kitchen, causing her tits to jiggle and bounce in her top. Mark even called her out on it once, when she offered to get him a beer. "Only if you run to get it," he said and grinned. She just laughed again, and then jiggled over to the kitchen, watching him while he watched her.

Another time, we were watching TV in the living room and Becky and Mark started talking about sit-ups, and Mark had said that he could do a thousand, and to prove it he pulled up his shirt to show his ripped abs. Becky said, "That's nothing," and pulled her own shirt up all the way to the bottom of her breasts to show off her own tight stomach. She had a huge grin on her face as she watched Mark gawk at her body. 

As long as the flirting was done with clothes on, I guess I would be fine with it. Plus, a part of me deep inside thought it was pretty sexy that my girlfriend was showing off so much. I was lucky to have her, shouldn't I? 

But one night, after we had gone back into my room to go to bed, Becky had taken off her shirt and was just in her bra and underwear. I was lying on the bed reading, and she was at my desk at my computer, when Mark knocked on the door and asked if he could borrow a pen. I was about to get up to answer it when Becky quickly stood up and said, "Just a minute!" 

Then she whispered to me, "sweetie, do you want me to answer the door in my underwear? Wouldn't that be sexy?" 

"Er, well..." I stammered, but she was already walking to the door. She swung it open and smiled as Mark's eyes went straight to her body. Her underwear wasn't very fancy, just a plain black bra and panties, but for the first time he could see how great her entire body looked. 

"Hi," she said, smiling, and handed him a pencil. "Here's your pencil."

Mark took it from her without moving his eyes from her chest. "Thanks," he said. Then he broke out into a big grin. "I should probably borrow more stuff."

Becky laughed and pushed him playfully in the chest, then closed the door. Her eyes had a wild look to them. "Did you like that?" she whispered to me. "Did you like how he looked at me? I bet you did!"

She jumped on the bed and attacked me before I could answer. She had two orgasms that night, which she had never managed to have before.

-------

The next few nights Becky and Mark kept up their flirting in the living room. Mark dropped all pretense of not staring at her most of the time, and he even started wearing tighter shirts and sometimes no shirts. Becky would stare at his chest almost as much as he was staring at hers. I didn't say anything, because I was falling in love with Becky and was hoping that she was just turned on by teasing him. I brought it up once, but she dismissed it and said that he had already seen her in her underwear, so there was nothing wrong with being in tight clothes anymore. I guess she was right, as long as she kept the teasing respectful. 

Becky had other ideas, though. One night the next week, we were back in my room hanging out. We were both lying on the bed, Becky wearing a bra and pajama pants, when Mark knocked on the door again. 

Becky got up and walked over to the door. I figured she would answer it in her bra again, but at least this time she was wearing pants, and after last week this wasn't so bad. But on her way to the door, she suddenly turned to me, winked, reached behind her back, unsnapped her bra, and dropped it on the floor. Her gorgeous full breasts popped free. Before I could say anything, she turned back and walked to the door and opened it. Mark's eyes nearly burst out of his head when he saw her. 

"Hey," she said grinning widely. "What's up?" 

"I just...um...wanted to see if David had a calculator I could borrow," he said, slowly, staring openly at her tits and pink puffy nipples. 

She giggled and blushed slightly at the attention. "I'll see," she said. She twisted her torso to me, giving him an incredible profile view of her breasts. "David, do you have a calculator for Mark?" 

I was very embarrassed and jealous. "No," I stammered. "I think it's out in the hall." 

"Thanks," Mark said. There was an awkward silence while he stood there, continuing to stare at Becky's chest. She was now looking down at the huge bulge that had grown in his pants. 

"Okay, then," he said, after what seemed like an hour. "I'll see you later." When he said this, he looked right at her eyes and gave a knowing grin. I didn't like that at all. 

"Later," she said, smiling brightly, and closed the door. 

"Listen," I started, but before I could finish she had jumped on top of me. 

"Did that turn you on?" she panted, practically ripping my pants off. "Did you like seeing your naughty girlfriend show off her boobs to your roommate?" 

"Um, I guess so..." I stammered. Despite my jealous, I was rock-hard, and she wasted no time impaling herself on my cock. She was already soaking wet. She fucked me furiously for five minutes before I came inside her, and then pushed my head down into her pussy to eat her out. I was still mad, but I didn't want to talk about it when she was so turned on, so I just licked her to a loud orgasm.

-----------------

The next few days went back to normal. I was half scared that Becky would walk into the living room topless, but she didn't. It looked like maybe showing him her tits was a one-time thing. 

The next weekend Mark went to a party and came home late with a girl. She was pretty cute, not as cute as Becky, but clearly drunk and very horny for Mark. They spent a few minutes chatting with us and then went to Mark's room. Becky looked a little jealous and almost hurt. After a few more minutes watching TV, she said she wanted to go to bed.

We were in my room when Mark knocked on the door and asked for a condom. I was in my closet so I couldn't see him through the door when Becky opened the door and grabbed one for him.

"What're you going to use it for?" she asked slyly.

I couldn't see what Mark was doing, but Becky's eyes suddenly shot wide open and her mouth dropped in an involuntary gasp. Then she quickly composed herself and burst into giggles, and threw the condom at him. 

"Gross! Here, have fun!" 

She closed the door, but kept staring ahead, thinking. "What did he do?" I asked.

"Oh, he pulled his thing out and wagged it at me. He's so immature," she said. She said it dismissively, but it was obvious it had an impact on her.

I waited a second, then asked. "Is he big?"

She paused for a brief second. "Oh, I wasn't paying that much attention," she said, but it was obvious that she was really impressed. That night when we had sex, she closed her eyes the entire time. 

------

One morning a week later, I was woken up by the sound of Mark in the bathroom. He was taking a shower and getting ready for an early meeting. I tried to close my eyes to get back to sleep but I suddenly felt Becky sit up and hop out of bed. She was wearing her usual bedwear, a small purple tanktop without a bra and matching purple panties. She was facing away from me, and as I watched, she hesitated for a minute, then quietly walked to the door. 

When she got to the door, she suddenly pulled down her panties and stepped out of them! Her tanktop only went down to her navel, so I had a clear view of her tight, adorable butt. Before I realized what was happening, she opened the door and slipped out, leaving her panties crumpled on the floor. 

I heard the bathroom door open. She was walking into the bathroom with Mark, wearing only a tanktop! I lay perfectly still, afraid to do anything, but listening intently. 

I heard Mark give a quick gasp of surprise and then silence. For a few minutes, all I heard was the sound of running water. It seemed like hours. My mind was going a mind a minute. Was she really just letting Mark stare at her naked pussy like she let him see her tits? Was she letting him do more? Then, I heard Becky giggle. Another minute of silence, then I heard the bathroom door open and close. 

A second later Becky walked back into the room. She quickly sneaked back into bed, still bottomless. She started shaking me. "Babe, are you awake?" Her breath smelled minty and fresh. I didn't know what to say, so I pretended to just be waking up. "Oh, David, you wouldn't believe what I just did. I heard Mark in the bathroom, and I had a great sexy idea for you." 

"What was that?" I asked. I couldn't believe it. I thought she was sneaking around on me, but was she actually going to brag about what happened? "Well, I snuck into the bathroom while he was in the shower. But before I walked in, I took off my panties! I was bottomless, sweetie!

"So I slipped in to the bathroom very quickly but only walked sideways, and I pushed up against the sink counter. Then I turned on the water and started brushing my teeth. Mark heard me and stuck his head out, and saw me! But I was pushed up against the counter, so all he could see was my side! So I just smiled at him and kept brushing my teeth as he stared at me! I was such a tease!"

She reached down into my boxers and started stroking my dick. Only then did I realize that I was hard as a rock. I was so confused. Was I actually turned on by this? She started stroking me faster and kept talking. 

"So I finished brushing my teeth and put up my toothbrush. Then, when I finished, I turned around and faced him! I showed him my bush and everything! His eyes got so big, sweetie! So I just said have a good day, and he just stared and stared and didn't say anything back! Then I turned around to walk out the door, and gave him a great view of my butt! Isn't that naughty and sexy? Your roommate has seen my boobs and now my butt, and even my bush! Do you like that?" 

It was too much for me to take, and I groaned loudly and came in her hand. She kept stroking until my dick went soft, the wiped her hand off on my shirt. "I knew you would think it was sexy. And I can't wait to do other sexy things for you!" From what had just happened, I was very worried about what that meant. 

--------

I learned the next week. Becky and I had been out with some friends that night. Becky was dressed very cute, in a red spaghetti strap tanktop and tight jeans, with her hair in a ponytail. I had a little too much to drink and was very sleepy, but Becky had only had enough to be tipsy. When we opened the door to my apartment, we saw that Mark and a few of his friends were in the living room drinking and playing board games. Mark introduced us to the group, a few guys and girls, who all seemed like very nice people. 

Mark asked us if we wanted to join in. I started to apologize for both of us, saying we just wanted to get to bed, but Becky cut me off, saying, "Oh, c'mon, it's still early." A little too quickly, Mark suggested that Becky stay if she wasn't tired, and everyone would be quiet and let me sleep. I was a little hesitant, but I couldn't just order Becky to bed with me, and she was already getting a beer from the fridge. So I muttered off a goodbye and hit the sack. 

I must have been drunker than I thought, because I fell asleep almost the second I got into bed. A few hours later, I woke up and realized I had to throw up. I was still drunk and wasn't even sure if I was just dreaming it. I heard soft moans coming from the living room. I perked my ears up. It sounded like Becky. 

I quietly walked out of the bathroom and walked down the hallway to the living room. I was suddenly scared of what I would see. I wasn't stupid, and I knew that Becky had been impressed by Mark's huge cock, and that she had been showing off for him, not for me. What if she was showing off again? What if she was topless, or bottomless again? And why was she moaning? 

But nothing prepared me for what I saw when I leaned around the corner. Becky was completely naked, her clothes strewn all over the floor, her standing and leaning over the back of the couch. Mark was naked, too, standing behind her. I could see his huge cock pumping in and out of Becky's pussy, slamming her up against the back of the couch, her full breasts bouncing and jiggling with each thrust. 

"Oh, yes, oh yes!" Becky was half-whispering and half-moaning. "Oh, yes!"

Mark's hands were roaming all over Becky's body. He reached around and roughly squeezed one of Becky's tits, pulling on her pink nipple, and Becky moaned even more. 

"Oh, God, yes...so big...you're so big..." Becky panted. Mark just continued to grunt, and started thrusting harder. Becky bounced up and down, her tits bouncing wildly, her ponytail swishing back and forth. 

Oh! OH! Oh, God, feels so good...so good..." I was paralyzed with confusion and anger.I didn't know what to do, so I just stood there and watched my roommate fucking my girlfriend. 

After a few minutes, Becky started moaning louder and louder. "Oh, yes, YES! Oh, God, I'm cumming again! Oh! OH! YES! So good! SO GOOD!" She shrieked, as softly as she could, and began shuddering. She must have already cum once before I started watching them. Mark was some sort of machine, pumping into her that fast and hard and lasting this long, I thought. I had never been able to give Becky two orgasms just by fucking her. 

After a few more minutes, Mark finally began to start moaning. "Oh, yeah...oh, yeah...I'm getting close..." 

Becky turned her head, trying to look at him over her shoulder. "Cum inside me!" she fiercely whispered. I was shocked. Becky had never let me cum inside her before. She wasn't even on birth control! 

Mark groaned. "You want me to cum inside you?" 

"Yes, yes! Shoot your cum up in me! I want to feel you cumming in me!" Becky panted loudly. She had a pleading look in her eyes. 

Mark groaned again. "God, your pussy is so tight, Becky...your tits are so big..." He reached around with both hands and began mashing Becky's breasts together. Becky groaned and tried to reach behind her to touch Mark, but she almost lost her balance and brought her hands down on the back of the couch to steady herself. 

"So big...so thick..." she moaned. Mark moved his hands back down to Becky's hips, and roamed over her flat stomach. 

After what seemed like another few minutes, Mark began groaning loudly and started thrusting faster and harder. "Here it comes, Becky, here it comes! Fuck! Fuck, yes!" And with that, he let out a loud moan and made a final thrust into my girlfriend's pussy. 

Becky shrieked. "Oh, God, you're cumming in me! Oh, God, yes, cum in me!" Mark kept pumping load after load into her pussy. He reached around again and grabbed Becky's tits and pulled her into him, trying to push his cock as far as it would go into her pussy. Becky was already having a third orgasm.

Finally their moans and shouts subsided. Both of them collapsed over the couch, and Mark relaxed his grip on Becky's tits, but still holding her tight into him. They stood like that for a while, with Mark's cock still firmly lodged in Becky's cunt, but I couldn't watch anymore. I was sick to my stomach and ran to bed, fighting back tears. 

Shortly afterwards, I could hear the door to the bathroom open, and then the shower began running. After another twenty minutes, the door to my room slowly creaked open. Becky slowly snuck in, fresh from the shower, wearing only a towel. I watched her slowly slip out of the towel and slip into her bedwear, then slide into bed with me. 

I wanted her to at least admit what she did, but I didn't want to admit that I was spying on her and Mark, so I pretended that I just woke up. 

"Hey, it's late. Where were you?" I said. 

"Oh! I'm sorry I woke you up, sweetie. Did you hear anything?" 

"No," I lied. "What happened? Did you...did you show off to Mark or anything?" 

I could see Becky smile. "Oh, you're turned on, huh?" I shouldn't have said it that way, I immediately realized. Now she would just spin it as something I wanted her to do. 

"I showed off for you again," she whispered. I could smell alcohol on her breath. "After everyone left, it was just me and Mark and Paul, a friend of Mark's. We were all a little drunk, and Mark mentioned to Paul that he had seen me naked! And I said no, he hadn't, he had just seen parts of me naked. And Paul got all interested and wanted to know what that meant, and so Mark explained that he had seen my boobs when I opened the door to your room the other night, and then that he had seen my bush and butt when I was in the bathroom bottomless while he was showering. 

"Paul was all curious and wanted to know why I did that, and I just smiled and said that I wasn't shy and that I didn't think my body was anything to be ashamed of. I didn't tell them that it was to show off for you! 

"So Mark said that that meant he had seen me naked, and I said that seeing me naked meant that he had to see me without any clothes on at all. Then Paul suggested that if I was so unashamed of my body, I should just get naked for Mark right there! Can you believe the nerve? I didn't even know this guy!

"So I just laughed and rolled my eyes, but Mark agreed with Paul and they kept pushing me to take off my clothes! And at first I wasn't sure, but then I thought about you and maybe that you would want me to do it." I certainly did not want her to do it, but I was too engrossed about this part of the night to raise my voice. Also, Becky had reached down and begun stroking my cock through my boxers while telling the story, and I was powerless to resist her now. 
