 "Robbie, you are grounded!" Ellen Daniels snapped at her son. "I can't believe you thought you could get away with something like that."

"Mom! That's not fair!" Robbie protested.

"I told you that if you forgot to take out the garbage for pickup one more time that you'd be grounded for a week. Well, you forgot. What will we do until next week?"

"But Mom, Dani was supposed to wake me," he protested. "She deliberately didn't wake me up."

"Oh, right, asshole," sneered Robbie's 18-year-old sister, Dani, a year younger than him.

"Dani, I've told you about your language," Ellen admonished her daughter. "Robbie, you're still grounded and maybe next time you won't rely on anyone except yourself."

"It's not fair," he wailed, leaving the kitchen. "I'll get you!" he whispered threateningly under his breath as he walked by his sister.

"Yawnnnn," Dani said, bringing her hand to her mouth. "I'm so bored."

"You, too, get out of here," Ellen told her. "You may be out of school for the day, but I have to go to work and this kitchen's a mess."

"Sure, Mom. Sorry," Dani said, pushing to her feet and leaving the kitchen.

"And don't think that I don't know that you deliberately shafted your brother," Ellen said just as Dani was about out the door.

"I - I - I don't know what you're talking about, Mom," Dani stammered.

"Of course you do," Ellen said with a laugh. "And if I know your brother, payback is certainly going to be hell."

"I don't know what you're talking about," Dani insisted as she left the room.

But of course she knew exactly what she was talking about, because she had deliberately not woken up her brother, knowing he'd get into trouble. Now she had to worry about him paying her back and the fact that her mother really knew what had happened and she'd have no protection there either.

"Oh, well," she thought, "that's life."

Robbie was in his room fuming. Dani was such a brat. Even though she was 18, she still pissed him off like only a younger sister could. The fact that she was the most beautiful girl in school and all of his friends thought that she was a goddess infuriated him even further. They only saw her with their dicks. If they knew what she was really like, they wouldn't think she was so hot. Sure, she was tall at 5'10" and had a long willowy figure with nice full breasts, blonde hair down to her waist and bright blue eyes, but beneath all of that was a total fucking bitch.

Well, now she'd gone, too far and payback was going to be very, very serious, Robbie thought as he picked up his phone to make some phone calls. Just 15 minutes later he had finished and sat back with a smile on his face. Payback was not only going to be incredibly serious, it was going to be almost immediate.

Robbie heard his mother leave for work and then a few minutes later he heard the water running as Dani showered. Grabbing a small computer screwdriver, Robbie went to the bathroom door and quickly unlocked the door. Being as quiet as possible, he opened the door and grabbed Dani's clothes that were on the floor, as well as the towels on the towel rack before exiting and closing the door. He wasn't sure if Dani had seen or heard him or not, but he really didn't care. The only thing she could wear now when she came out of the bathroom would be toilet paper.

Quickly going to his room, Robbie got out his digital cameras, one a video camera and the other for still shots. He mounted the digital camera on its tripod and made sure both cameras had full batteries plus a couple of spares. He didn't want to run out. Going to Dani's room, Robbie put the tripod in the closet, leaving the door cracked enough for the lens to be able to see the room, pointing at Dani's bed. The still camera he just put on the dresser. He then went to the front door and unlocked it before going back upstairs and into Dani's room, where he booted up her computer and opened the file that he knew contained her diary.

Boy, was she stupid, Robbie thought as he read the past week's worth of entries. No password protection or anything. Just a nice big link on the desktop that said Dani's Diary.

Hmm, looks like she sucked Pete's dick a couple of times at school, and she let Brian play with her pussy and breasts behind the gymnasium. She sure likes sex, Robbie thought as he heard the shower stop. Here we go, he thought, sitting patiently and reading.

"Robbie! Goddamnit! Robbie!" Dani shouted from the bathroom. "You fucker!" she screamed. "I'm going to kill you!!!"

Robbie smiled to himself as he pictured her rage, then he heard the bathroom door slamming open and Dani stomping down the hall.

"I am going to kill that fucking asshole," she fumed out loud as she made her way down the hallway, naked as a jaybird.

Opening the door to her bedroom, she stormed inside, slamming the door before she realized that the object of her anger and loathing was sitting at her desk using her computer.

"What the fuck do you think you're doing?" she shouted at him.

"Getting ready to hit the ENTER key," Robbie replied, holding a finger very obviously above the key.

"So what!" Dani screamed at him. "I hate you!!!"

"Maybe you should ask me what's going to happen when I hit the ENTER key," Robbie suggested with a smile on his face, his eyes not failing to take in her nakedness.

Totally forgetting that she was standing completely naked in front of her brother, Dani asked him, "So what's going to happen when you hit the stupid key?"

"Oh, it'll only send your diary to everyone in your email address book, plus mine, plus the email list from school," Robbie said, letting his finger rest on the key.

"Oh, my God!" Dani exclaimed, her face blanching white. "You wouldn't dare!"

"Actually, I would," Robbie said, letting his finger slide back and forth on the key. "And it's such a nice diary, so full of the juiciest details."

"Robbie, please don't do that," Dani pleaded, real fear in her eyes.

"Why shouldn't I?" he asked. "The way you fuck with me, always trying to get me in trouble. I never do anything to you! You are such an incredible bitch to me!"

"Robbie, if you do that, you'll ruin my life," Dani pleaded. "That's going, too far."

"I don't know," Robbie said. "Seems to me like you're the one that likes going, too far," he said with a smile and a leer at her nakedness.

"That's not fair," Dani said, blushing all over her body.

Robbie saw her nipples suddenly get hard, twisting into gnarled pink nubs that stood out proudly from her breasts. Now Dani tried to cover herself with her hands, though she made no move towards the towels or clothes on her bed, just 10 feet away.

"What do you want?" she asked. "I'll tell Mom the truth, that I really did deliberately not wake you up to take out the trash," she offered. "Then she'll un-ground you."

"No, I don't think that's going to be nearly enough," Robbie said. "You need to be taught a lesson that will last you the rest of your life."

"Robbie, don't. Please don't," Dani pleaded. "I'll do anything, anything you say, just please don't send that."

Robbie was pleased to see that there were tears forming in the corners of her eyes. Served her right, he thought, resolving to be tough and go through with his plan.

"Anything, huh? That covers a lot of territory," he said.

"Anything, Robbie, anything. I mean it," Dani pleaded earnestly, feeling a slight chance of hope.

Now was the moment Robbie had thought about for two years. He had Dani so totally in his power that she'd have to do anything he wanted if she didn't want her life completely ruined.

"Then I want you to be my slave for life," Robbie said with a completely straight face.

"You what?" Dani asked, her mouth hanging open in disbelief.

"You heard me, I want you to be my slave for life," Robbie repeated, looking her straight in the eyes.

"You've got to be joking! No! Of course not!" she expostulated, glaring at him.

"No problem," Robbie said, turning the computer chair around to face the screen once more. "I'll just send this and leave you alone......until everyone reads it, that is."

"Robbie! Stop!!! Please, don't do that!" Dani begged. "Please!"

"To you, whenever there's nobody else around, you will call me Master Robbie," Robbie told her. "The next words out of your mouth will determine whether I hit this key or not," he said, his finger poised over the keyboard.

Dani just stared at him. She couldn't believe this was happening to her. She had the perfect life. She was beautiful. Everyone wanted her. Everyone. She was always in charge. She decided what happened. And with whom. Whose dick she sucked, who fucked her, who sucked her. She spent hours every day writing in her diary, every single detail, every single time. Even the thought that even one person had seen it, read it, made her sick to her stomach, especially her hated brother. But what if everyone who knew her read it. She'd never ever be able to show her face in town again. Her life would be ruined.

But be Robbie's slave! Oh, god, how could she!!! She just hated him so much. She didn't know why she hated him, but she hated him anyway. He was always just that much better than her. It didn't matter that she got straight A's, was captain of the cheerleaders, captain of the girls' volleyball team, Robbie had never gotten anything but an A. He'd been the quarterback of the football team since his first year and had won two state championships. He was 6'4" and always had girls hanging all over him. And he was nice to everyone. And she just hated him!!!

But now he had her. If she said no, she'd have to leave town right now. Period. But what did he mean by slave? Do his laundry? Run errands? Be nice to him instead of a bitch? How bad could it be? After all, everyone thinks he's such a nice guy, he wouldn't do anything mean to her. Would he?

For life? FOR LIFE??? What could he possibly mean? After school they'd go to college, probably meet someone and get married, have a family, move on. Maybe this is just his way to get me to leave him alone and stop being so mean until then.

"Robbie, please...." Dani froze at the look on his face as she began to speak and his finger moved closer to the keyboard.

Oh, god, he's serious. If I don't say what he wants to hear, he'll push the key. Ohgod ohgod ohgod ohgod, what am I going to do!!! I feel sick.

"Master Robbie," Dani practically whispered.

Robbie relaxed a bit, lifting his finger from the keyboard. "Yes?"

"Master Robbie, I want to be your slave," Dani choked out.

"I can't hear you," Robbie said.

"Master Robbie, I want to be your slave," Dani said in a stronger voice, her eyes still on the floor, unable to look at him.

"And?" Robbie asked.

Dani didn't understand what he wanted. And? What did that mean? She was afraid to look at him. She was so ashamed of herself. Then she had an idea.

"For life," she said softly.

"I can't hear you," Robbie said softly. "Speak up and look at me when you talk to me."

Dani's knees were shaking as she looked up at her brother sitting in front of her computer. He had a completely neutral expression on his face as he watched her stand there, naked and basically helpless.

"Master Robbie, I want to be your slave for life," Dani managed to say, keeping her eyes on his the whole time.

"And do you know what a slave is?" Robbie asked.

"Y-y-yes.....no.....I don't know," Dani finally said.

"That means I own you. Totally. I tell you to do something, you do it without any further thought. Period. I tell you to not do something, you don't do it. Period. Forever. Do you understand that?" he asked.

Dani stared at him. She couldn't believe what she was hearing. This was like backwards time travel. A slave! What was she getting herself into?

"Yes," Dani said, "M-m-master," she finished, seeing his eyes narrow.

"Fine," Robbie said, turning to the computer. "Come stand over here," he told her.

Dani quickly walked over and stood slightly behind her brother as he sat at the computer. Looking at the screen, she saw that it was indeed an email with the file name of her diary as an attachment, only it wasn't addressed to all of the people he had said, it was only addressed to him.

Robbie pressed the ENTER key, sending the email, and Dani gasped.

"Why did you do that?" she demanded. "You said you wouldn't!"

"Don't you ever talk to me like that again," Robbie told her, turning to look at her. "You are a slave. Slaves don't question anything about their masters. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Master," Dani hissed after a moment's pause.

"But to make you feel better, I sent myself a copy of your diary. Now, if you delete yours, which I now forbid you to do, I'll still have a copy. Which I can send to whomever, whenever I want. Which I will do if you're not the perfect slave......forever."

"Oh, god," Dani moaned, putting her face in her hands.

"You don't have to call me that, Master will do," Robbie said, laughing.

"It's not funny," Dani said, adding, "Master," after he glared at her.

Robbie stood up then, putting him front to front in physical contact with his naked sister. Dani gasped and started to step back, but Robbie grabbed her by one arm to stop her, his other hand moving to cup and hold one of her breasts, squeezing it and then pinching the nipple between his fingers before releasing her.

"Robbie!" Dani exclaimed.

Robbie glared at her.

"M-m-master," Dani stammered, unable to get her mind used to the change. "I'm your sister."

"You're my slave," Robbie corrected her. "Anything else is just incidental now."

"R-r....Master," Dani began, "that's.............illegal," she finally said.

"Anytime you want to stop being my slave, all you have to do is say I'M FREE three times and you'll be free. But then I'll feel free to do what I want with your diary. As long as you're my slave, you and I are the only ones who will ever see your diary. As soon as you decide you want to be free, that can change," he told her. "So, it is really up to you. Whatever happens is going to happen of your own free will, by your decision and agreement. So you need to make up your mind," he told her.

Dani just stared at him, not six inches separating them, he dressed and she totally naked, brother and sister.

"Yes, Master," was all she said.

Robbie nodded, seeing that she had finally accepted her new situation. He then slowly pushed his shorts down to the floor, standing naked but for his t-shirt in front of his shocked sister. He then sat back down in the chair in front of the computer and picked up his still camera, looked through it at his sister and snapped a shot.

"W-w-what are you doing, Master?" she asked.

"You're so beautiful, I just had to have a picture of you," Robbie told her. "I'll email it to you so that you can put it in your diary."

"M-my diary?" she asked.

"Yes, your diary. I really like the way you write. You really pay attention to the small details. I want you to continue your diary, just like you always have, only now you'll have something more, something new to put in it. "And I'll take pictures for you so you can include them. That'll make your diary really special."

"Oh!" was all she managed.

"Now I want you to beg me to let you suck my dick," Robbie told her.

"Master!" Dani said, her eyes wide.

"And it better be very, very believable," Robbie told her. "If anyone is listening to us, I want them to believe you are really begging. Right now!"

"Oh, oh, oh, Master, I - I - I......oh, Master, I....can I......Master, please let me suck your cock," Dani finally managed to get out.

"What was that?" Robbie asked, watching her through the camera.

"Master, please, let me suck your cock," Dani said.

"I don't know," Robbie replied. "I'm not sure I'm in the mood,"

"Oh, Master, please. Please let me suck your cock." Dani said, this time with some feeling in her voice.

"Do you really want to?" Robbie asked.

"Oh, Master, yes, I really want to. I want to suck your cock. I want to taste your...." Dani said before catching herself and stopping.

"Yes? You want to taste what?" Robbie asked.

"Master, I want to taste your cum," Dani said in a small voice.

"You like cum, Slave?" Robbie asked.

"Yes, Master," Dani replied, blushing.

"Then suck my dick until I cum in your mouth," Robbie told his sister.

"Yes, Master," Dani said, sinking to her knees in front of him.

For the first time Dani really looked at her brother's cock and with a shock realized that he had a really nice one. Even mostly soft it was at least 6" long and very thick. With Robbie watching her through the camera, Dani reached out and, took her brother's cock into her hand for the first time. Almost immediately it began to grow harder in her hand as she instinctively began to jerk him, helping him get hard. In just a matter of seconds it was rock hard and at least 10" long and thicker than any cock she had ever seen. She couldn't believe that it more than filled both of her hands.

Robbie was taking pictures the whole time as Dani knelt between his legs and began to play with his dick. The look on her face when she saw him hard was a great picture, as was the one when she first leaned forward and tasted the slit of his dick with the tip of her tongue. Then she was swirling her tongue all around the head of his cock, licking up and down his shaft, sucking on his balls, until she finally locked her lips around the head of his cock and began lowering her mouth onto him, initially taking almost 6" into her mouth before sliding back and doing it again.

Dani fucked her face with her brother's huge cock like this for several minutes, frequently stopping to swirl her tongue around the head and into the slit before going back down on him. Finally she, took him into her mouth until the head of his cock was pressing at the entrance to her throat. As big as he was, Dani was somehow able to get her throat to relax enough for her to force herself down on his cock, pushing it into her throat until her face was pressed up against his belly.

She instinctively gulped and Robbie groaned, feeling her throat flex around his cock. Then she drew back until just the tip of her tongue was resting in the slit of his cock before sliding back down again, once more taking him into her throat. Dani felt her pussy getting wet as she sucked her brother's huge cock. It tasted so good and filled her mouth like no cock had ever done before.

Even though she was only 18, Dani had already given over 100 blowjobs. She kept count. She had fucked 7 different guys, two of them more than once. "And she had let two of them fuck her in the ass, also more than once. And now she was sucking the biggest, most beautiful cock she had ever seen and it belonged to the brother that she had hated more than life itself up until this minute. And now she was on her knees sucking him off in her own bedroom and loving it.

Robbie felt his balls begin to churn and knew that he was close to cumming. He also knew that he wasn't ready to cum yet. Reaching down he lifted his sister's face from his dick.

"Just a second," he told her. "I want better light for the cum shot. When I'm ready I just want you to open your mouth and stick out your tongue," Robbie instructed her.

"Yes, Master," Dani gasped, her eyes wide with excitement. She couldn't wait to taste her brother's cum.

Robbie adjusted the chair so that he was facing the door and Dani scooted over to continue kneeling between his legs, his cock sticking straight up in the air. They heard the sound of a car horn going off in the distance.

"Okay, keep going," he told her.

Eagerly Dani grabbed her brother's cock and began licking and sucking on him again and in no time had him buried deep in her throat. Robbie groaned as he continued to take pictures. Just as he felt his balls beginning to tighten again, Robbie saw the door to Dani's bedroom slowly open. What little noise it made was more than covered up by the sounds of Dani sucking his dick.
