 It's odd how things change as you get older. Take my sister for example. We were never close when we were younger. She was the spoiled only sister, and I was the "evil" older brother. In revenge, whenever she used to get me into trouble, I used to call her the accident, as she was six years younger than me and four younger than our brother. It wasn't until she turned eighteen that things began to change. Any time I was in the shower, she would, "accidentally" walk in, get a quick look at me and then run out blushing. I still think that the blushes were also fake, but she won't admit that! 

"Shower's free Paul." Lisa shouted down the hall to the bedroom I shared with my brother when I was home. 

"Thanks." I shouted back.

Wrapping the towel around me I strolled into the bathroom. Turning on the shower I threw the towel onto the rack and got in. The hot water coursing down my body was soothing after two hours of Tai Kwon Do training, as the heat loosened up muscles still tight from exertion. 

Now I won't say I'm the best looking guy around, but I'm far from the worst. I'm about six foot two inches tall, muscular, but not overly so. Long black hair that I usually kept tied back and deep green eyes.

I was washing my hair and had just managed to get some shampoo in my eyes when I heard the door open. 

"Sorry, I forgot my watch." Lisa apologised.

"No problem, I replied, as you're there can you pass me the towel I'm after getting soap in my eyes."

"Sure." She replied after a minute hesitation. 

I stretched out my hand and took the towel. 

"Thanks sis."

"OK."

I threw the towel back on the rack as she took her watch and headed for the door. She was wearing only a towel that covered her from her breasts to mid thigh. Her shoulder length black hair was still wet from her shower and her skin was damp, giving it a kind of sheen. 

"Fuck." She muttered as she dropped her watch. 

She bent down to pick it up, giving me a wonderful view of her ass, something she had not done before. 

Beautiful, I thought to myself.

Lisa is quite a good-looking girl. She's tall, about five foot nine or ten inches, green eyed and black haired like me. Her breasts are about a 32B, and she's slim, owning a fabulous pair of legs with a great ass.

After my shower I went back to my room, got dressed and checked my Emails on my brother's computer. After that I went to fix myself a spot of supper.

Our parents were away for the weekend, on what they termed a "dirty weekend". I shuddered at the thought. Now don't get me wrong, I don't care if they fuck every night of the week, and twice a day, but I would rather not know the details. Who does really?! 

I threw some food into the microwave and within a few minutes I was enjoying home cooked food! Living away has its down sides!

I cleaned up after and switched on the TV. Taking a video that I had rented that day off the shelf, I put it on. A good mixture of action, gore and good fuck scenes, one of my friends had said.

About ten minutes in, my sister walked into the room, wearing a short T-shirt and a pair of shorts, her usual attire before going to bed.

"What's the film?" She asked throwing herself down on the couch.

I told her.

"Oh. Any good?"

"Supposed to be, that's why I'm watching it."

"Oh. You want a drink?"

"Yeah, sure."

She got up and promptly sat down again, grimacing.

"What's up?" I asked

"Cramp." She replied kneading her left calf muscle.

I got up and knelt down in front of her. Taking her leg in my hands I began to massage the offending muscle.

"Better?" I asked after a few minutes.

She got up and walked around.

"Yeah. Thanks."

"No charge."

"Your good at that." She complimented.

"What?"

"Massaging."

"Oh. Just practice. What about that drink?"

"Oh yeah, sure."

She walked out to the fridge and took a look inside.

"Cider ok?"

"Sure, whatever."

She pranced back in and handed me the can and opened her own.

I opened it only to have it fizz up on me.

She giggled as she sat down.

"You little bitch. You shook it."

She nodded and laughed.

"Well we'll see about that." I snarled.

I shook it again and sprayed cold cider over her top as she tried to get away.

"You bastard." She almost shrieked.

"Least you deserve." I replied laughing.

"My top is all wet now."

"It'll dry." I replied grinning at her.

As I looked at her I noticed that she wasn't wearing a bra, and her nipples were erect as a result of the cold cider. I also noticed that I was more than a little turned on at the sight of her.

"Bastard." She muttered again.

She threw herself down on the couch again and took a slug from her can. Stretching her legs she suddenly turned sideways and rested them across my legs. 

"Massage my legs?" She inquired.

"Nope, watching the film."

"Ah go on."

"Nope."

"Please?"

"Jeeze, alright, if only to shut you up."

"I got up and got some baby oil and poured some on my hands. 

"Move your right leg, I told her, I can only do one leg at a time."

Starting at the sole of her foot, by slowly worked my way up her calf, and onto her thigh, feeling a little more turned on as I continued. I hoped she couldn't feel my hard shaft under her leg.

I was just reaching the bottom of her shorts when she said "No higher."

"Wasn't planning on it, I answered gruffly, other leg."

She let her left leg drape over the side of the couch, as she placed her left leg on my lap, allowing me to see almost to her pussy. Her legs were as smooth as silk, and firm, I knew I'd be wanking later on with this picture in my mind.

Again, I started at her sole and moved up her leg, slowly, letting her enjoy the sensations.

The film was now entering one of the steamy sex scenes and my eyes were glued to the screen, as my hands worked my way up her thighs. My hands began to work under her shorts almost at the top of her thigh, but I didn't really notice. It wasn't until my fingers brushed her pussy that I realized how far I'd gone. I sneaked a glance at her, and saw that she too was engrossed in the film, laying back against the armrest, her breathing, a little shallow and her lips slightly parted. 

Deciding to take a chance, I let my fingers slide between her legs, and part her pussy lips, as if by accident. There was no response, so I began to slowly toy with her clit. Her breathing became a little shallower, and a little faster, as she began to get aroused. Her hands unconsciously began to caress her breasts, and one began to slide between her legs. When it encountered my hand, she suddenly looked at me and blushed a deep fiery red. But the look she gave me was wanton.

"I've never let anyone touch me there." She mumbled.

"Sorry, I apologised, I got a bit carried away."

I went to move my hand but hers clamped down over it.

"Please don't stop." She begged shyly, blushing again.

Committing myself to the course I had begun, I continued to finger her, as she raised her pubic mound against my hand, her breath coming in shallow gasps. It was too much for me so I unzipped my jeans and began to wank off.

"Can I…Can I see it? She asked hesitantly, I've never seen one in real life."

I slid my Jeans and boxers off and let her see my proud cock.

Shuffling around on the couch, I lay down beside her, as she stretched out a hand and gently held it. Slowly she began to stroke my rod.

"Is this right?" She asked.

I nodded. I was more than a little surprised; as I'd been certain that she'd had boyfriends before. Surely she wasn't a virgin?

Now that she'd taken over my shaft from my left hand, I slid it under her top, gently squeezing her nipples and massaging her breasts. They felt fantastic.

She moaned a little louder and pushed herself harder against my hand.

"Kiss me." She breathed.

Our lips met and straight away my tongue darted into her mouth, caressing tongue. At first it was a slow easy kiss, but it became more and more urgent, as she neared her climax. I couldn't wait any longer.

"Open your mouth." I told her.

She did and I moved up higher on the couch until I could push my shaft into her mouth. She shook her head a little, but I held her there.

"Suck it for me little sis."

She shook her head again and tried to move, even as her climax neared.

"Come on, it'll be ok." I told her. She moaned again, louder than before, and she slowly began to suck.

"Use your tongue." I ordered.

I could feel her tongue begin to slide around my shaft as I thrust a little deeper in to her mouth, feeling my balls tighten and my load work it's way up my shaft, I worked herder on her clit, and as her slim body shook with her climax, I shot my load deep into her mouth.

I gently slid out my shaft, as my cum trickled down her chin, splashing on her breasts. She looked at me, her eyes teary, and ran out of the room.

"Now I've done it." I thought to myself. 

I turned off the video and went to bed.

I didn't see Lisa the next morning, she had gotten up before me and gone out. I was still worried about what had happened the previous night, so I got on my bike and went for a spin to clear my head. When I got home, I had decided to go back to the city and spend Monday relaxing, so I got my gear together and drove off. 

At first I wasn't sure what had woken me, Monday afternoon. I had gone out that night and had slept in, enjoying my last morning off before I had to go back to work. I rolled over in the bed and closed my eyes, determined to get at least another hour asleep before I got up. The bedroom door opened slowly and I turned over to see who was coming into my room. It was Lisa. She was wearing her school uniform, presumably because she was supposed to be there. She sat on the edge of the bed and looked at me. I shook my head trying to clear my brain of the last cobwebs of sleep. She leaned over me and pressed her lips to mine.

"Lisa, what are you doing here?"

"I had to come, she said slowly, I wanted to know if what happened Saturday night meant anything, or you were just after a cheap grope."

"I wasn't after a cheap grope Lis, I'm not really sure if it meant anything though, it kind of just happened."

"So, you regret it."

"No, but, I don't know what to think Lisa. You're a beautiful girl, but I would never do anything to…"

She pressed her Lips to mine again, and kissed me, her little tongue slipping in to my mouth. I returned the kiss, realizing as I did that she really did mean more to me than just my sister.

"Did you regret it?" I asked her.

"I did at first, but, not now. "

She looked at me for a second, biting her bottom lip and then started to say something. She stopped and started again.

"Paul, will you teach me how to please a guy?"

"What?" I asked a little startled.

"I'm still a virgin, and all I've ever really done is kiss guys."

I held her head in my hands and kissed her, deeply. There were two thumps as her shoes dropped off and landed on the floor. 

I rolled out of the bed and let her stand in front of me.

"Are you sure this is what you want?" I asked her.

She nodded.

I kissed her again, my hands sliding up her smooth legs and clasping her ass, pulling her up against me. She wrapped her arms around my neck and began to rub herself against my now erect shaft. 

I opened her blouse and slid it off her shoulders, followed by her bra. She dropped a hand, and started to stroke my shaft, I knew she was excited and nervous at the same time, but her hand skills were a little better than the first night. I pulled off her panties and then tugged down her skirt. 

"Do you know how long I've wanted you?" I asked her roughly.

"No, she replied, but I've dreamed of this for so long. Take me now Paul, I want to feel you inside me."

I pushed her down on the bed.

"Open your legs for me Lis." I ordered.

She hesitantly spread her legs a little. 

I grabbed her legs and wrenched them apart, getting carried away in my excitement. I lay on top of her and plunged in, my shaft ripping through her virginity. She cried in pain, but I was past caring, I was fucking my sister. I slid a hand down between her legs as I rode her hard and began to play with her clit. Her breathing quickened.

"Fuck me harder Paul, harder."

She began to buck under me and shout obscenities as she began to climax.

My innocent little sister was almost screaming as she orgasmed under me, but I wasn't done yet. I pulled out of her and began to lick her out, exploring every art of her bald cunt with my tongue. She practically quivered, s she pressed her wet pussy against my mouth. I swivelled around and told her to suck me off. She took a little of my shaft into her mouth and tried to do as I asked, but it wasn't enough and I thrust my shaft deep into her throat and she began to gag and choke on it. I continued to thrust, fucking her mouth as I licked her out. Again she began to squirm under me, and I pulled out of her mouth, she was nearly crying as she tried to catch her breath.

"Fuck me please, fuck me." She begged.

I obliged her, ramming myself into her. I kissed her hard, our tongues sliding against each other as we both began to orgasm. My cum spurted into her virgin cunt, as red-hot liquid sprayed over my cock. She moaned into my mouth and finally lay still.

I collapsed on top of her, exhausted by the effort.

"Sorry, I whispered in her ear, I didn't mean to be so rough."

"I should have let you fuck me years ago." Was her dreamy reply.

In my mind I agreed with her, and knew that nothing would ever be the same between us again.