 It was Friday night and I got home about 20 minutes early, ready to begin the weekend. The house was silent. Jeff, my son, must not be home yet, I thought. I decided to change into something more comfortable. That simple decision set off a chain of events that has forever changed my life.

When I walked in the room I froze in my tracks. Jeff was lying on my bed completely naked. He had one hand wrapped around his long hard cock. His eyes were closed and he was stroking his cock fast. I know I should have walked out of the room, but I was shocked and mesmerized by the scene in front of me. 

It seamed like longer but I was only standing there for about 10 seconds before he moaned and started bucking his hips. His cock was pumping hard and fast causing him to moan louder. Suddenly he said, "Yes, oh my God, your a great fuck. Mmmm, I'm going to cum." His body went rigid and his sperm shot out of his cock onto his chest and stomach. "Uuuhhg, Yesss, Mom, I'm filling your hot cunt with cum," he grunted.

"Oh my," I stammered. Shocked by the realization that I was the subject of his fantasy. 

As soon as I uttered the words his eyes flew open. He turned towards me, a look of horror on his face. It wasn't funny, but I had to struggle to keep from laughing. He was still in the middle of cumming as he tried to cover himself with his hands. Cum was splashing off his hands and going every which way. He jumped up, hands still covering his spurting cock and hesitated. I was standing in the doorway, blocking the only exit to the room. "I'm sorry," he stammered as he quickly headed towards the door. 

I was frozen in place, as I watched him scurry towards me, cum dripping on the floor. He squeezed past me and out the door. I turned and watched his bare ass as he scampered down the hall and into his room. Finally regaining my senses I called out, "It's okay, uhh, umm." My voice trailed off as I realized that I had no idea what to say. 

It was hard being a single mother. His Dad died in a car accident when he was only 5, a long 13 years ago. I sat on the bed and took a few deep breaths, struggling with my feelings. To be honest I had to admit that I was slightly aroused. Seeing a spurting cock had always been a turn-on. Sure, I've had some lovers over the years, but there has been a dry spell lately. I changed and then walked down the hall to the dining room. When I passed his door, I called out, "I'm going to order us some pizza for dinner, do you want any specific kind?"

There was a long pause before I heard a muffled, "Whatever kind you want is fine with me."

I felt bad, he was obviously embarrassed. When the Pizza arrived I called to his room, "The pizza's here, come on out for dinner." My heart sank when he came out of his room. He was looking down at the floor and mumbled another apology before sitting at the table. We ate in awkward silence. No matter how hard I tried to start a conversation he only gave one word responses. His face was still beet red and he couldn't look me in the eye. 

After dinner he headed right back to his room. Needless to say, I was starting to get concerned that he was going to be emotionally scarred. I could just see him on Oprah now, "My mom saw me masturbate and now I'm scarred me for life." I coaxed him out of his room long enough to watch a movie. When the movie ended there was an awkward silence hanging in the room. 

"I'm going to go to bed, goodnight Mom," Jeff said.

"Good night honey," I replied.

Needless to say I starting to get concerned. Just before slipping into bed I decided that I couldn't let things hang the way they were. I slid on a long tee shirt to cover me and knocked on his Jeff's door. "Jeff, can I talk to you for a couple of minutes?"

There was another long pause before he said, "Sure, come on in."

He was already in bed. He had the covers pulled up to his chest and he wasn't wearing a shirt. 'I wonder if he sleeps in the nude.' I pushed that thought out of my mind and sat on the bed. I stroked his hair like I did when he was a child and said, "Jeff, try not to be embarrassed. There really isn't anything to be ashamed of, everyone masturbates."

"I know," he replied. He was looking down at the floor when he added, "But you saw me, uhm, ahh, do it. And uhm, uhm, you saw me naked."

I watched as he slowly looked up. His gaze moved up my legs, then lingered on my breasts. I felt my nipples harden as he stared at my tits. The thin material hid them view, but the shirt was tight enough to make the fact that I was bra-less quite evident. I felt my face flush as I said, "It's really not such a big deal. It really is okay."

I watched his gaze follow my breasts as they swayed when I stood. I turned and walked to the door. I looked back, and noticed that he was staring at my legs. "Good night son, I love you."

"Love you too mom," he replied. I closed the door and went to my room.

The next day didn't show any improvement. He was still sullen and withdrawn. He spent most of the day in his room. That night before turning in, I returned to his room.

"Look Jeff, we are going to have to get past this," I told him. "Like I told you last night, everyone masturbates. As far as seeing you naked, who do you think changed your diapers?"

"That was a long time ago, that's different." 

"I suppose it is different. On the other hand I have seen a penis or two in my lifetime." I replied calmly. I looked at his face only to find that he was staring at my breasts. I looked down at and saw a bulge under the covers. My pussy moistened as I realized that I was feeding his fantasies. I took a deep breath, and placed my hand on his chest. His heart was beating rapidly. 

I started lightly stroking his chest and said, "Masturbating is a part of growing up, everyone does it. I think that the best thing we can do is get this subject out in the open." I took the covers and pulled them down exposing his hard cock. 

"Hey, what are you doing?" he exclaimed. His hands quickly moved to cover his hardening cock.

"I'm just going to show you that it's okay to masturbate. I figure if I help you do it this once, you might be less embarrassed." I looked down and said, "Now move your hands so I can see your penis." He moved his hands and his hard cock came into view. 

"It's a nice big one," I told him, hoping to build his confidence. I took his hand and placed it back on his cock. Then slowly moved it up and down the shaft before letting go of it. "Go ahead and stroke it. Make yourself ejaculate. That's it, keep stroking." He looked into my face and I smiled, "See I told you it was okay." Jeff started stroking faster, his hips moving to meet his strokes. Suddenly he stopped and took his hand off his cock. 

"What's the matter," I asked. 

"I was going to uhm, ahh, umm."

"That's the whole idea isn't it. To ejaculate or as you kids say, cum?" I reached down and took his hard cock in my hand. I started pumping slowly and asked, "How does that feel?" 

All he could do is let out a low moan. He hips started bucking and I started pumping faster. "I want you to cum for me," I told him.

His pace quickened and I stroked his hard shaft faster. "I'm going to cum," he announced. I cupped his balls with my other hand and stroked faster. Suddenly his body went rigid and a deep groan escaped his lips. I felt his balls pulse and his first shot of cum sprang from the tip of his cock. "Uhhg," he grunted as I felt his cock twitch and spurt again. I continued to slowly stroke his shaft, milking it dry.

"See now that wasn't anything to be embarrassed about was it?" I smiled and looked down at his softening cock. Cum was still leaking from the tip and there were several pools on his stomach and chest. "Let me get you a washcloth," I said. He eyed me up and down as I stood, staring at my legs and the sway of my breasts. I was wearing the same long T-shirt as the day before and could feel my hard nipples straining against the thin material. 

I returned with a washcloth, his gaze was fixed on my hard nipples as they pressed against my thin nightshirt. He hadn't moved, his soft spent cock was still exposed. I tossed him the washcloth and said, "Clean yourself up and get some sleep."

He smiled and said, "Thanks Mom, for everything."

I just smiled, winked and said, "Goodnight."

I went back to my room and closed the door. I pulled the shirt over my head and climbed into bed. My hand immediately went to my wet snatch. It was my turn, I thought. I slid a finger into my pussy, lubricating it with my juices. I then started rubbing my swollen clit. All I could do was picture Jeff's cock spurting cum. I pinched a nipple and rubbed my clit faster. I moaned quietly and slid one finger in my pussy while the other continued to rub my clit. "Yesss," I panted as my orgasm hit. After my orgasm subsided, I smiled, rolled over and fell into a deep dreamless sleep. 

The next morning I woke to find that Jeff was his old chipper self again. Bright and cheery as if nothing had ever happened. "Good job," I thought. "Perhaps a little unorthodox, but effective." I went off to work feeling great.

I returned home that evening at my normal time. "Jeff, I'm home," I called out. There was no answer, so I headed to my room to change. 

When I walked into my room I found Jeff. He was lying on my bed naked, with his hand wrapped around his hard cock. He continued his slow stroking as he looked over at me. I didn't know what to say.

Jeff broke the silence, "You said it was okay to do this right?" 

I looked at his swollen cock and said, "Well, uhh, I guess I did, didn't I. Usually people masturbate in private, but I guess it's okay."

He smiled and said, "Would you finish me like last night?"

"No," I replied. "It looks like you've got things all under control." 

I stood in the doorway and watched as his hand flew over his cock. I smiled when I noticed that he was looking at me. His gaze shifted between my breasts and my face. I looked back down at his cock, the tip was glistening with precum. Jeff grunted and his body went rigid as cum spurt from his cock pooling on his chest and stomach. His pace slowed until his cock stopped jerking. He removed his hand from his cock giving me an unobstructed view. I watched his spent cock soften while the remaining cum oozed out. 

"I'll get you a washcloth," I said. "So we can get you cleaned up." I wetted a washcloth with warm water. I walked over and sat on the bed next to him. "What a messy boy you are!" I teased. "Always making a mess for his mom to clean up." We both laughed. I wiped the cum from his chest and stomach, then moved down by his cock. I wiped his cock with the washcloth, then held his cock with my other hand saying, "Wouldn't want it to get dirty again." I wiped the up cum that pooled by it and said, "There you go, clean as a whistle."

"Thanks mom," he said. 

"Now get out of here I need to change." 

"Can I stay and watch?" he asked.

"No, certainly not. Now go get dressed and you can help me get dinner ready."

For the next week it became a nightly ritual. I found that I was becoming more comfortable with it every day. I found myself sitting next to him on the bed stroking the hair on his head as he masturbated. 

Looking back, I'm sure he did it on purpose, but he made it look like an accident. He was stroking his cock with reckless abandon and soon announced that he was about to cum. As the cum spurt from his cock it landed on my skirt. "Oh my," I said and quickly stood up. "This is a dry clean only skirt." 

"Sorry," he said. "It seams to have a mind of it's own."

"Yeah, that seams to be true with most men," I replied. 

I cleaned him up and sent him off to get dressed. 

The next night I found him cock in hand waiting for me to arrive, no surprise there. I walked up to the side of the bed and sat next to him on the bed. His cock was hard and ready but he didn't start stroking. He looked at me and said, "Mom, maybe you should take your dress off so it doesn't get dirty." 

I looked down at him and said in a serious tone, "Do you think it might?"

"You never know what might happen."

I heard something in the back of my mind say "No, don't do it." But what came out of my mouth was, "That's probably a good idea." His eyes grew big as he watched me slip off my dress. His gaze was drawn to my black lacy bra. "There," I said. 

"What about your slip?" he asked. 

"If you think that it's a good idea," I replied. The voice in the back of my mind grew louder, but the slip came off in one quick motion. I stood there in my black bra and skimpy black bikini panties. 'My swimsuit actually shows more skin,' I thought to myself, trying to justify my actions. I felt my pussy start to moisten as he gawked.

"You look awesome, mom," Jeff panted. "But what about your bra? It looks pretty fancy, maybe you should take it off."

The voices were yelling, "Don't do it. You know it's wrong, he's your son." But my body had other plans, my hands moved to the clasp, unhooking it. I shrugged off the straps and my bra fell to the ground. My bare breasts were now on display. My nipples were hard and pointy and the focus of all his attention. 

"Wow," he stammered. "They're incredible." 

I felt my nipples harden even more under his gaze. I just stood there for about 5 minutes letting him stare at my 'B' size breasts, which were the perfect size for my petite frame. Finally, I pointed to his cock and said, "It looks like you need to pay attention to something else."

"But, I'm worried that you might get something on your panties."

The voices were screaming as my hands moved to my panties. "Do you really think I should take them off?" He nodded, but it was the look in his eyes that convinced me. I bent forward slightly, his eyes were drawn to my tits as they fell away from my body. I smiled as I watched his face. He couldn't decide where to look, at my swaying tits or at my pussy that was slowly coming into view. His eyes dropped to my pussy as my panties dropped to my ankles. I walked up to the side of the bed and stood with my feet slightly apart. My bush was neatly trimmed allowing him to see my pussy lips as well.

He was speechless, but the look on his face was worth a thousand words. I have never seen such lust in all my life. I sat next to him on the bed, which provided him with a great close-up view of my hard nipples. He reached up to touch one of my tits, but I intercepted his hand and put it on his hard cock. "Make yourself cum," I instructed. He started slowly pumping his hard shaft as he gazed at my body. His look of utter lust and desire made my pussy even wetter. 

It wasn't long before he was grunting pumping his hard cock like there was no tomorrow. "I'm going to cum," he grunted. I watched as he stiffened and pointed his cock towards me. Cum erupted from his cock landing on my right tit. 

"Hey, watched where you aim that thing," I said. Before he could move it, a second blast landed just below the first, just missing my tit this time. He finished spurting onto his chest and stomach. He just stared at my right tit, watching the cum run down. 

"Sorry," he said. As he ogled my cum covered tit.

I looked down at my breast, looking at the glob of cum. Without thinking I reached over and scooped it up with my fingers. He moaned when I brought my fingers to my mouth and licked off the cum. I had forgotten how much I loved the taste of cum. I scooped up the second glob of cum and also licked my fingers clean. 

"I guess I should get you cleaned up," I said. Instead of leaving the room to get a washcloth, I kneeled next to him on the bed. I leaned down, my breast dangling and started licking the pools of cum off his chest. He moaned lightly as he watched my tongue start to lap up the pools of cum. 

His hand found my tits and this time I didn't object. I moaned as he lightly pinched my hard nipples. 

I worked my way down toward his cock as his hands continued to caress my tits. He moved one hand and I felt it start to rub my pussy. "Mmmm", I moaned as I spread my legs a little further, allowing him better access. I felt a finger slip into my wet pussy and I moaned loader. I was hot as hell and said, "That's it, yes, it feels so good." He started finger fucking me making me moan even louder. 

The only thing left to clean was his cock. I licked the tip and then sucked it's length in my mouth. I swirled my tongue around the shaft, to make sure it was completely clean. "Oh my God, That's incredible. Mmmm, yes Mom, suck my cock," Jeff said. I held the base of his cock with one hand and licked the slit to get the last drops of cum. He started to moan loader and I felt his cock start coming back to life. I licked the length of his shaft then sucked his cock back into my mouth. "Yessss, Oh my God," he moaned.

It was hard to concentrate because his finger was still sliding in and out of my pussy. I started humping his hand and he quickened his pace, fingering me faster and faster. I let his cock slip from my lips and panted, "I'm going to cum, don't stop. Please don't stop!" He reached down and rubbed my clit with his other hand and I cried out, "Oh my God, Yessssss, I'm cummmming." My orgasm ripped through me making my whole body shudder.

After catching my breath I sucked his cock back in my mouth. When it was good and hard I wrapped one hand around the base of the shaft and started pumping. I held the tip in my mouth and sucked as he started fucking my mouth. "It feels so good, you're incredible," he told me. 

His finger was still rubbing my pussy and I felt another orgasm approaching. I started humping his hand again while I sucked his cock. As soon as I started humping his hand he started rubbing my clit with his other hand. I groaned, and once again his cock slipped from my mouth. "Yes, ohhh my god, I'm cumming again," I shouted.

I continued pumping his cock while I recovered. As soon as I caught my breath I pushed his hands away and put my leg over him, straddling his cock. I slowly lowered myself and felt the tip of his cock at the entrance of my pussy. I started to have second thoughts thinking, "Oh my God, he's your son, what do you think you're doing?" 

Before I could move I felt his cock thrust upward, sliding into my wet pussy. "Oh my God, you feel incredible," we both moaned simultaneously. All thoughts of stopping were gone, I quickly lowered myself so is cock was completely engulfed. "Oh yess, fuck me, fuck meeee," I cried out.

His hand fondled my tits while I started fucking his cock. He met each of my movements with a thrust of his own. He moaned loudly, "Ohhh Yessss, incredible, Arrrgggh. 

"I'm going to cummm, Oh yesss, I'm going to cum I told him." His thrusting and grunting made it clear that he was ready to explode as well. My orgasm hit and I cried out, "I'm cumming, Oh my God I'm cumming again. 

His cock pounded into me a couple more times before he grunted, "Yes, oh my God, your a great fuck. Mmmm, I'm going to cum." I felt him ram deep and felt his cum splash into my pussy. "Uuuhhg, Yes, Mom, I'm filling your hot cunt with cum," 

"That's it, fill my hot cunt with your cum. Yes, fill your Mom's cunt." I felt spurt after spurt of cum splashing into my cunt. Where did it all come from I wondered? My God it felt like gallons.

I collapsed onto him both of us panting for breath. I gave him a kiss, thrusting my tongue in his mouth. When the kiss broke, I rolled off and slipped his cock back into my mouth. When I had cleaned it of all our juices, I let his limp cock slip free. I looked up at him, he was grinning from ear to ear. "Go on, get out of here and get dressed. It's getting late and I'm starved."

I watched him get up and walk to his room. I just lay there a few minutes basking in the glow of a great fuck.

The next night I drove home with my skirt around my waist, with my panties pulled to the side. This gave me direct access to my pussy and I took full advantage of that fact, cumming twice before I even walked into the house. I knew where he would be waiting and I quickly raced to the bedroom. As soon as I entered I started ripping off my clothes, my blouse skirt, bra, and panties went flying in all directions.
