 WARNING

This novel covers a wide range of explicit sexual practices, so if you are offended, in any way, by stories with strong sexual content that you may consider abhorrent were it practiced in real life, please cease reading now and delete the file.

If you are under 18, you have no right to read any further and MUST delete NOW!

LEGAL STUFF

This story was Copyrighted by the author, who retains all rights whatsoever over publication in any form. It must not be published on any pay-site or used in any publication for profit, without the author's written approval. The file may be reposted to Newsgroups, but must not be changed in any way, must be posted in its entirety and must contain this note "FROM THE AUTHOR" in full.

GENERAL All names are fictitious and do not intentionally relate to any person, either living or dead. All comments and constructive suggestions may be directed to me via the COMMENT tab on my profile.

------------------------------

"See you, Mom. I'm heading out to the mall with Carol and Joan," Stacey hollered as she headed for the back door. "Oh hey, Greg. I didn't hear you come in. Got anything planned for today?" Stacey asked as she entered the kitchen.

"Nah. Just dropped in for some breakfast. Probably head over to the basketball courts this afternoon to shoot some hoops," replied Greg with a grin.

"Alright. I'll see you later. Have fun." Stacey waved goodbye as she ran out the door.

It was the first week of summer vacation. Stacey and Greg had just finished grade 11 and were looking forward to a relaxing summer before starting grade 12. They had known each other their entire lives, and, until the last few years, had been best of friends. They were still close, but over time had begun to drift slowly apart as their interests, and friends, took them in different directions. It hadn't always been that way. 

Stacey Clark was an only child and lived with her mother. She never knew her father, since he had passed away when she was only 1 year old. Around that time, Greg Adams and his family had moved in next door. Since Greg was only a year older than Stacey, they became instant friends. They did everything together, including going to the same school. However, when Greg was 10 years old, his parents fell on hard times and were forced to sell the house, and move to another part of town. Greg and Stacey's friendship continued, but as they entered puberty, things began to slowly change. Through that period, Stacey developed into a beautiful woman. Though she only stood 5'3" tall and weighed 115lbs, she proportionately was well built. She had wavy shoulder length auburn hair with dark almond coloured eyes. Her high cheekbones and cute little nose topped with a few freckles gave her that 'girl next door' innocent appearance. Apart from her height, her measurements were those of a model. She had perfectly shaped breasts which fit neatly into a 'B' cup bra followed by a slender firm waist and perfectly rounded ass, held up by a pair of slender shapely legs. All in all, she was a gorgeous package.

Greg developed as well, but not nearly as pronounced as Stacey. He grew to 5'11" tall and weighed 175lbs. He had short dirty blond hair, brown eyes and average facial features. His body was toned, but not overly muscular. The best thing you could say about him was that he was average. Not overly good at any one thing.

As they came into puberty, Greg's feelings for Stacey began to change. He took notice of the beautiful woman she was becoming, and developed strong feelings for her. He was too shy, though, to let her know how he was feeling, and so continued to watch her from the sidelines, as they slowly drifted apart. His feelings for her became an obsession, as the years passed and the distance continued to grow. They were still good friends and saw each other practically every day, but it became more and more difficult for Greg, as he watched her date other boys. Stacey's mom was like a second mom for Greg, and she welcomed him in their home anytime. He would often just walk in, sit down at the kitchen table, and her mom would make him some something to eat. He was like another member of the family. Mrs. Clark didn't mind, since she knew Greg's parents were still having financial and marital difficulties. So Greg would look for every opportunity to get out of the house, and away from that situation.

Greg's obsession with Stacey took a dark turn, as he began to conspire for ways to get information on her, and, hopefully, get her to notice and start taking an interest in him. He devised a plan which, he hoped, would give him some form of leverage to use against her. Two days ago, while hanging out at the Clark residence, watching some TV, he put this plan into action. He slipped onto their computer, while Stacey was out with some friends, and Mrs. Clark was in the kitchen cooking supper. Greg quickly installed the invisible 'key logger' program he had brought with him on a memory stick. The program was designed to silently log all keystrokes made by the user, and would also take periodic screen shots and then e-mail the entire package, every 5 minutes, to his e-mail address. All of this would happen in the background, without the user ever being aware.

The first night was rather unremarkable, and mostly involved Stacey talking with her girlfriends, on MSN Messenger, about their plans for the upcoming weekend, but the next night something happened, which was so unexpected and unbelievable, that it set in motion an event which went way beyond anything Greg had ever imagined possible. After eating supper at the Clark's again, Greg indicated that he was not feeling well and was going to go home and head to bed early. He of course ran home and quickly logged onto his computer expecting Stacey to get on again and begin talking with her friends. However, unbeknownst to him, Stacey had got a last minute call from one of her girlfriends asking if she wanted to come over for the night to watch a couple of movies with the girls. 

After about a half hour had passed, Greg's account began to receive e-mails from the key logger program. As he began to read through the first e-mail, Greg was beside himself with excitement. The e-mail showed that Stacey was Googling pornographic websites - specifically sites which catalogued and stored sex stories. As he checked the screenshots and the text which was being typed into the search bar, he found that she was looking for stories which dealt with S&M, dominance and submission, bondage and humiliation. The next e-mail had a screenshot of the story that she was apparently reading, since the next several e-mails all had screenshots of the same story, just pages later. Greg hastily typed in the website information and quickly navigated to the story in question. The story was entitled "My Pet Teacher" and was about a young female teacher who got blackmailed into submission by one of her grade 12 students. The story described numerous sexual acts which were designed to punish and humiliate the teacher. The story was hot and was a tremendous turn-on for Greg. He had never really considered going that far, but the thought of it intrigued him. 

As the e-mails continued to come in Greg saw that Stacey had moved on to another story called "The Making of an Office Slut" which dealt with a female office executive, who was also blackmailed into submission by her secretary and was forced into performing various sexually degrading, painful, and humiliating acts. As he read through the second story, Greg couldn't help but begin to masturbate as he imagined Stacey doing the same thing as she read through the story.

After having an explosive orgasm into one of his discarded sweat socks, Greg saw that Stacey had moved on and was now Googling sites which had free sex pictures for viewing. Many of the photos showed women, in various states of bondage, being clamped, whipped, spanked, or cum on. Other pictures showed women on their knees gagging on massive cocks, which filled their mouths and throats, all eventually getting cum facials. Yet others had women getting gang banged by numerous men, filling all of their orifices at once.

Greg was floored. He had never expected this!!! On a whim, Greg grabbed the phone and dialed Stacey's number, hoping to catch her in an awkward moment.

"Hello."

"Oh hi, Mrs. C. Can I talk with Stacey please?" Greg asked Mrs. Clark.

"No, I'm sorry. Greg, but soon after you left, Stacey got a call from Carol asking if she wanted to come over and watch some movies. She left soon after you did," Mrs. Clark replied.

After a moment's pause, Greg asked, "So, you're the only one home right now?"

"Yes, that's right. It's just been me this evening. Was there something I can help you with Greg?" Mrs. Clark asked politely.

"Umm.....no that's fine Mrs. C. I'll talk to Stacey tomorrow," Greg quickly replied.

"Alright then, good night, Greg."

"Goodnight, Mrs. C." Greg slowly hung up the phone and continued to stare at the receiver for several minutes. This was a curve ball he certainly hadn't expected. 

For the first time, Greg began to think about Mrs. Clark in a very different way. He had never really noticed before but she was really just an older version of Stacey. She had gotten pregnant with Stacey just after her 16th birthday, so that meant she was only 34 years old right now. 'Not really that old at all,' he thought to himself. Strange he had never noticed before. She was a couple of inches taller than Stacey, but from what he could see through the slightly baggy clothing she always wore, her figure was very similar to Stacey's. She had slightly longer, straighter and darker colored hair than Stacey, but had the exact same eyes and facial features.

Reading through the stories again, a plan began to take shape in Greg's mind. If he couldn't have Stacey, maybe he could have her mother instead.

The next morning, Greg got up early and headed over to the Clark's. He let himself in, as he always did, and sat at the kitchen table reading the paper. He had a hard time focusing on the words on the page and found his mind constantly wandering back to the plan he had formulated last night. When Stacey walked into the kitchen, hollering to her mother that she was heading out to the mall with her friends, Greg hardly noticed her, he was so deep in thought.

When she asked him a question, he found he had to struggle to focus on her and come up with an answer. He managed to blurt out something about going to shoot hoops, and was actually glad when she left it at that and ran out the door with a quick wave. Now he was home alone with her mom and could start to put his plan into action.

He continued to sit at the table and pretend to read the paper until he heard Mrs. Clark enter.

"Oh, hi, Greg."

"Hi, Mrs. C. Did you have a good night last night?" Greg asked very pointedly, staring intently at her. She was wearing another one of her bland, baggy sweaters and a pair of unflattering pants. Greg realized that in the entire time he had known her, he could never recall seeing her in anything else.

Looking at Greg with an odd expression on her face, she hesitantly replied, "Umm....yes I did, thank you."

After a pause, "would you like some breakfast, Greg?" 

"Yes, that would be fine, Mrs. C," Greg replied, still looking intently at her.

As she turned and busied herself at the stove, Greg gathered his thoughts and tried to muster the courage to proceed with his plan, praying a silent prayer that it would work. When a few minutes had passed, he reached out and intentionally knocked over his glass of milk spilling it onto the floor by his feet.

Hearing the accident, Mrs. Clark spun around to see what had happened. Seeing that it was just a bit of spilt milk, she began to walk towards the closet to retrieve the mop. 

"No, Mrs. C., don't use that. Use this," Greg quickly replied holding up a dish towel he had conveniently placed on the table next to the milk.

Without even thinking about it, Mrs. Clark changed directions and walked over to the table to take the cloth from Greg's outstretched hands. If she hadn't had such a sleepless night last night, because her thoughts had been plagued with images from the stories and pictures, she probably would have thought it odd that Greg didn't clean up the mess himself. 

She dropped the cloth on the spilt milk and was going to use her foot to move it around, but Greg spoke up again. "No, Mrs. C. You should get down on your hands and knees to clean it up. It's the only way to make sure you do a good job," he said with a touch of authority in his voice.

Responding as if she was in a fog, Mrs. Clark slowly dropped to her knees at Greg's feet and began to, hesitantly, clean up the mess. Greg felt energized, having Stacey's mom kneeling at his feet cleaning up after him. He knew he had to proceed carefully from here or else he would risk blowing it all.

As she continued to work, Greg began in a conversational tone of voice, "you know Mrs. C., I was reading somewhere that a proper and decent woman wears a blouse and a skirt. You are a proper and decent woman aren't you, Mrs. C.?" Greg asked, again staring at her intently.

Sensing his intent gaze, and confused about the strange feelings running rampant through her, as she knelt at his feet, Mrs. Clark began to color slightly at the cheeks and could not look him in the eyes. Her thoughts were jumbled and she had a difficult time formulating a response. When she realized he expected her to answer, she finally managed to mumble, "Yes.......I guess so."

Sensing her confusion and weakness, Greg pressed the attack. "Well, if you are indeed a 'proper and decent woman', then shouldn't you also dress in that fashion?" he asked.

Head still bowed and turning a deeper red, Mrs. Clark stuttered, "well....I.....it's just......I.......I guess so."

"Well alright then. It's settled. Next time I see you, you should be dressed that way," Greg replied amicably, sensing a win. "I think you got it all cleaned up now Mrs. C. You can get up now."

Flushed deep red, Mrs. Clark rose on unsteady legs and walked back over to the stove, to continue cooking breakfast. For the rest of the meal, Greg acted as if nothing had happened and talked about various topics like school, sports, and local events. 

Once he had finished eating, he informed Mrs. Clark, "I'm going to head out to the school to shoot some hoops, but would like to drop by for supper, if that's alright with you?"

Having regained some of her composure, and feeling more at ease with the rest of the conversation she had with Greg, she readily replied, "certainly Greg. You know you are always welcome here."

"Thanks, Mrs. C. I gotta go now." Greg waved goodbye as he headed for the back door. As he stepped outside he took a deep breath to steady himself and prayed that the suggestion he had planted in her would take root and come to fruition later on.

*******************************

It was late in the afternoon and nearing suppertime, when Greg finally decided to head back for supper. He had sort of wandered aimlessly for most of the day, trying to waste as much time as he could, shooting hoops, hanging out at the mall, and heading down to the skate park, prior to heading back to the Clark's.

As he walked up the back steps, Greg's stomach was roiling with anxiety and fear, since he did not know what he was going to find when he walked into the house. The first thing he noticed was the smell of supper cooking in the oven. That was certainly a good sign. As he entered the kitchen he saw Mrs. Clark standing over the stove, stirring something in a pot. She was wearing a black skirt with a white blouse!!!

Greg was ecstatic. His suggestion to Mrs. Clark, this morning, had sunk in and she had complied. He could now see her figure much more clearly. It looked even better than he had imagined. Like Stacey, she had nice thin shapely legs and a beautifully curved ass. Her breasts were slightly larger than Stacey's, but looked just as firm. Greg could feel his cock beginning to stir in his pants as he imagined Mrs. Clark standing naked in front of him.

Since her back was to the door, Mrs. Clark had not heard Greg enter. After looking her up and down several more times, Greg cleared his throat and said nonchalantly, "hi Mrs. C."

Turning her head, Mrs. Clark smiled and replied, "Oh, hi Greg. You're just in time. Supper will be ready in 15 minutes. Stacey is just upstairs getting changed, if you want to have a seat for a few minutes."

As Greg sat at the table, he could see that it had already been set, and, fortunately, the milk was already on the table. Taking a deep breath, Greg filled his glass up and then casually knocked it over, once again spilling its contents onto the floor at his feet. "Oh my, I'm sorry Mrs. C, I did it again," he said with a wistful smile.

"Oh, that's alright Greg." She began to head toward the closet again, but then suddenly remembered the events of the morning, and abruptly turned around, grabbed the dishcloth from the handle of the stove, and walked over to the table. Slowly sinking to her knees, Mrs. Clark began to clean up the mess in the manner which she had been instructed this morning.

With a smile, Greg pulled out his digital camera and quickly, without her noticing, snapped off a shot of her kneeling at his feet cleaning up the mess. From his vantage point, he could see a hint of flesh through the opening of her shirt. He could see Mrs. Clark was uncomfortable and was having a difficult time meeting his gaze. 

"You know, Mrs. C, a decent and proper woman would not have so many buttons on her shirt done up. I think it best if you undo the top one," suggested Greg.

"Well......I.......don't think that's........" she stammered.

Cutting her off before she get any further in her protestations, Greg demanded "now Mrs. C. You do want to be a good role model for your daughter, don't you? You want to set a good example, right?"

"Well.......yes.......I suppose," she murmured, feeling a fog settle over her. A combination of the lack of sleep, and confusion over the strange feelings coursing through her body created confusion and uncertainty in her.

"Well, then quit arguing about it. If you delay any longer, then Stacey will be here and it will have to be 2 buttons undone," Greg replied authoritatively. He could sense her will breaking as she looked down at her shirt, and then, with shaking hands and red face, began to fumble with the top button of her blouse. Since she was distracted looking down at her button, Greg quickly snapped off another picture with his camera.

Once it was undone, Greg could see the cleft between the mounds of her breasts and the white lacy bra she was wearing much more clearly.

'There you go, Mrs. C. I think you got it all cleaned up. Thanks," he said quickly stashing the camera back into his front shirt pocket.

Again, with shaking legs, Mrs. Clark rose and went back to the stove to continue cooking the supper. Greg was very pleased with himself, since things were going exactly as he had planned. He couldn't believe his good fortune. In his mind, he had imagined everything going wrong, at every step, and never being able to reach the prize, at the end of the tunnel, but, now, it was almost within reach.

Almost as if on cue, Stacey walked into the kitchen moments later, bringing with her a magical scent of perfume and flowers. With a big smile she said "Hi Greg. Good to see you again. How was your day?"

"Oh, it's been pretty good. It's nice just to relax and not worry about school and stuff. How was yours?" he asked.

"Awesome. The mall was packed and there was a truckload of sales going on," she replied enthusiastically.

"Stacey, honey, supper will be ready in 10 minutes," Mrs. Clark interjected.
