 It was a normal birthday for me. The weather was wet and horrible, and I came home to an empty house. It was Friday, 5pm, and I knew my Mother would be home in a few minutes. Hopefully with the present I had asked for. A new digital camera. I had gotten interested in photography and cinematography a few months earlier, fascinated with capturing images of beauty in anything and everything.

Unfortunately, my Father was away on business for the whole week, so was going to miss my birthday. So, just me and my Mom alone for the evening. Not that I minded, it meant I could spend time with my new camera.

I was sitting on the couch for about five minutes when I heard the front door open, and my Mother's voice.

'Eeewwwwww, it's horrible out' she said as I heard the door swing shut behind her. 'Dan, are you home?'

'Yeah Mom, I'm in here' I answered.

She strode into the room, wearing her black skirt suit and white blouse, her heels knocking loudly on the wooden floors. She was holding something behind her back, and had a playful look on her face. She leaned over, kissed my cheek and said 'Happy birthday honey' and made a big show of pulling the camera box from behind her back. 'Tah-Dah'.

'Thanks Mom' I said 'It's just what I wanted'. I opened the box quickly and pulled it out. A top of the line digital camera, capable of recording video also. 

'So you like it?' She asked.

'It's perfect' I responded as I pulled it out and began to set it up to charge the battery. 'I can't wait to start playing with it. So, what's for dinner?'

We ordered pizza and had a nice chat while eating and unwinding. All the while my Mom was drinking her customary Friday night wine. When we were finished we returned to the living room, and I excitedly turned on the camera.

'This is so cool Mom' I said. 'Now all I need is some practice. Hey, you wanna be my first model?' I asked with a laugh as I clicked a pic of her sitting on the couch. 

Now let me describe my Mother. She is a normal Mom, with a very good job in the financial sector. Hence the business suits. She stands about 5'5 and has what would be called a nice figure, especially for a lady in her 40's. She has straight dark brown hair, cut to her shoulders, and also has deep brown eyes, in a pretty face with very full lips. She has a nice chest, with what I guess are D cups and her legs are slim and athletic from all the walking she does. She also wears nice black framed classes to finish her professional look. The picture I had just taken was of her right hand side as the sat, legs crossed, on the couch. The skirt just above her knees. When I saw the pic, I was amazed that she looked so hot. I had never considered her sexy. 

'Wow Mom, this picture is nice' I said as I showed it to her. 

She smiled and then giggled. 'You think so?'

'Hell yes' I answered. 'Hey, since we are bored and alone, let's get a few more pictures of you'

'Pictures of me?' She asked.

'Yeah, why not Mom. Stand up there and face the camera for a picture... please?'

'OH OK' she said, as she put her wine down and stood to face me. 'Now what?' She asked, with a little smile.

'Well, can you put your hands on your hips and smile for the camera?' I watched her through the camera as she smiled at first and the giggled a bit. I joined her in the giggles, but snapped a few pics too. 'That is nice Mom... can you slowly turn around now, keeping your hands on your hips and look back over your shoulder at the camera... keeping the pretty smile?'

My Mother did as I asked, slowly turning as I took pictures. When her back was to me, I was treated to a view of her very shapely arse in her black skirt and I could make out the straps of her white bra through her blouse. I distinctly remember this moment because, this is when I decided that I wanted to see her pose sexy for me. I wanted to see her sexy mature body, and to see how far I could persuade her to go. 

'How's that?' She asked while looking back at me.

'Perfect Mom. You look amazing there. Seriously, I think I could get some really great pictures of you now with this new camera.'

'Really??... Like what?'

'Well.. ehhhh, can you put your hands on the couch, bending at the waist and look back at the camera again??' I asked 'That would look awesome Mom....please?'

'Bent over??' She replied, slightly surprised.

'Yeah, it will look great Mom... come on, try it... it might be fun'

'OK, I guess it will be harmless.' She said as she began to bend over, the skirt tightening over her nice arse.

I felt my breath quicken as I watched her, snapping pics from a few angles. 'WOW Mom, you look gorgeous, your legs are incredible in those heels as you bend over', I knelt down behind her, 'Can you put one hand on your.. ehhhh... on your bum Mom while you look back.. like a real model??'

Slowly, looking unsure, she did as I asked. I snapped pics furiously as the level of unstated sexual energy began to grow in the room. 'That looks great Mom... amazing. Can you sit down now on the couch with your legs crossed???'

'OK, That sounds fine' she replied, as she sat and took a few sips of her wine. 

I took pictures all the time, the flash filling the room every few seconds. 'Can you lift the skirt Mom to show more of your lovely legs??'

'I'm not sure Dan, I am wearing stockings and lifting the skirt will show them' She said, her face showing a slight blush.

'Stockings??!! Really?? OH Mom, come on, now you have to show them to the camera... please... it's only stockings and your legs.. I have seen your legs loads of times'

'I'm not sure Dan, who will see these pictures?'

'Just us Mom, this is only for me to practice, and to try out the camera... it is our secret, I will give the pictures to you when we are finished... I promise'

Slowly she put the glass of wine down, and said with a little smile, 'OK... here goes, but we are being naughty'. Slowly she lifted the skirt, up over her tan stockings.. I kept clicking pictures.. the flash breaking the silence in the mood. Then, as I glimpsed her stocking tops, my heart sped up. She extended her top leg and held the pose for me.. showing a little sliver of flesh above the stocking top.

'God that looks so great Mom. Very professional looking. I bet I'm gonna be good at this photography stuff Mom. Can I get you to maybe do some more similar poses Mom??.. Like since we said this is our secret, and to help me practice... can you open a few buttons on your blouse to give the camera a glimpse of your bra... like a real magazine model.. teasing the camera??'

'What??.. No, I can't do that Dan' She said with a slightly nervous giggle.

'Come on Mom.. please, it's only for the pictures, and it's our secret... and it will be fun to see how sexy we can make the pics look... '

'Ohhhhh' she sighed and then exhaled loudly. 'You are a terrible young man Dan. OK, just a few pics' She said as she opened the top three buttons and I glimpsed her cleavage and the lace of her white bra.

'Mmmm, that is nice Mom. Very nice.. that bra looks gorgeous, very sexy' I snapped pics as I spoke, catching as much as I could on the camera. 'God, I bet a picture of you without the blouse would be amazing.. just in the bra.. like a lingerie model, only older, smarter and sexier. What do you think??.. can I get you to slip the blouse off for a quick picture or two.. please??'

Cutting me off she answered 'No way Dan, you can't see your Mother in just her bra'

'Why not Mom, I have seen you in a bikini plenty of times.. this is just the same. And right now you are my model to practice with, not my Mom... come on, aren't you curious to see how good you look in lingerie pictures??'

She took a large sip of wine, and then, looking me in the eyes, said 'I can't believe I'm doing this' as she opened her blouse and untucked it from her skirt. 'You make sure NOBODY sees these photos Dan.. OK??' 

'I... I promise Mom' I replied as I watched, my heart racing, and my mouth going dry with excitement. 'Can you.. ehhh.. can you stand up Mom'

Standing she slowly removed the blouse.. a slight grin on her blushing face. Exposing the white lace bra to the camera, her large tits framed perfectly in the lace cups, still holding a firm shape, but the real surprise was that the lace was partially see-through.. and her dark nipples were clearly visible as she posed. 'Well, how does your Mother look?' she asked, her voice a bit shaky. She was obviously nervous, but the atmosphere in the room was electric, the sexual energy building quickly.

My voice breaking a bit 'You.. You look incredible Mom... and that bra is sooo sexy.. can you.. ehhh, can you put your hands on your breasts, and push them together for a picture, making a sexy pout for the camera?'

'OH OK, I guess I could do that' She answered, her hands moving to her tits. She was awkward and unsure, but the pictures were good, her large tits pressed together, looking sexy and inviting.

'Amazing Mom.. you look like a real sexy model, and that lace bra... so hot. Out of curiosity, are you wearing panties that match that bra?'

'DAN!.. where did all this come from??' she asked, half incredulous and half amused. 'Well, if you must know, yes, I am wearing matching ... panties... or a thong to be precise' she added with what was a cheeky smile and a laugh.

I laughed too. 'A thong Mom??.. seriously?.. that is very hot. You know I want to photograph you in the bra and thong now, don't you??... please, the pictures would be very nice. and I bet it would be fun to see how sexy we can make you look...'

Draining her wine glass, 'Ohhh... OK, but this is as far as it goes mister', a half stern, half playful look on her face as she moved to unzip the back of the skirt.

'Can you turn around and do that Mom' I asked as I knelt down and watched through the camera.

'Alright, I guess so' she said, sighing in resignation as she turned her arse to face the camera. Pulling the skirt down. I know she did it slowly for me, and I got several pictures, but that moment when she exposed her arse in that thong is a blur in my memory. It fell to the ground and she stepped out of it. I was speechless, but was still taking pictures.. the flash covering her body with every one. She slowly turned to face me.. showing the front of her lace thong, and as with the bra, it was partially transparent. I could make out a tidy, small patch of brown hair. 

She eyed curiously and then followed my gaze to her panties and then realised what I was photographing. 'OH God.. No, Dan... I... I didn't know they were see-through' She covered her crotch with her hands.

'It's OK Mom, I don't mind' I said with a grin as I snapped her again. 'Besides, this is our secret, remember??... come on move your hands... please.. I already have a few pics of it anyway, and the bra is see through too.'

Her blush was deep, but I also felt the heat of the room rise. I could read barely contained sexual energy in her eyes. Was she beginning to enjoy this little posing session with her son. I know I was.

'OK, I guess you can take the pictures if you have them already' she replied, but I could sense her inner confliction and excitement in her voice as she placed her hands on her hips.

'Ehhh, great... eehhh, OK, can you stand with your hands behind your head.. holding your hair up??' She complied and I snapped a few pics. I decided to up the ante. Can I get you to do the bent over pose again on the couch Mom??... that would look so sexy...!'

'hmmmmmmmm' she groaned and rolled her eyes. 'You are being VERY naught son' she said. And when she used the word 'son' we both glanced at each other, and I felt an unspoken surge of erotic tension. However, she did assume the bent over pose... showing the camera her gorgeous ass. 

'Can you spread your feet a bit Mom??' Without speaking she opened her feet wider, God she looked sexy in those heels, stockings, thong and bra. 'My God that is hot Mom. Can you put a hand on your arse again, like you did before??' Again, without looking at me, she complied, slowly sliding her right hand onto her right arse-cheek. The flash filled the room several times, the click loudly breaking the silence. Jesus, she look sexy, my own Mother, who would have guessed it?. 

Feeling braver, and hoping the erotic charge in the air was affecting her too, I asked, 'Mom, can you ehhhh... can you slip a finger back between your arse cheeks??..please.. like a sexy model.. teasing the camera?'

Sharply she looked back at me, with a stern look, but at the same time her right hand moved over her arse... slipping down between the cheeks, her middle finger lodging over what I expected was her pussy hole or just above it. My cock jumped in my jeans. I knelt down, close and took a few close ups... and noticed a slight dark spot on the thong, where her pussy was. Was she getting wet??. 

I got braver still. 'You know Mom... since the bra is so transparent, you could just take it off for a few topless pictures... I bet you would make an amazing topless model...'

She stood up straight quickly, removing her hand from her ass, and looked over her shoulder at me. She was thinking, contemplating. 'OK, but after we look at these pictures, we delete them... OK??.. and this is our secret. No one can know.' 

'Of course Mom, I wouldn't tell a soul, I promise' My stomach was giving me that falling feeling, my cock rock hard. She reached back and opened the bra, and let it fall off her perfect tits, her hands covering the nipples.

'The things I do for you on your birthday' she said with a nervous smile as she turned to face me and moved her hands to expose the gorgeous tits. Her nipples were dark red, not too big, but more importantly, they were hard. She was getting hot. Could I press her to the next level.

'You know Mom, these pictures are going to look great, you are a very sexy model, but I bet we could make an amazing set of pics here, if we took it further.' I swallowed hard, preparing myself for the next suggestion. 'I could get into the pics too, we could put the camera on automatic, and we could pretend to be doing stuff, for the camera. Just pretend. Like a sexy older lady and a very lucky youngster. Nothing real just acting, and it might be fun to try and make it look as real as possible too.. what do you think, wanna try a few pics like that??' I held my breath.

'I don't know... what do you mean pretend to do stuff, like what kind of stuff.' she asked.

'OK, let me set up and we can try a few and see what happens.' I put the camera on the TV stand and quickly stripped to my underwear. Let me tell you, stripping while your topless Mother is watching you speechlessly is a strange experience.

'I'm not sure about this Dan' 

'It will be fun, just relax, and let's try to make it all look as good as possible. Now, I'm setting the camera to automatically snap a pic every ten seconds, so we need to be in the pose every ten seconds, OK? Now let's do the standard... ehhhh... you know... blowjob pic.. but it's just pretend, can you kneel down on the rug Mom'. 

Slowly she knelt down, with a quizzical look on her face 'How do we 'pretend' this?' she asked, with a little bit of nervous amusement in her voice. 

'Well, I stand in front of you, and I hold my... ehhh... you know.. towards your face, not touching, and you hold your mouth open, looking, you know ... sexy... like it is about to go into your mouth, see, just pretend.' I pulled m y boxer shorts off and for the first time exposed my thick eight inch hard on. I glanced at my Mother, she was staring at it, with a blush on her face. I turned on the automatic camera, and walked to where she knelt. 'OK Mom, open your mouth maybe with your tongue out too and look at the camera. We have about five seconds left'. I pointed my fat cockhead at her mouth, my heart pounding in my chest, she looked at the camera and opened her mouth, tongue out..

*Flash*

'That was great Mom' I said, 'OK, let's try again, can you hold your ..ehhhh... tits this time... same pose???'.

Looking me in the eyes, she held her tits and said, 'OK'. Her eyes held some lust, and I felt my cock jump.

*Flash*

'Jesus, that looked good, OK, do you think we can get one quick one where you are holding my... ehhh... my,.. cock?? near your mouth??.. just to make it look real??'

'Dan, I'm not sure, that is touching' she said, her eyes on my cock inches from her face.

'It's just pretend for the camera Mom, acting, please.... quick it's about to take the pic'

She quickly grabbed my hard on and held it near her mouth. The sudden feeling of her hand sent a shock through my whole body, and the heat of her breath on my cock was amazing.

*Flash*

'Perfect Mom' I gasped ' can you, eh... maybe touch the tip of it with your tongue for a second... just a quick lick for the camera???..' I asked looking down at her, and the large pearl of pre-cum on my cock head.

Frowning she looked me in the eye, but then, without saying anything, pushed her tongue out and let it touch my cock head, the pre-cum spilling and spreading on her tongue. My legs felt weak.

*Flash*

Quickly she pulled her tongue away, but the pre-cum trail followed, Finally breaking and landing on her chin and one drop on her right tit. It took all my strength not to moan in pleasure.

'You are by far the sexiest lady or model I have ever seen Mom' I said, looking down at her. Her hand still holding my cock. 

*Flash*

'Damn, we missed that one' she said, 'are we finished?'

'Well, do you think we could get a very quick one of you ... ehhh... with it... ehhh.. with the tip, the head, in your mouth?? That would make it look more realistic, like a proper action shot!'

'You want your Mother to put your.... cock, in her mouth??' She asked looking at me, still holding my hard on. Hearing her say 'cock' made my head spin, I loved it. And I felt that her saying such a nasty thing out loud excited her also.

'It's just for the pictures Mom' 

*Flash*

'What do you say Mom??... on the next one??'

'Well, I guess we have come this far' she replied, and looking me deep in the eyes, she took my fat cock head into her warm wet mouth. I had never had a blowjob before, and the feeling was mind-blowing. She held her head steady, not sucking or licking, and it took all my strength to not grab her head and face fuck her. Five beautiful seconds passed, then...

*Flash*

She pulled me from her mouth, but did it slowly. 'There, was that OK mister photographer?' she asked with a grin as she removed her grip on my rock hard cock.

I was breathing hard. 'That was the sexiest looking picture I have ever seen Mom' I said. 'Can you stand up now, I would like to get some different ones??'. Slowly she stood, her firm tits level with my chest..'Can you assume the bent over pose again Mom?? I would like to slowly remove your panties from behind for the camera??.. and since I am totally naked, it would only be fair.'

Looking me in the eyes, lust burning, but neither of us wanting to destroy the charade of this only being about the pictures, she said, 'OK, I guess it is only fair' and she quickly assumed the position with her hands on the couch, her feet in the heels spread apart and bent over her arse sticking out. She was looking back at me.

*Flash*

'O...OK Mom... I'm gonna kneel behind you now and slowly peel the thong off'. Kneeling as I said it. I rubbed a hand up over each cheek, slowly as I reached for the waistband of the thong. Slipping a finger under each side...

*Flash*

I started to pull the thong down over her sexy arse. Her head was looking down. 'Look at the camera Mom, try to look slutty'. The thong slipped from her arse-crack, exposing first her little arsehole, then the pink glory of her pussy, with it's light covering of sexy brown hair.

*Flash*
