 Note: This is a very true account of the sexual life my mom and I have. Nothing is made up, all is what really happened. We live in the Houston Texas area and are looking for others that would like to talk with us or even play with me. Only the serious need to reply.

* * * * *

First off, this all started for she and I one day a few years ago. She is just an average woman with average looks. But sure does like what I can do for her. I no longer live in her home, but I do get over there from time to time. My father is out of the picture. He did not die or leave us for another, he just was not happy in the marriage and neither was my mom. Guess it all worked out for the best though.

All this started out a few years back when I would allow my mother to come over to my place to use my computer. She is not too computer savvy so what she was looking at stayed in my computer history and she did not know that. She does not have a computer at home and would ask me if she could come over to look up things on the net. Stuff like women’s issues and cooking items as well as Internet auctions.

It all started out simple enough, she would come over when I was at work and do her thing and find things she was looking for. One day I decided to see for myself what she was actually looking at. I checked my history file and saw the regular average site, but one day I did find that she was looking a XXX sites. Nothing too hardcore, but hardcore enough to get a woman excited. Made me wonder if she sat in my chair and masturbated herself as she looked at them.

After a few weeks she was coming over quite a lot and the regular sites were decreasing in the history file and the adult sites increased. Just wished I had a video camera, would love to set it up and see for myself what she was up to. I have always had the urge to have sex with her. I have seen her nude in the past and she did not look too bad. Had so many jerk off sessions to that image.

One day I was checking the files and I was surprised to see a few incest sites. Turns out she was clicking on the sections that would feature mother/son stories and pics. I was quite shocked at first, but very happy. It was at that point where I knew my mother was maybe as interested in incest as I was. Over the next two weeks the incest sites were the only ones that showed up in the history file. Since she had no idea they were being saved in the history file she could not know I knew what she was looking at.

The next week I paid a visit to my mom to have dinner with her and watch some movies. The entire time we ate and watched movies the thought of her playing with herself at my home was really getting me turned on. I wanted to make a move but did not know how she would feel about it. While watching the movies she said that she had a craving for some ice cream and said that she was going to run to the store to get some. 

While she was gone I decided to take it upon myself to have a look around her bedroom and to se if I could find anything. After searching thru her dresser drawers I found a few dildo’s and by the way they smelled, she had used them recently. While I was searching more I cam across her diary. She had kept a diary since she was younger, not this same one, but just to let you know, she was the type that likes to write things out. As I was flipping thru the pages I found out that she was thinking about how it would feel to make love to me. She would talk about how long it had been since she had made love to anyone and spent most of her time masturbating with her dildo’s with thoughts of me. She made comments about how wrong it was and that she could never make the first advance. But from all that she said, she was in very bad need to have me fuck her. So, I decided to be the one to make the move.

I put everything back the way it was and went to make some mixed drinks for us to drink while we watched the movies. I was nervous as hell, so this would help me out. She finally got back and was surprised to see that I had made some drink, but she was glad. Just the way she looked at me turned me on so much. Now that I knew how bad she wanted to feel my cock in her, which turned me on even more.

We ate some ice cream while we watched the movies and had a few drinks. I was starting to feel a really good buzz by that time and felt that if I was going to make my move I better do it now. I asked her if I could lay out on the couch with my head in her lap and she said it was ok. Just to let you know, she was wearing a T-shirt and loose fitting shorts. She had her hand on my back and my head was right in her lap. While watching the movie she told me how good the drinks were and that they were starting to take effect on her. That was when I decided to make my move. I took my hands and began to rub her legs, telling her how nice they felt. I guess since she was so buzzed, she really did not mind me being so forward. She said it felt good. So, slowly I would rub higher and higher until I got up near her inner thighs. Once there her hand was beginning to rub back.

She must have been very buzzed because I then slide my finger up her shorts and started to rub her pussy thru her panties. She seems to like it because she started to squirm a bit. Just then she pushed me off and kinda got a bit mad and asked what I thought I was doing. I thought I ruined it right there, but I told her I could not help myself. I did say I was sorry and sat up. She was okay with that, but it seemed she was a bit uneasy about the whole thing. So, we just sat near each other and watch TV. I was still very horny and my cock was hard as steel at that point. I did catch her checking out my crotch every now and then. Really could not miss it, since my shorts wear quite loose as well and I do sport right at 8” of mother loving cock.

Right then I just had to say it. I looked at her and told her I noticed on my computer that she had been looking at incest sites and I told her I looked at her diary. She seemed quite shocked, but not as shocked as I thought she was going to be. She said she was just curious about it and the writings in her diary were not what she really thought. But I knew better. I told her that I had thought of having sex with her for such a long time. She tried to change the subject, but I would not let her. Right then I just pulled my cock out to show her just how hot I was for her. Her eyes lit up and I could tell she liked what she saw. She told me to put it away, that it was wrong. But I just sat there stroking my cock and telling her how much I wanted to fuck her. 

She was starting to come around a bit and I could see her breathing had increased and her nipples were hard. I grabbed her hand and moved it towards my cock, but she resisted a but. I did manage to get her hand around my cock and at that moment she seemed to relax a bit. She kept telling me it was wrong, but at the same time she could not take her eyes off my cock and kept stroking it. I told her it was okay, that I loved her very much and she should release the feelings she has inside. Right then she just dove on my cock and took it in her mouth and started sucking it like it was going to be the last one she would ever get. I think I released a monster in her.

She stopped long enough to say that she still feels this is a bit wrong, but it was so right. She said she had always wanted to do this. With that said she went right back to sucking my cock. Never in my life has a woman sucked as well as she did right then. It was like an animal thirsting for water it had not had in years. Being so turned on I was getting so close to cumming and I told her I was about to cum, she did not stop, but sucked even harder and faster. The point of no return cam and I unloaded the biggest load of cum I ever had, right into her mouth. She gagged a bit at first and some cum flowed out of her mouth. But she did manage to swallow it all and even licked up the cum that had spilled out. She then told me that my father never came in her mouth and she sure loved the way I tasted.

She was still very hot and horny and told me flat out that she need my big cock in her. It did not take long for me to get hard. She helped by stroking me and telling me all about how she would fuck herself with her dildo thinking of me. In no time at all I was hard and ready to fuck her. The look in her eyes told me she had not had sex in a very long time. She got up and had her clothes off in a matter of minutes. She laid on the couch, spread her legs and told em to cum fuck the hell out of her. She also said that when I get ready to cum, to just blow it all in her pussy because she wanted to feel it bursting in her.

Her pussy was so wet and it smelled so good, I did have to get down and lick and suck on her for a bit. I had waited so long to do that. I licked her pussy for about 10 minutes and she came once and then begged me to fuck her. This was a totally new woman to me now, but she was so hot. I got up on her and rubbed my cock on her lips and slowly slid it in inch by inch. She was moaning the whole time. Talk about a tight pussy, she was fucking tight as hell. I guess I was going to slow for her and she reached up and pulled me into her fast. She had another orgasm right there by doing that. I continued to fuck her faster and faster and she kept having orgasm after orgasm. Guess she was saving them all up as I have never seen a woman cum so many times so fast.

She then told em she wanted to be on top. I wanted that as well. I flipped over and she mounted me, the whole time moaning and telling me she had never had a cock as big as mine, but she was loving it more and more. I thought she was wild when she was sucking my cock, but my mom went into overdrive when she was on top of me. She was thrusting herself down on me with all the force she had and telling me about how good it felt and how she loved fucking her own son. She even said she wished she had done this years ago and about all the night that were wasted on her toys when she could have had my cock. I was in heaven as well as getting closer to cumming again. I told her I was about to cum and she started talking even nastier, some words that came out of her mouth I have never heard her say before, but it sure turned me on.

Finally, I busted a nut in her and it felt better than the first time. She kept moaning and groaning while my cum shot in her. The entire time telling me how good it felt and how much she needed that. When I was finally done, she got off and cleaned my cock of my cum and her juices and even scooped cum out of her pussy and licked her fingers clean. We ended up fucking a few more time that night as well as the days after that.

We have no regrets about it and we both still see other people. But, we still get together whenever we can to relive our first night together. She really enjoys for me to meet with older woman and fuck them and have me come back to tell her all about it. Hell, she just likes to hear all my stories when I visit her. It gets her all worked up and we have some good sex after that. I would very much like to hear from those that like this first encounter my mom and I had. If you live around the Houston area, please drop me a note. Maybe we can get together to give me something to tell my mom. I will have more submissions later. Going to have my mom sit here and write some as well.