 When my roommate left for a new job on the other side of the country, I started looking for a replacement. What I found was way beyond my expectations.

I had a great apartment in Somerville, just outside of Boston. It was the second floor of a two family with two bedrooms, decent living room and kitchen, a full bath, off-street parking and a porch overlooking a small park. The rent was steep and I didn't want to move, so I put an ad on Craig's list. A lot of replies I discounted because they had pets, were smokers or just sounded way too weird. I was about to give up when I saw Megan's response. I never considered a female roomie, but wasn't opposed to it either.

I set up a time for her to come and see the place. She was prompt and I opened the door to see a tall, beautiful red-head. I'm six-four and she was only a couple inches shorter. She had shoulder length wavy hair, a trim figure and a great smile.

She said her roomie was getting married and would be taking over the whole apartment where they lived. She worked as a nurse in Boston and my location would be an easy commute. 

I showed her around, collected a couple references and told her I'd call her. Her references were all positive, so I called her and told her I'd be looking forward to her as my new roomie.

I had some misgivings sharing with a girl. I always had guy roomies. I wondered if it would be awkward. What if I brought a girl home? I laughed and said slim chance of that with my recent dating history. What if she brought guys home? Well, I wasn't her father, so what the hell.

Megan moved in the first weekend in May. She didn't have much to bring. Her old roomie and her fiancé carted in a twin bed, beat up dresser, one bean bag chair, boxes of books and clothes. They got her settled and left. Megan spent the rest of the day settling in.

Around six I offered to get some pizza and beer and she readily accepted. Later as we sat in the living room we began to fill each other in on backgrounds. I'm a writer and she looked dubious. I assured her it's a regular job with a paycheck. I work for a high tech firm writing manuals, spec sheets, a newsletter and other stuff. She's an ER nurse and said she had strange hours. She might work three twelve hour shifts in a row and then be off for three or four days.

Megan was easy to talk to and easy to look at. I hoped I could adjust to having a beautiful woman living in my apartment.

We settled into a simple routine. I was usually up and out by 7:30. On the days Megan worked, she had to be at the hospital by 7:00, so we didn't see too much of each other. On her days off, we usually had dinner together and started becoming good friends.

Living with a woman caused some adjustments. I was pretty much a boxers or less around the house guy. Often, I wouldn't wear anything to go to the bathroom for a shower and I never wore clothes to bed. Now, I started wearing shorts and a t-shirt and being discreet about closing the bathroom door and other things so as not to seem like a jerk.

After about a month, the weather turned warm. The apartment had no air conditioning, so we tried to keep cool by a couple window fans, open windows and by not wearing a lot of extra clothes.

I couldn't help but admire Megan's figure. In running shorts, her favorite bottom, her long legs were nothing short of awesome. She favored tank tops that outlined nice but not large breasts and showed a flat and tight tummy. Her ass was phenomenal in her shorts, jeans or almost anything she wore.

We both enjoyed running and would often take a three mile run in the evenings. One night it was really hot and humid and we returned drenched. I said she could take her shower first and after mine we could hit an air conditioned neighborhood bar.

I had just finished a tall glass of water and was headed to my room, when Megan came out of the bath. She held a towel in front of her and we almost ran into each other. We apologized and she turned to head into her run. Her back was completely exposed. I looked at her ass and blurted out, "Holy shit."

She looked over her shoulder said, "Oops. Sorry." She dashed into her room and closed the door. I went into the bath and stripped off my wet running clothes, struggling to get my shorts over my erection that popped up the second I saw that perfect butt. 

Now I love women and don't have any dominant fetish about any one part. All parts appeal to me. But, Megan did have the best ass I had ever seen in clothes. Now, seeing it naked and moving, it literally took my breath away. I'd put it right up with Nicole Kidman. It was tight, round and luscious. My hand strayed to the rod sticking out and, after a few minutes of attention, brought the release I needed.

I dried, dressed and Megan and I walked the few blocks to a bar. The cool interior was a relief as were the tall draft Sam Adams we had.

We sat at the bar and paid a little attention to the Red Sox game on the tube, but mostly drank, ate bar peanuts and didn't talk. That was unusual for us, because we talked to each other all the time.

Finally I broke the ice, "Megan, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have...well, I mean, I didn't expect to see your...what I'm trying to say is I hardly saw anything, honest."

Megan had a great smile that lit up her entire face, and she turned it on full blast. "Jake, you said 'Holy shit'. So I gotta imagine you saw my ass."

"Sorry, Meg. I was just surprised."

"Yeah," she answered as she sipped her beer. "You know I've been thinking about this sort of thing and have come to the understanding that living with the opposite sex roomie has its challenges."

"Challenges?" I asked.

She nodded and said,"Let me ask you something and promise to answer honestly. Before I was here, what did you wear around the apartment?"

"Boxers," I said and then smiled and added, "or less."

"Exactly," Megan said. "Now you're wearing shorts or pants all the time. Now, me, I am sort of a let it all hang out girl. My old roomie was a nurse too and we worked a lot of the same shifts. We'd get home and feel really grubby from being around sick and hurt people. So, we'd just about get in the door and we were stripping. We'd throw our stuff in a big hamper and walk around bare-assed drinking wine or beer until we each had our showers. Most days, it was just bikini bottoms around the house—at the most. When her fiancé moved in, we discussed it and said we weren't going to alter our habits. I can guarantee you he never complained." The last bit she offered with a grin.

I didn't know where this conversation was going so I did what most guys do, kept my mouth shut and drank beer.

"So," Megan continued, "as I said I've been thinking about it. I think I have an idea that will help."

"What?" I asked.

"Tell you when we get home," she said and ordered us two more beers.

At least this conversation broke the ice and we started chatting normally. We ended up splitting a burger and fries at the bar and had two more beers.

Arriving back in the apartment, Megan excused herself to go pee. I was sitting on the couch watching the end of the Red Sox when she came back in. 

"So, do you want to hear my idea?"

"Sure."

"I say we just get it over with and then we can relax."

"Get what over with?"

"Being afraid one of us is going to see the other person naked or be seen partially naked or whatever. Or worse, imagining what the other person looks like naked. We need to get rid of the big curiosity factor."

"Megan, I haven't been trying to spy on you if that's what you mean."

"No, I'm not saying that, Jake. But, let's be honest. I see you looking at me sometimes when I have that old tank top and my nipples are poking out. Hey, I'm not pissed, but just saying that's natural. I'm a girl, you're a guy and we get curious."

"Meg, I'm really embarrassed. I don't want you to think I'm like mentally undressing you all the time. Ok, I will admit that one tank top is provocative, but I didn't think I was that obvious."

Megan laughed and her laugh was one of the sweetest sounds I ever heard. "You weren't that obvious, but I knew you were looking. And, true confessions, I was flattered. Besides, after the first time, I could've chosen not to wear that again. So, I guess I was being a bit of a tease."

She continued, "So we can agree there is some curiosity and that each of us has had to adapt to living with the opposite sex. I think it's stupid, so let's get it over with."

I still did not get it. "Megan, I don't want to appear to be stupid, but what are you talking about?"

Again the brilliant smile, "What I'm talking about, Jake, is that right now, right here in our living room, we strip off. We get buck naked and let the other person see it all. No more secrets, no more sneak peeks. Let it all hang out and then we can get back to living the way we want."

"So, you're saying we undress in front of each other?"

"Jake, that's exactly what I'm saying. So, stand up and let's do it."

I felt as if I were moving in a dream, but I stood. Facing each other, I pulled my polo shirt over my head and dropped it on the floor. Megan removed her t-shirt exposing a sports bra. She then dropped her shorts to reveal a pair of pink bikini bottoms. I undid my belt, praying that I would not get a hard-on and embarrass myself to death.

Megan looked at my boxers that were decorated with Patriot's logos and just shook her head.

In a fluid motion she pulled her bra over her head and without hesitation bent and tugged her panties to the floor, kicking them free with her foot. I stared at the magnificent naked body in front of me.

I was brought back to reality with a pronounced, "Ahem" from Megan. 

I realized I still had my boxers on. I slowly slid them off and straightened to face her. She did not hesitate to look me up and down, spending some time on my crotch. She motioned with her finger and I turned my back to her.

"Holy shit," she exclaimed. We both burst out laughing at her imitation of me. I turned back to face her. She raised her hand and we high-fived. 

I once again took in her body. Her breasts were on the small side, but stood out proudly from her chest. She had almost no areoles topped by dark, tiny nipples that appeared to be erect. Her tummy was flat and tight. She had a belly button ring that made her navel stand out. Her pussy was the same shade as her hair, a mixture of reds and strawberry blond. She slightly trimmed the side and the top, but the rest was a wondrous jungle of tufts, curls and color.

Her breasts and crotch were lily white as opposed to the fair complexion of the rest of her body. I knew she would never tan, but there was a nice contrast between her sex parts and the rest of her body. 

She watched me looking and then turned to give me a full view of the fantastic ass I glimpsed just a few hours ago. I now saw each cheek had a delicate dimple. Her back and legs were muscled but smooth.

I was using every ounce of willpower to keep my dick from getting hard.

"So, there," she said. "We've each seen it all."

"What now," I asked? "What are the rules?"

Megan smiled and said, "Simple. No rules. If either of us doesn't want to wear clothes, then we don't. If we do, we do. No hassle, no pressure, and best of all, no wondering. Deal?"

It didn't take me long to figure that the deal would mean I probably would be looking at one of the best bodies I had ever seen and so said "Deal."

Megan extended her hand and we shook.

"Now, I'm going to bed. I've got to be in early. 'Night, Jake."

"'Night, Meg."

As I lay trying to get to sleep, I kept replaying the scene of her stripping and the view of her naked body. My dick rose to the occasion this time and my hand helped relieve the tension it was carrying.

I didn't see Megan for three days. I had two night meetings and went to a Red Sox game with some buddies. The next time I saw her was Saturday morning.

I woke around 8 and had to pee. I started to pull on my boxers and then thought, maybe I don't need them. Then, I thought maybe Megan had second thoughts or really didn't want me to actually walk around the apartment swinging in the breeze. I covered my bets by picking up my boxers, but not putting them on. I figured I could just hold them in front of me if I ran into Megan and she seemed shocked.

I opened my bedroom door and noticed Megan's door was open. I headed to the bathroom and heard her call out, "'Morning."

I turned to see her walking my way with a mug of coffee in one hand and the Globe in the other. She wore tiny blue bikinis and nothing else. 

I slid my boxers in front of me and said good morning and motioned to the bathroom.

She nodded and then said, "What's with the boxers?"

"Uh, I, well, I was just carrying them in case, you know, that maybe being naked wasn't..."

"Jake, I thought we covered that. Go balls out all the time. It's cool. I don't mind. Hell, it's nice to see a tight bod. And, in case you are wondering, I think you have a good dick and great ass. Very good, actually. Ok? So, chill."

I grinned and tossed the boxers back into my room. From that moment on, it was very casual in our apartment.

Boston was in the midst of one of the worst heat waves in our history. Both Megan and I appreciated being able to strip off and cool down. On the evenings she was home, we settled into a little routine. We'd have a light supper of salad and white wine, put a fan in front of the couch, turn off the lights and watch a ball game or pick a movie to watch, or sit on our porch, all while being nude or sometimes Megan wore tiny bikini panties. 

We alternated movie selection. One night it might be a chick-flic romance for her and the next a shoot-em-up or spy one for me. Neither complained about the other's choice and we each loved making caustic comments about the inane plots of any of the genres. When watching baseball, we'd comment on the players, which ones were good guys and which were assholes. Megan asked why guys kept pulling at their crotches. I tried to explain adjusting the boys, but she felt they could do that in the dugout and not on the field. All in all, we soon hardly took notice of our nudity—well, actually I always noticed her body, but I certainly didn't complain.

One particularly hot evening, we were watching a Sox game. We were both damp with sweat and finally Megan said, "I need something really cool to drink."

I said how about frozen Margaritas.

We agreed and both headed to the kitchen. Megan said she'd get the blender and I pulled out the booze and dug in the fridge for limes. I was turning to get a knife to slice the limes just as Megan was backing up from retrieving the blender from under the counter. She was still bent over and her butt was sticking up in the air. I turned and she moved back and suddenly my dick was right between her ass cheeks. 

She yelled, "Whoa!" and I stumbled back. My embarrassment went off the chart when I immediately got hard from this unexpected contact. 

"Jake, what the..." Megan stopped in mid-sentence as she turned and saw my erection.

"Oh, boy," she said softly.

"Sorry, Meg, that was totally an accident."

She looked directly at my erect member and said, "And, that is the result of this accident?"

I smiled dopily and said, "You know they have a mind of their own. Sorry, I'll go put some clothes on."

"No," Megan commanded. "Actually, this is sort of the last barrier of curiosity. I admit I wondered what your dick looked like hard. So, now I know."

We both looked down at my erection, and, honestly, without me doing anything, it bounced.

We laughed and Megan said, "Well, hell-o to you, too."

We made our drinks and went back to the couch. I was back to almost normal. We sipped in silence for a while.

"Jake, are you Ok?"

"A little embarrassed, but, yeah, I'm Ok."

"Well, I was wondering about this. I mean I know we say being naked around each other is cool, but you never got a hard-on. I've been around guys, and usually it happens a lot. God, my ex-roommate's fiancé had a woodie half the time we were there. I think he was proud of it and I also think he was hoping that Carol and I would team up and take care of it. Never happened, I assure you. But, you've been pretty tame."

"Well, I've been concentrating a lot to keep it down. And, if I had one, I stayed in my room until, well, let's say it went away. Many times in the morning I have one, but just hang in my room 'til it goes away. I didn't want you to think I was a perv and imagining you in a sexual way.'

"Jeez, Jake, don't work yourself up. We are friends and I'd like to think we are very good friends. I don't think we are going to screw each other by mistake, but that doesn't mean we don't have sexual thoughts. I like looking at you naked. I think you have a really, really attractive dick and I especially like seeing it as it swings when you walk. It's certainly not tiny, I say that because I hear you guys are hung up on size, but it's not grotesquely big. I think your ass is fab. And, you have a great set of balls. So, yeah, I think sexually. It's normal."

"God, I wish you didn't say all that," I moaned.

"Why, did I offend you?"

"No," I said and looked down at my crotch. Megan followed my eyes to see a hard and upright dick.

"My bad," she said giggling.

"I've think you've unleashed the devil. Now that he knows you're not offended, he's going to be popping up all the time."

"No prob, Jake. He's always welcome" she said as she lightly touched the top of my naked thigh.

She offered her glass and we clinked rims and drank. 

"How about you and your man-spear get us a couple refills, while I just enjoy the view."

I was amazed at how fast I was loosing my concern about parading around aroused. I returned with her drink and she asked me to stand there. She looked intently at my erection, which did nothing to ease its hardness.

"That's very attractive, Jake. I still marvel at how hard a guy's dick can get. Thanks for letting me stare."

I raised my glass and we toasted silently.

After that night, Megan stopped wearing her bikini briefs even occasionally. She was always nude when we were in the apartment. It was now mid-August and a weekend when both of us were off work. I stumbled out of bed with major morning wood and went in search for coffee. Megan was in the kitchen making a pot. She had on black undies. 

She turned and noticed my erection and said, "good morning my fine hard friend. It's always good to see you."

I shrugged and said, "Morning wood. As soon as it goes down, I'll pee. By the way, what's with the panties?"

Megan blushed, turning her white breasts a pretty shade of pink.

"Got a little visitor."

"Huh, someone's here?" I panicked thinking she might have a guy over and I didn't want to be caught in this condition.

Megan laughed, "No, stupid, I've got my period."

Now it was my turn to blush and I am sure I was scarlet from head to toe. "Sorry. It's just that I never noticed before."

"That's because my last two happened while I was working."

Talking about this feminine stuff made me go soft enough to be able to pee, so I excused myself.

Back in the kitchen I poured a mug and joined Meg at our small table.

"You know, I don't think I've ever talked about a girl's period before. Doing it would be weird, but not as weird as sitting here naked talking about a girl's period."

Laughing Megan assured me it was Ok. 

"Jake, I think we can talk about anything. I don't believe I've ever been as comfortable with any guy or practically any girlfriend as I am with you. You're a great friend."

I agreed and offered a coffee mug toast.

We decided to take a long bike ride out to Walden Pond. It was a great trip and we got home late afternoon, totally drenched from the exercise. Megan offered me the first shower. As I was drying, she nudged me aside with a hand on my butt and jumped in. 
