 I received this story a few years ago and felt that it should be posted on lit. It always arroused me...

I remember my mom's friend Beth used to come over twice a week and give mom a massage. After that mom would give her a massage. They both undressed for the massage, but covered their buttocks with a towel. I used to come and go as I pleased and they seemed to think nothing of an eleven year old seeing them partially nude. Some days I would sit and watch as they massaged each other from head to feet. When I was just turned eightteen, I used to watch more frequently. I was becoming much more curious about their bodies and every once in a while, I would catch a glimpse of mom's nipples as she shifted positions. 

I remember one day that Beth got a little careless and I saw her full black bush as she got up to dress. She quickly covered with a robe. A few months after I turned eighteen, Beth left town. Mom began complaining that she missed her massages. She had aches and pains when she got home from work. I got the idea that I may be able to take Beth's place and may even get to see my mother's body up close. 

I was surprised when I approached mom one afternoon when she got home from work and offered to give her a massage. She readily agreed and told me to set up the table while she changed. A few minutes later she returned with her robe on and two towels. She turned her back to me and wrapped one around her waist. She then laid face down on the table with her arms at her sides. I hardly got a glimpse at her breasts. I began rubbing her head as I'd seen Beth do and over several minutes moved down her back to just above the towel. Mom said that I was a good learner and gave a great massage. I then went to the bottom of the table and began rubbing her feet. Her legs were together, so when I tried to look up between her legs, I couldn't see anything. When I finished her feet, mom was really relaxed. I moved up her calves and gently moved her legs a little more open. She gave no resistence. 

I paid particular attention to the back of her knees. I had heard her say she liked that several times. This time was no exception. She said, "That feels wonderful. You're really a natural at this, son." I then moved to her thighs. I began kneeding her ample thighs one at a time, stopping just below the towel. I then began massaging both thighs, placing my fingers between them so that, as I squeezed, her thighs opened. I was rewarded with a good view of her pubic hair, but her legs were still close together and I couldn't see much. Still, for a horny eightteen year old, that was exciting. After a few minutes, mom thanked me and reached for her robe and covered herself quickly so that all I saw was her bare back. 

Over the next couple of days, I thought a lot about my mother's body. I sat the massage table up and when mom arrived home, I told her I was ready to give her another massage. She smiled and said she would be right out. Again she returned and with due modesty stretched out on the table. Mom seemed more relaxed this time. After I finished her arms and back, I proceded to her feet. I noticed that her legs were parted more and she wasn't as tense. As I glanced up under the towel, I could see swirls of her light brown pubic hair at the vee of her legs. I took my time on her feet and calves. As I rubbed the back of her knees, I gently pressed her legs apart. 

She didn't seem to realize what I was doing. This time my kneeding of her thighs exposed her pubic area! I actually got a good close look at her lips protruding from her beautiful cunt. I became bolder and moved my hands higher to the level of the towel. My probing fingers were no more than six inches from her cunt. Mom suddenly realized that she was exposed and quickly closed her legs. She thanked me, saying that she had had enough. Again she managed to get off the table without exposing herself any more. I was afraid that I'd ruined my chances at seeing more of her body, but a couple of days later, mom asked me if I would mind giving her a massage. 

I gladly agreed. I was much less aggressive and over the next couple of months, I massaged her two to three times a week and was rewarded with frequent close up views of mom's beautiful cunt. She also seemed much more relaxed about covering herself before and after her massage. I was careful not to stare, but I got several good looks at her nice breasts with their dark brown nipples. 

One afternoon she came into the room and casually laid a towel over the table. She then removed her robe and, without any effort to cover her breasts, got onto the table and lay on her stomach. She then reached down and loosened the towel around her hips and positioned it over her buttocks the same as she did when Beth gave her a massage. Fortunately, my waist was below the table, because my hard on was pressing strongly against my shorts. When I finished her back, she asked me to massage her buttocks through the towel. I kneeded her cheeks for about five minutes before she asked me to move to her feet. Her legs were opened considerably more than they had been ever in the past. I really took my time on her feet and calves. I was enjoying an unobstructed view of her bush. 

As I worked her thighs, I noticed that her cunt lips protruded more and they were very moist. As I squeezed her upper thighs, I noticed that the closer I got to her pubic area the more the flesh of her pussy moved with my kneading. I reached under the towel and began massaging mom's buttocks again. This time my thumbs were between her cheeks and each squeeze opened her very wet cunt widely. After a minute or so mom said, "I think we better stop. You give a wonderful massage." She got up, wrapping the towel around her waist. I could see that her nipples were erect and her face was flush. She put on her robe and went to her room. I thought I was going to burst. I went to my room and quickly relieved the pressure by beating my meat with visions of mom's cunt fresh in my mind. I guess I was too inexperienced to realize that she was enjoying this, too. But she was having feelings of guilt which held her back. 

The next massage was even more exciting. Mom had a shower after dinner. She came out with her robe on and asked for a massage. I eagerly agreed. When I set the table up, mom just removed her robe and got on the table. She was nude. She then covered her buttocks with a towel. The full frontal view had me really excited and I wanted to give her an especially good massage as a reward. I took great care with her head, arms and back. 

Mom was really enjoying the attention I was giving her. It was a good half hour before I got to her thighs and buttocks. Her legs were wide apart. Her vagina was very wet. As my thumbs spread her buttocks, I noticed her hips were giving slight thrusts. I got an idea. I asked her if she wanted me to massage the front of her thighs. She answered that she would like that. She then rolled over on her back. She pulled the towel out from under her buttocks and laid it across her stomach, below her bare breasts. Her legs were parted quite wide. I began just above her knees and worked upward. I looked up and mom had her eyes closed. Her nipples were standing straight up. I sensed that she was excited, but I was more interested in the excitement I was feeling exploring mom's body. 

Before long, my thumbs were gently rolling the fleshy mound of her vagina. Her vagina was opening and closing with the motion. Mom's hips were thrusting regularly now and she was breathing very hard. I didn't know if women had orgasms or not, but I sensed she was having the same feeling I did just before I came. I wondered if she would shoot semen the way I did. Mom began moaning, "That's wonderful. Keep massaging me!" As if I was going to stop! After a couple of minutes, she calmed down. She got up and put on her robe, thanked me with a kiss on the cheek and went to her room. 

Mom never mentioned the sexual aspect of her massages, but she was in a real good mood for the next couple of days and gave me several hugs and told me what a great son I was. One evening, right after I had finished a shower, mom called me to her room. She had a robe on and had just got out of her shower. She asked if I would mind giving her a massage. When I started to go set up the massage table, she stopped me and said that we should use the bed. She pulled the blankets back and removed her robe. Standing completely naked in front of me, she said, "After you finish, I'm going to give you a massage, too." 

She then lay on the sheet on her stomach with wide open legs. She said with a smile, "You can start with my shoulders and back. My scalp is O.K." I just had a robe on and got a great idea. I positioned myself with my knees between her legs and loosened my robe. When I leaned foward to reach her shoulders, my penis came in contact with the crack of her ass. As I massaged her, the motion moved it along her crack. She made no move to stop me, but as I moved down her back, the contact stopped. 

I really got a great view of her pussy as I rubbed her cheeks. She was already wet and her lips were protruding nicely. I quickly moved down her legs and as I got to her feet, she rolled over on her back and spread her legs so I was again between them. If she noticed my erect penis pointing at her, she didn't say anything. She lay back with her eyes closed and said, "Massage my thighs now." I knew what she wanted so I moved to the top of her thighs much faster than usual. 

Soon I was massaging the fatty part of her cunt. I could clearly see her clitoris as I opened and closed her lips. Mom began moaning and her hips were thrusting. One of my thumbs penetrated as she pushed foward. She groaned and held her hips up for a second before she rotated a couple of times and then pulled away so my thumb pulled out. She suddenly stopped. She said, "It's your turn. Lay on your back." 

When I complied, she straddled my stomach on her knees and began rubbing my chest and shoulders. As she massaged, she lowered her hips so that her slippery cunt pushed on the soft bottom of my upright penis. She began an up and down motion which was incredible. I could feel her wetness as it contacted my balls and then slowly moved toward the head of my penis. I was really getting excited and knew I was going to come soon. 

One time when my dick was positioned just right, I thrust my hips so that I penetrated her a couple of inches. I gasped as I felt the delicious warmth of her pussy squeezing on my knob. Mom said, "Oh no, son. That wouldn't be right. We can massage each other, but that would be `incest`." She then slowly raised herself so that my penis withdrew and slapped against my stomach. Mom immediately lowered herself and continued our genital rubbing. I reached up to stroke her lovely hard nipples. I couldn't hold back any longer and started coming with powerful spurts. That excited mom and she came, too. Mom then wiped my semen up with a tissue and lay down beside me. 

We soon fell asleep. The next morning, I awoke cuddled against my nude mother. She had covered us during the night. I began carressing her breasts. Soon her nipples grew, but she woke up and said she had to get ready for work. She continued to invite me in for a "massage" about once a week over the next few months. I also gave her massages on the table. 

One day, mom had me get on the table after I finished her massage. She massaged my head, back and legs. She then had me roll over on my back. She spent a little time on my thighs, but before long she was lightly running her fingers up and down my stiff penis. Then she pumped my foreskin a few strokes. It felt great and I closed my eyes to enjoy this new experience. 

A few seconds later she placed my penis between her palms and rubbed back and forth. The rotation really felt good and I knew I wasn't going to last much longer. To my great surprise, I felt something warm and slippery engulf my prick. I looked down to see that mom had put my penis in her mouth and was moving up and down so that I was fucking her mouth. I began coming almost immediately. Mom swallowed every drop. When I finished, she smiled and said, "I thought you deserved something special." Over the next couple of days I thought of how I could return the favor. 

By the time she invited me to her room a few evenings later, I knew what I was going to do. We went through the usual routine until she rolled on her back. When I was massaging her cunt, I leaned foward and began licking around her protruding pussy lips. She gasped, "What are you doing?" Since she didn't pull away, I kept licking. She obviously liked my new attention. She bent her knees up and spread her legs wider. Now I had easy access to her whole cunt. After several minutes, I began sucking her now enlarged clitoris. Mom was really excited and began humping and moaning. She came with such force the she squirted juice over my face. I kept licking and sucking. A few minutes later mom relaxed and said, "Son that was unbelievable. You have exhausted your poor mother. If you promise not to take advantage of me, I'm going to sleep for a while." 

Without waiting for an answer, she closed her eyes. I was looking at her erect nipples and juicy cunt inviting me. I waited only a minute before I began carressing her breasts. Her nipples remained stiff under my touch. Mom's breathing was regular. My penis was pointed at her waiting cunt and I pushed slowly foward. When it reached her open slit. it easily penetrated. 

I leaned forward to suck her nipples as I slowly fucked her for the first time. I didn't want the feeling to stop, so I kept a slow pace. I noticed mom's breathing changed as her hips began responding. I could feel her cunt muscles grasping as I ground our pubic bones together. I began coming without warning when she thrust her hips toward me. I think she had an orgasm at the same time, but I can't be sure because I was so wrapped up in my orgasm. 

When I relaxed, mom continued to act like she was sleeping. I rolled off her and pulled a sheet over us and fell asleep cuddled against her. The next morning, mom was in the shower when I got up. It was a Saturday, so she didn't have to work. When I stepped in the shower with her, she just smiled. We helped each other wash. Her soapy hands caused my penis to get extra stiff. Mom's nipples were also erect after I soaped them a few minutes. We toweled each other off and went to the bedroom. When I began carressing mom's buttocks as I hugged her, she said, "I feel a little nap coming on." We lay on the bed and carressed each other a while before I began kissing and sucking her nipples. She lay back with her legs open so I could stimulate her slippery cunt with my practiced fingers. 

Her hips were thrusting into my hand and she was breathing hard when she moaned, "I'm going to sleep now." She closed her eyes and relaxed. I sensed she was ready to fuck but wanted to maintain the pretense that it wasn't wrong if she was "asleep". I mounted her and penetrated fully. Her body responded immediately. We hugged and ground together. I could almost feel her clitoris against my dick.

I lasted a long time because I was grinding and not thrusting. It felt super, but I was in control. Mom came rather quickly and relaxed a minute. My continued fucking soon got her going again and when I finally lost control and began long, slow thrusts, mom was right with me. She came with two gasps and really held me tightly as I pumped the last drops of semen deep inside her. I looked at her face and she had her eyes closed and a smile on her lips. A few minutes later, I rolled off her and carressed her stomach and thighs. Within two minutes, she feigned wakening. 

She said, "That was a nice nap. I had such a lovely dream. I feel ready for another shower." That was a year and a half ago. We sleep together every night now, but mom still must pretend she is asleep before we have intercourse. We do everything else including sixty-nine, but when it`s time for penetration, she always says she needs a little nap. Sometimes it only takes thirty seconds to "fall asleep". I don't mind. She couldn't be more responsive if she were wide awake. I'm going to college soon. We are both happy that I was accepted at a local college. It will save money and we can continue our unusual love life.