 Author's Note:

The following story describes the sexual conquest of a beautiful but forbidden fruit. This story is intended to be titillating, and just plain fun to read.. but it is still fictional. On the other hand, real life love and passion with one's own true love is an ultimate experience in life. My hope is that each of us searches out and finds our personal soul mate, that we fall madly in love, and that we experience the depth of love and passion that can only be experienced with this one very special person. But for this moment, let's enjoy the …

* * * * * 

Prologue

Wayne and I have been close friends since freshman year in college. When we met, he was the slick, lady's man, I the studious engineer. Although different in interests and goals, we hit it off right from the start. I helped him with school work (which seemed to be a frequent need). He gave me a social life. There were so many attractive girls on campus. These beautiful young women gravitated toward Wayne. I was happy to be nearby to receive some of the reflected glow.

My luck on the dating front took a dramatic turn for the best during my senior year. I met a sophomore named Debbie… through Wayne, of course. She was every man's dream come true. At least she was my wet dream. Debbie stood 5'-7", with blonde hair that flowed over her shoulders and framed the brightest blue eyes I'd ever seen. Her lips were softly sculptured, full and yet subtle. She was the only women I'd ever seen who looked as though she was always ready to be kissed. Debbie was shy, but when she looked at a man and smiled, he usually melted into a puddle of adoration.

Debbie had the kind of breasts that drew men's attention. They weren't oranges or grapefruit. They were fully developed, ripe cantaloupes. Their roundness and fullness were matched by the flare of her hips. From an engineering perspective, I always wondered how breasts so full and a bottom so rounded could be wrapped around such a tight little waist. Or why this Venus would be balanced on legs so long and delicately crafted. Overall, she was a woman who caught eyes no matter where she was, what she was doing or what she was wearing. Debbie was simply a stunning woman. When she walked the streets of campus, she was responsible for more erections than the steel workers who were constructing the new library.

I joined a long list of men on campus who were determined to make Debbie theirs. Predictably, she was drawn to Wayne first. But I could see in her something that made me think I might have a chance with her. Debbie had a very practical side. She held conservative, mid-Western values. She was dreaming of one day having a stable family with a house and kids. And even at that time, I believed I wasn't just an engineering student. I believed I was a damn good engineer who could reason through any problem and find a favorable solution.

While most men were trying to win her body, I used analytical thinking to develop an edge. I concentrated on Debbie's dreams, not my own. I truly believed I had what Debbie was looking for. I'd seen Wayne in action for a couple of years and I wasn't unattractive, so I made it one of my goals to make sure Debbie knew I was the one who could give her the life she wanted.

Things between us started slowly. Debbie has always been introverted and demure. Those who pressed her too hard crashed and burned. I wondered to myself how someone with her ravishing good looks could be so reserved. Her small town upbringing apparently had not provided her much in the way of dating opportunities. I used as much charm as I could muster (given that most of the time I was in awe of her body), but mostly I showed Debbie that I was building a career that would support her family. She liked that. We got serious.

When we finally announced our engagement, Wayne was very impressed. He knew that I had used my education to secure the most sought-after prize on campus.

After I graduated (with honors), Debbie and I got married. We never left our college town, because Debbie needed to finish school while I started my first job. Wayne stayed in town, too. We had become best friends, he still liked the girls on campus, and he landed a nice job with a local distributor. Wayne and I kept right on playing softball and basketball together. But now, Debbie and I also frequently socialized with Wayne and whomever his current flame was. Debbie and I laughed about how Wayne went through women. He had a well developed knack for getting intimate with the object of his attention. I had seen his system of seduction in action many times.

Wayne was like a cowpoke who enjoyed separating a filly from the herd, breaking down her inhibitions, stripping her bare, climbing into her saddle, and then riding her hard. I nicknamed Wayne the "Cowboy" because of his exploits. Predictably, Debbie was too embarrassed to acknowledge this nickname. The graphic image of him mounting a beautiful woman for a pleasure ride was not something she could even contemplate.

Unfortunately for Wayne, he never seemed able to find a woman who could hold his attention for long. And of course, because of her stunning good looks, Wayne would occasionally throw a line in Debbie's direction. Probably as much out of instinct as anything. Debbie would get so red when Wayne told her how much her big breasts turned him on. She enjoyed the compliments, but even in marriage she was still a shy woman lacking in confidence. And we all knew who was really scoring with Debbie.

During the summer after Debbie graduated, she and I took a vacation to Jamaica. Deep blue water to match Debbie's sparkling eyes, glowing sunsets, and mellow island beverages made the trip memorable. Late one evening after a number of daiquiris, I coaxed Debbie (with great effort) onto a secluded nude beach. It took every daiquiri I could find to get her to strip off her clothes, because baring her charms was absolutely NOT Debbie.

I took full advantage of the evening too, and kissed and caressed her nude body into a passion. Right there on the beach I laid her on her back, spread her luscious legs, buried my manhood in her, and rode her like one of Wayne's fillies. Our lovemaking that night gave us Abigail, who was born the next May.

* * * * *

I – the Party

By Abigail's first Christmas, Debbie and I had seen enough diapers for a lifetime. When Wayne invited us to his annual New Year's Eve party, we were both ready for a good time. Wayne's New Year's Eve parties were just our speed. Wayne would invite four or five couples for a laid back evening of music, chatter, dancing and drinks. After spending most of our nights feeding Abby, dancing and drinks sounded pretty good.

The only possible damper on the party (for me) was the remote chance that I might be called away on an emergency response by the local utility company I worked for. I had moved up rapidly within the engineering staff of the company. The regional service manager warned me not to get too far away from my beeper on New Year's Eve. If there was even a hint of trouble that night, fears of a-Y2K-like event made end-of-year reliability paramount. The manager would be calling me in.

As soon as the wrapping paper was torn off the Christmas gifts, Debbie started planning her outfit for Wayne's party. It had been awhile since I'd taken her on a date that required dressy clothes. My mistake. Debbie let me know in no uncertain terms that she would be needing a new dress for the party. She ultimately decided on a fairly short, simple, dark blue satin dress with spaghetti straps.

When she tried the dress on for me, it was clear that it had been custom tailored for my wife. It scooped discreetly in both front and back, snugly hugging her breasts and hips with the softness of a mother's embrace. I'd seen dresses on other women that fit tightly at these expressions of their womanhood… Debbie's dress also dove in dramatically and clung to her flat belly and slim waist. Only a lengthy zipper allowed her to wrap herself in this figure eight of skin-tight fabric.

The dress was all Debbie: understated color and trim emphasizing the voluptuous figure within. I was certain that she would be the most beautiful woman at Wayne's party. From a man's perspective, Debbie's new dress was very well-designed gift wrapping. As I gazed at her in her new party dress, I looked forward to unwrapping Debbie on New Year's Eve. Of course I had no way of knowing that someone else would be having this honor, and much more.

We arrived at the New Year's Eve party around 8:30, and were greeted by Wayne. As was his custom for this party, he wore a loose, short sleeved shirt adorned with a wild island print. Years ago he had told us that he thought this would drive away the cold for at least this one night of the year. I was surprised not to see Wendy, his latest companion. Wayne reported sorrowfully that Wendy, a flight attendant he had met on a trip early in December, had taken an early flight out. From the way Wayne said it, I think he meant she was taking flight, period.

Too bad. She was a dark-haired beauty that Debbie and I both liked in the short time we'd known her. And I didn't mind looking at her thin figure and shapely legs. Wayne apparently didn't mind looking around a little either, which proved to be a problem for Wendy. When Debbie shed her jacket, Wayne didn't have any such problem. I chuckled to myself because it took quite a few minutes for Wayne to take his eyes off my wife. Debbie was ravishing tonight!

The other couples arrived soon after us. By nine, the whole group had arrived and were sharing stories about the best and worst gifts of the season. Lisa and Kevin were the couple we knew the best. Kevin was direct. He hit the mixed drinks early. He said the drinks were to cleanse his palette for the champagne later. Kevin could sometimes get too drunk, but I wasn't too worried about Kevin. He was mostly harmless.

I was becoming a little concerned about Wayne however. He sucked down a few drinks and soon his forlorn expression was replaced by a more aggressive demeanor. Wayne must have been in dire straits with Wendy, because he appeared to have decided that he needed a new conquest. He looked as though he was ready to cut a new mare from the herd for his next pursuit… and he wasn't waiting for tomorrow!

I remembered what Wayne humorously called "the predator's assessment", and he was already boldly using this selection technique with the women at the party. I didn't want to see his ego hurt, but his tricks were sometimes pretty fun to watch. A number of years ago Wayne had instructed me that this "predator's assessment" started with an innocent one-on-one chat with a woman. At a certain point in the conversation, he would look intently into her eyes. When he had her full attention, he would purposefully drop his gaze to examine her breasts and nipples in detail, making sure she was watching him. After enough time for her to clearly recognize that he was evaluating her potential for his later use, he would raise his eyes once again directly to hers. If she smiled at him, he knew he had found the filly he would probably be riding that night. If she frowned, he figured she would be a difficult filly to break in. Not impossible, just more work.

After watching him move around the room from woman to woman, virtually ignoring his male guests, I headed for the kitchen to freshen our drinks. He quickly closed on Debbie. I watched as they bantered for a couple of minutes. Then I saw him lower his eyes to examine Debbie's pride-and-joys with the precision of a surgeon. He looked back up at my wife, and she predictably gave him the infrequent third response. Debbie blushed profusely and nervously covered a breast with her hand. This was Wayne's favorite response. He knew this type of woman would make for a wonderful pursuit… and Debbie also offered the attraction that she would be the most gorgeous woman he had ever captured.

At this point, I remembered what Wayne was most accomplished at. It was indeed breaking a woman's inhibitions and bending her spirit to his will. I stopped being worried about Wayne, and started worrying instead about the women at his party, especially Debbie. I felt for my beeper and was sorry that it was still there. I hustled back to break up Wayne's fun.

Ten o'clock rolled around, and those of us who'd been to one of Wayne's New Year's Eve parties knew it was time to dance. A few years ago, there had been a nasty case of bruised feet and egos caused for the most part by uncoordinated John Travolta wannabes. Since then, Wayne had strongly suggested that guests remove their shoes to dance "Waikiki-style".

Four of the women (Debbie included) knew this in advance. They had arrived at the party without nylons, but decorated with painted toenails. Bill's wife Anne Marie must not have gotten the memo. After a few heated Beach Boys tunes, she had developed runs in her nylons from Wayne's berber carpet. I saw her slip away during a break, and when she returned, her stockings didn't.

I was having a great time, and had forgotten about work for at least a half hour. Just after 10:30, my beeper went off. When I called the office, I got the bad news. They needed me at the power command center, probably until morning. Debbie didn't take the news well either. Wayne must have seen our long faces, because he drifted by. I expressed our regrets and we headed for our coats. Wayne was thinking fast, and came up with an idea. He convinced me that Debbie was having such a good time that it would be a shame for her to miss out on the fun just because I had to leave. He was right, but I didn't realize the type of fun he had in store for my wife.

I could see that Debbie was as happy that evening as I'd seen her in some time. I gave her a questioning look. She was too shy to declare her feelings in front of Wayne, so I suggested that she stay. Her face lit up, almost imperceptibly. Wayne promised to drive her home as soon as the party broke up. I was worried about leaving Debbie with Wayne, but I knew something he didn't. Debbie had highly developed FM reception. FM reception? The volume on her "Faithfulness Meter" was always turned up. I was confident in Debbie's fidelity.

At that same moment, Wayne was confident as well. He had found the object of his desire for this night, and his only true competition was withdrawing. In his somewhat drunken state, he intended to separate Debbie from the rest of his guests, break down her inhibitions, and with some luck saddle up her wonderful body for a pleasure ride later in the evening.

Debbie may have had strong FM reception, but Wayne knew that she, like all women, also had an AM channel… an "Animal Meter" hard-wired into her being. It was not Wayne's intention to convince Debbie to succumb to him. Instead, he intended to dramatically turn up her AM volume until her own body drowned out her FM channel. At that point, she would be his. With my departure, he hoped to bury his rising manhood between her smooth and luscious thighs within hours. He had one more ace in the hole. He intended to use Debbie's lack of confidence to his advantage.

* * * * *

II – Fondling Debbie

My departure didn't disrupt the party for long. After I left, Wayne queued up one of his favorite oldies: "Devil with a Blue Dress On". This fast paced tune soon had his guests enthusiastically shaking and gyrating, just as they had been before I left. Even shy Debbie was caught up in the moment. Her dress was so tight that it could conceal little of her beauty or her movements. She shook her big tits, and Wayne's male partiers watched in admiration. She swayed her luscious hips and her smooth thighs were briefly exposed to view. But most enticingly, every now and then, by instinct more than anything else, she thrust the magnificent V between her legs directly at Wayne. The fabric of her dress strained to maintain its integrity and conceal her charms.

She was no devil with a blue dress on. Energized as she was, she was a radiant Victoria's angel in her blue dress. The men in the room, however, were all having evil thoughts. Every male eye was on my wife, some furtively, some more bold. Although she didn't realize it, she was a one-person construction crew. Erections were creating tents in all of the slacks in the room. Wayne in particular had enjoyed the view of her very sensuous dance. This angel in the blue dress had now very graphically confirmed his desire. He was determined to intimately experience the thrusts she was innocently performing for his guests, … with his cock buried between her tender thighs. For now, however, he needed to cool down his raging erection, which was large enough to draw everyone's attention. He headed to the kitchen to freshen some drinks.

While Wayne was attending to his guests, Kevin ducked in to pull Debbie onto the dance floor. Kevin by now was very drunk, and was still displaying a good-sized bulge in his pants. When sober, Kevin was direct. When drunk, he was much too forceful. He closed too fast, which immediately put Debbie on the defensive. He immediately went for the ass that had figured so prominently in his recent thoughts. Debbie tried to twist away. Kevin reacted by holding her fast and grabbing one of the breasts that he had watched shake so enticingly. This time Debbie did extricate herself from his grasp. She practically ran to Wayne. Her red face spoke volumes. No words were spoken, but Kevin stayed away for the rest of the night. Debbie hung on Wayne, which was just fine with him.

Wayne had started to mix slow songs with the upbeat tunes. Couples mostly stayed together, which suited Wayne's purpose well. He was being very careful not to push Debbie very hard, which meant that he needed some extra time with her. His present goal was to keep her drinking, and brush into her "accidentally" every now and then.

My best friend also made a point of guiding Debbie near the most demonstrative couples. Kevin had found his correct target and was bumping and grinding at Lisa on fast tunes, kneading her ass and tits on slow songs. Lisa was relieved to see that Kevin had returned and appeared intent on maintaining his attention. She was returning his advances, pressing her hips against his crotch. Wayne was making sure that Debbie was taking this all in.

Wayne was a bigger man than me, which Debbie couldn't help but notice. He had some cut in his upper arms and his chest was broad. Debbie could see but not quite feel the curly red hairs that poked through the neck of his shirt. She liked his chest hair, and glanced at it furtively. Wayne noticed her gazing at him, and acted on this shy woman's inquisitiveness. He pressed his body full length into her, compressing her breasts into his chest.

During one slow song, Wayne put Debbie's arms around his neck and caressed the small of her back. He slipped his hands lower and lower. Two other women were getting butt massages from their dance partners. Wayne slid his hands to Debbie's silk-wrapped waist and down onto the curve of her bottom. Debbie stiffened. With a great deal of courage, she whispered into his ear "Wayne, please don't". He withdrew.

On the next slow song, he tried again, and again she stiffened. He wondered if he had not coaxed enough drinks into her. Instead of withdrawing this time however, he simply cupped her silky bottom in his hands, but did not fondle her cheeks. It wasn't enough of a transgression for her to overcome her shyness and complain. They danced. He subtly started to caress her buttocks, using movements that might feel accidental to her. His movements were having the desired effect. Her cheeks were becoming more sensitive to his touch and wanted to be held.

He became bolder and was soon able to knead her bottom as he wished. He was developing an erection, and she could distinctly feel him growing against her belly. At the end of the song, he cupped her round posterior and pressed her firmly to his crotch. For the first time that evening, there was a significant spike in her AM volume. Debbie's face was red. Was it from embarrassment or from arousal? Her AM and FM dials were competing to be heard. Debbie's body began its preparations for what was to come. Her vagina started to become moist.
