 John just knew that there had to be a way to capitalize on the fact that he knew his twin sister Kelly had lost her virginity and was regularly getting laid. Even though they were only 18 years of age, John had enough of his father in him to always try to find a way to capitalize on a situation. That's what comes from having a stockbroker for a father. The fact that he was totally in love with his sister and always had been just made it a little harder. He had constantly heard his father espousing the philosophy that business was business and friendship was friendship and you couldn't let the two get in the way of each other if they were both to succeed. And since his father had made millions of dollars in the market, John knew he knew what he was talking about.

But then there was Kelly. John didn't just love his sister, he was in love with her. To him there was no more beautiful girl in the world, with maybe the exception of their mother, Karin. Kelly was 5'6" tall and 120 pounds. She had long curly red hair that hung halfway down her back and bright green eyes. Her figure had really filled out in the last year, and he knew from going through her clothes that she wore a 36C bra. Sometimes he could see her nipples sticking out from her t-shirt when she didn't wear a bra, like around the house.

He himself was just topping 6' in height and weighed an even 170 pounds. He loved sports and was constantly looking at his muscles in the mirror in disbelief as his body became more and more defined. He couldn't wait until he was fully grown like his father. 

Jason Redson was the perfect picture of success; 6'4" tall, dark hair with blue eyes. John always thought his father should have been a movie star, not a stockbroker. With his mother and Kelly almost look-alike twins, he knew that he had been born into a blessed family and was determined to take advantage of it. That's what assets were for, his father constantly told him; if you don't utilize them, what good are they.

Well, he was bound and determined to utilize them, he thought as he massaged his cock in his hand while thinking of his lovely sister. He smiled as he looked down at the 8" of hard cock in his hand, wondering if either of the 3 boys that he knew Kelly was fucking had cocks as big as his. She didn't even have a boyfriend. He felt his frustrations peak as his balls scrunched up and cum shot from the end of his cock, splashing all over the floor in front of his bed. When he finished cumming, he stood up, determined to figure a way out of his dilemma before he went crazy.

While John got dressed in his room, Kelly was just waking up in her room next door. She kicked the covers off and enjoyed a luxuriant stretch as she thought of the previous night and smiled. Biff Wilson had fucked her and sucked her to so many orgasms that she had thought she would explode from pleasure. Instead, when he had finally collapsed, too drained for any more, she had felt like she only wanted more and more and more.

She felt her nipples getting hard and her pussy getting wet as she lay there and thought about it. God, she loved sex. It had only been a couple of months since she had lost her cherry, but she found herself thinking of sex almost all of the time. Her hands went to her breasts, cupping them, her fingers automatically finding her hard, erect nipples and pinching and pulling on them. One hand slid down between her legs to feel the warm moistness there, a finger finding her huge, erect clit and gently rubbing it. She forced herself to stop, knowing that if she didn't, that she'd lay there the whole day and play with herself. It was Saturday and she had the whole weekend to look forward to.

Getting to her feet, she stuck her finger in her mouth and gently sucked it, tasting herself. She had quickly learned that she loved sucking a cock, especially after it had been inside of her and was covered with her juices. She understood why the boys who she fucked loved so much eating her pussy. If she could reach it, she'd eat herself, she thought with a grin. But what to wear today. She didn't really have any plans until tonight, just laze around the house, maybe get some sun, watch some TV. 

I wonder what John's doing today, she thought, a smile crossing her face when she thought of her big gorgeous twin brother. She knew all the girls at school got wet whenever they saw him. And he didn't even have a clue, she thought, shaking her head in amazement. He could be getting more pussy than anyone she knew if he'd just try. She knew that he noticed girls, she had seen the looks she had gotten when she sometimes wore a tight t-shirt without a bra around the house. She was sure she had seen him with a lump in his pants on more than one occasion. 

Maybe I'll hang with John today, tease him a little bit and find out what he's been up to, she thought, reaching for a cut-off t-shirt and pulling it over her head. It barely came down enough to cover her breasts, and her nipples pressed out against the material, making it very obvious that she had no bra on. She then reached for a pair of cut-offs, slipping into them without any underwear. She loved the feeling of the thick seam rubbing her clit as she moved her legs. She knew if she wasn't careful, she'd wet the entire crotch.

Poor John, she thought as she brushed her hair. She had really been ignoring him for the last few months while her hormones had raged for the first time in her life and she had become quickly addicted to sex. They had always been real close, just like twins, always talking and sharing their secrets with each other. He was the first person she had told that she had lost her cherry when it had happened and it had seemed to her that their relationship had sort of changed from that point on. She opened the door to her room and waltzed down the hallway to the kitchen where she found both her parents and John sitting down to breakfast.

"Good morning, everyone," she said, sliding into a seat. "I'm starved."

"Well, good morning to you, too," Karin said. "Don't you think you could have found a bit more of a shirt to wear?" she asked.

"Oh, mom, it's Saturday and I'm having breakfast in my own home," Kelly replied. "I'm not going out like this."

"Jason," Karin said. "Please say something."

"Well, she's certainly growing up, isn't she?" Jason said, shaking his head.

"How would you like it if I dressed like that around the house?" Karin asked. "You think you'd be so relaxed about it?"

"No, I don't," he replied, a big smile on his face. "Why don't you try it and find out."

"Yeah, mom, what's wrong with the way I'm dressed, anyway?" Kelly asked, laughing at her mother's look of surprise. "I'm covered. You can see more when I wear a bathing suit and you don't tell me not to wear one in public."

"I'm sorry I ever said anything," Karin said, sitting back down. "You look wonderful, dear. It's nice that you're so comfortable with yourself and your family."

"What's the big deal anyway?" John suddenly said. "It's not like it's not obvious that she's got breasts now. She'd still have them even if she wore a sack."

"That a way, twin brother," Kelly laughed. "If I make you uncomfortable, mom, I'd be happy to go change."

"Just forget it," Karin said, laughing now herself. "I must be getting old."

"What are you two going to do today?" Jason asked as they ate breakfast.

"I don't know," Kelly answered. "I thought I'd see what John's up to and hang out with him."

"I don't really have any plans," John said, inwardly pleased to hear what his sister had said, and also happy to see what she was wearing. "Maybe I'll go down to the river for a while."

"That sounds like fun," Kelly said. "I haven't been down there in a while."

"Well, I'm off to play golf," Jason said, getting to his feet. "I'll see all of you later."

"You two help me clean up first," Karin said. "I assume you have a date tonight?" she asked Kelly.

"Yup," Kelly said, nodding her head. "Jimmy Hastings."

"Well, don't forget your curfew," Karin said.

"I won't, mom," Kelly assured her. "I promise."

"I'm going to change, then we'll go," John said as they finished cleaning up from breakfast.

"Okay, I'll wait here," Kelly said, noticing that his eyes strayed to her chest yet again.

It was less than a mile to the river along a trail through the forest that bordered their house. They walked in silence, savoring the smells and sounds of the forest until they got to the river. Then a little further along the bank they came to a small grassy clearing under a big oak tree that overhung the river.

"God, I love this place," Kelly said, flopping down on the ground on her back, her arms flung wide.

"It's the best," John agreed, noticing that her shirt had pulled up, exposing the undersides of her breasts.

"John, why don't you ever go out with any of the girls?" Kelly suddenly asked, pushing up so that she was propped on her elbows.

"I don't know," John mumbled, glancing at her and seeing that the bottom of her breasts were now almost completely exposed up to the edge of her nipples.

"I know so may girls who would give anything to go out with you," she said. "I mean, you're the best-looking guy in the whole school."

"Right. Who says?" John asked, snorting in contempt.

"Well, I do," Kelly said, smiling at him. "And I'd know."

"Oh, how's that?" John asked, unable to avoid smiling.

"Because I'm dating all the best-looking boys and none of them even come close to you," she replied.

"How come you always go out with someone different?" John asked.

"Why not!" Kelly said. "I'm not looking to only go out with one guy. I'm young. I want to see what different guys are like."

"Are they really all that different?" John asked.

"Oh, yes, they sure are," Kelly laughed. "No two alike."

"Not at all?" John asked. 

"Well, they all want to fuck," Kelly said. "That's for sure. But then they're different there, too."

"What!" John exclaimed, staring at her.

"Oh, you know," Kelly said, laying back down, her hands behind her head.

Now her shirt pulled up so that her nipples were exposed and John watched as they crinkled and screwed themselves into hard knots. Her feet were flat on the ground about shoulder width apart and John could see where the material bunched into her crotch. He wasn't certain, but he thought that maybe she wasn't wearing any panties.

"What do you mean by that?" John asked again.

"Well," Kelly began, sitting up cross-legged in front of him, "some guys are bigger and some are more tender and some are faster."

"Are you talking about...."

"Sex," Kelly said emphatically, seeing him blush.

"Uh, are you, you know, doing it with lots of different guys?" John asked, now absolutely certain that she wasn't wearing any panties.

"If I go out with them, I make sure they fuck me," Kelly said, watching his face.

"Kelly!" John said, his face turning crimson and his cock twitching in his shorts.

"That's why I want you to go out with some of my friends," Kelly said plaintively. "They'd fuck you in a heartbeat and then we could talk about it."

"Talk about it!" John exclaimed. "What do you mean?"

"I don't have anyone to talk to about it," Kelly said. "You know, like how do you do this or do you like that, those kind of things. If you were fucking my girlfriends, we could compare notes."

"Jesus, Kelly," John said, shaking his head.

"Or if I knew some older guys that had more experience, they could probably tell me how to do things that they like," Kelly went on.

"Why is it so important?" John asked, staring at the red hairs that were sticking out on either side of her shorts at the crotch.

"Oh, John, I love sex so much that I can hardly think of anything else. Just thinking about it or talking about it gets me so excited," she said, bringing her hands up to cover her breasts, squeezing them firmly. "I know you've noticed."

"It's impossible not to," John said, now openly looking at her breasts when she lowered her hands.

"Let's go swimming," Kelly suddenly said, jumping to her feet.

"We didn't bring suits," John observed.

"So what?" Kelly said. "You afraid to skinny-dip with me?" she asked, smiling at him.

"I don't know if we should," John said, shocked at the suggestion being voiced that was foremost in his mind.

"Well, I'm going in then," Kelly said. "You join me if you want to," she said, stepping down to the edge of the bank and pulling her shirt off over her head, her back to John. Dropping it next to her, she quickly skinned out of her shorts and dove into the river, leaving a gape-mouthed John standing on the bank.

"Come on, silly," Kelly said as she broke the surface and turned to look at him. "The water's great. Don't be embarrassed."

"Well, I am," John said, truly embarrassed and feeling his cock growing in his shorts to prove it.

"I'm your sister," Kelly said with a laugh, floating on her back, her breasts sticking up out of the water, and her fiery-red pubic hair just visible below the surface. "Besides, nobody's here, is there?"

"No, I guess not," John agreed, staring at her.

"And nobody's likely to come here, are they?" Kelly asked, her eyes on his growing bulge.

"Not likely," John agreed.

"Then come in the water with me," she said, "or I'll come out there and drag you in, clothes and all."

"You couldn't even if you tried," John laughed.

"But I'd try, and that's the thing, isn't it?" Kelly laughed, seeing the truth of what she said register on his face. "If you're not in the water by the count of three, I'm coming out to get you," she warned. "One. Two. Three. Then here I come," Kelly said, swimming towards the bank.

John just stood there watching her, not believing for a minute that she would actually come out of the water with him standing there like that. He figured she just wanted to see if she could get him to undress in front of her. But to his surprise, Kelly didn't stop when she got to the bank of the river, she just stood up and began walking up the bank towards him, water running off her hard nipples, her breasts swaying as she climbed up. And he could see the moisture sparkling in her sparse red pubic hair. He could even make out the outline of her pussy lips as she scrambled up towards him.

"Now you're asking for it," she said, reaching for him.

John put his hands out to stop her but she just kept coming at him, not even stopping when his hands filled with her breasts as she grabbed at the waist of his shorts. When he tried to pull his hands back from her breasts, she pulled herself even closer, her hands entangled in his shorts and her breasts pressing up against his t-shirt. He felt his cock growing even harder as suddenly Kelly succeeded in opening his shorts and pulling them down around his knees, his cock bulging in his underwear.

"Ooohh, so that's why you didn't want to undress and come in the water," Kelly said, staring at his cock bulging in his underwear. "But I don't mind," she said. "I'll just take it as a compliment," suddenly grabbing his underwear and pulling them down to the ground along with his shorts. As she did so, his cock sprang out, hitting her in the face before she could get out of the way. "Now you can come in the water," she said, standing up, her face flushed with the excitement of her brother's huge cock slapping her in the face. Turning, she ran back down the embankment and dove into the river. As she rose to the surface, she heard John hitting the water behind her, and then he surfaced a few feet away.

"That's better, you silly," she said, laughing. "Isn't the water great?"

"It is nice," John agreed, floating.

"You have such a beautiful cock, John," Kelly said, staring at his cock laying up on his stomach.

"Jesus, Kelly, are you nuts?" John asked, rolling over in the water and hiding himself from her.

"Well, what's wrong with telling your brother that you think he's a hunk?" Kelly asked. "You are. Don't you think I'm nice to look at?" she asked, pirouetting in front of him.

"I think you're the most beautiful girl I've ever seen," John said.

"And I make your cock hard, don't I?" she asked, smiling at him.

"Yes, you do, most definitely," John agreed, grinning at her.

"Well, at least you can admit it," Kelly said, splashing him and then swimming for the bank.

She scrambled up the embankment and John was treated to the sight of her ass and pussy from behind. His cock got even harder so he stayed in the water for several more minutes, willing himself to relax before starting for the embankment and scrambling to the top. When he got there, he realized that he would have been as well off just leaving the water with Kelly, as she was laying on her back in the grass with her knees up and spread apart, one hand between her legs rubbing her pussy. He watched for a second as she would dip a finger into her hole, then rub it around on her clit. He could clearly see her big puffy outer lips with her inner lips protruding and flowering open, revealing her huge clit standing out almost an inch.

"God, Kelly," John exclaimed, his cock instantly rocketing to its full size.

"I thought you were still swimming," Kelly said, slamming her knees together and withdrawing her hand from her pussy, sitting up at the same time. "Oh, my god," she said when she saw John's full 8" sticking straight out at her. "You're incredible," she said, unconsciously bringing her fingers to her mouth and sucking on them. "I've never seen a cock that big before."

"Really?" John asked, flopping down on his stomach to hide his erection.

"Yeah, really," Kelly said, smiling at him. "You're huge."

"I wish you wouldn't talk like this," John said. "It's hard enough."

"I'll say," Kelly said with a laugh at his unintended pun. "You could make money with that thing."

"What do you mean?" John asked, always interested in anything that involved making money.

"I'd pay to be fucked by a cock like that," Kelly said, shaking her head wistfully.

"And I could have people standing in line to fuck you," John said, throwing it back at her. "How do you like the sound of that?"

"Actually, it makes me horny thinking of men standing in line to fuck me," Kelly said with a laugh.

"It would be like printing money," John said, his mind churning.

"Really! What do you mean?" Kelly asked.

"I'm sure men would pay through the nose to fuck you," John said.

"Do you really think so?" Kelly asked. "I mean, you think I'm that nice looking?"

"I told you, I think you're the most beautiful girl I've ever seen," John said.

"I thought you were just teasing me," Kelly said, staring at him. "You really mean that, though?"

"Yup," John said.

They rested in silence for a while, enjoying the sun, before Kelly spoke up again.

"John, do you masturbate a lot?" she asked suddenly.

"Jesus, Kelly," John exclaimed, staring at her. "What kind of a question is that?"

"Well, do you?" she persisted.

"I don't know, what's a lot?" John asked.

"But you do masturbate then?" Kelly asked, staring at him.

"Well, yeah, I guess," John admitted, realizing how she had trapped him again. "Do you?"

"Oh, all the time," Kelly said. "I love the way it feels when I cum."

John said nothing as he stared at her. Kelly fidgeted, feeling her pussy tingle as she thought of playing with herself. She felt her nipples getting hard and could see by the expression on John's face that he noticed it also.

"See, all I have to do is think about it and I get excited," Kelly said, cupping her breasts and gently rolling her nipples briefly between her fingers. "So, you think men would pay to fuck me?" she asked, dropping her hands.

"Absolutely," John said nodding. "I bet I could get $5,000."

"For what?" Kelly asked, staring at him, her mouth hanging open.

