 "Bye, Mom, I'll see you Sunday night." I said as I went to give my Mother a goodbye kiss. She had her robe held together by one hand. As I gave her a peck on her lips, it fell open a little as she hugged me to her. I caught a glimpse of her full cleavage, and the slopes of her full low slung, double D breasts. Damn she's a sexy woman, I thought. She's a big woman, not fat, just a "full figured" woman, very sensuous and voluptuous too. All woman.

"OK, Baby, I'm getting ready to have a long, long soaking bubble bath, and just relax while you're gone. Have fun, but not too much fun. Say 'Hi' to Patty for me." She said giving me a wink then turning away and heading for the bathroom. 

I hopped in the car and headed for Patty's house to spend the weekend. Her folks would be out of town for the whole weekend and we would have the house to ourselves. We could make love as much as we wanted. I was really horny, and looking forward to a weekend of sex, sex, sex, with her. We'd been lovers for about a year and she is a sexy woman, and we had made some wonderful love together. My clit tingled so much, I had to slip one hand down in my shorts and give it a little rub. Damn, it was swollen and my pussy was so wet. Ohh, Patty's tongue would be there soon!

Patty opened the door in her robe with a tissue in hand, hair disheveled. She put out her hand up to stop me. "Honey, I'm really sorry, but I have come down with the flu. You don't want to catch it. I tried to call you, but our phone is out. They said they'd fix it today but didn't. I'm really, really sorry. I was so looking forward to our having the weekend together."

Well, Shit! We talked for a few minutes and I reluctantly headed back home. I was still hot and slid my finger inside my wet pussy several times at a light. It only managed to make me hotter. As I pulled up in the driveway, I looked at my watch and I'd been gone a little under an hour. I was still horny as hell. Oh well, I'd go in my room, get my favorite girl/girl video, and bring myself off as much as I wanted to, and I wanted to a lot!

As I walked down the darkened carpeted hall, I smelled the wonderful odor of Mom's bath, drifting out in the hall, a mixture of scented soap, bath powder, and her sexy perfume. Nearing her bedroom door, I heard a sound very familiar to me, the "Unnhuh, unnhuh" of my favorite Porno queen, the gorgeous Nina Hartley. That sound was from one of her older porno films, and I knew the very beautiful Barbara Dare had her talented tongue slipping in and out of Nina's perfect pussy. Ooh ho, so Mom had found my porn stash and was watching my girl/girl video! I laid my things down very quietly, and slipped down to her door. Her bedroom door was wide open, as she thought I'd be gone all weekend.

I peeped in and she lay on the bed facing away from me, looking at the TV opposite the bed. Sure enough Barbara had her tongue slipping it into Nina's wet pussy. Mom lay there legs spread wide, her sexy peignoir was open around her on the bed, and she had one hand buried in her pussy, moving it in and out, the other rubbing and stroking her clit. Damn, that was really an erotic sight. 

I'd seen her naked any number of times, but never like this. I had always thought she was a really sexy lady, but now! Damn. I could see her in the mirror across the room, and that view was looking up her spread sexy body. She had three or four fingers thrusting up into her spread pussy, and I could hear the liquid sounds they made as they slid in and out. 

It was too much for my already frustrated and enflamed pussy, and I slid my shorts and panties down, and my fingers went to my pussy and began to stroke it standing in the darkened hall. God, I was on fire.

"Ohh, shit, yes! Stick your tongue in her beautiful pussy. Ohhh, tonguefuck that beautiful pussy. Shit, Ohh. Yesss! Fuck her. Eat her. Ohhh. Ohhhh, yessss." Mom moaned as she fingerfucked herself. Her quavering moans filled the room. Her large full, erotic breasts quivered and shook, and her erect nipples stood up at least three quarters of an inch. Her huge areolas were engorged and swollen. They are as wide across as four of my fingers, and deep brown. They were sexy, mouth watering. Damn, she was a Sex Goddess lying there spread wide open. 

I watched her fingerfuck herself, and I rubbed my clit and slipped a finger up inside my pussy, standing in the hallway, my eyes swiveling back and forth, watching her in the mirror, and on the bed. I was getting two fantastic views of her erotic, sexy body, writhing in passion. I came explosively, and had to bite my lip hard to keep from crying out. Her loud cry of ecstasy echoed in the room as she came too. Her hips thrust up and her face was distorted by her ecstasy. Damn, that was the sexiest thing I'd ever seen, my own Mom masturbating right in front of me. 

Seeing it on a TV screen was sexy, but here was the real thing, flesh and blood, my very sexy Mom too. I stood there, shaking, weak kneed, breathing hard, head down.

"Well, come on in, Hon. It looks like we both had a good cum!" Mom said still breathing hard. 

I looked up and she was watching me in the mirror. In the heat of my passion, I hadn't taken into account that she could also see me even though the hall was a little dark. The soft room lights and the TV glow gave her enough light to see me. Damn! I blushed, caught with my shorts and panties down around my knees, my hand still at my pussy, fingers wet with pussy juices.

"Come on in, Sweetheart. Obviously I wasn't expecting you back so soon. I was really enjoying your video. Sit down on the bed. You look a little shaky. I guess you had a good cum too." She said patting the bed beside her. She had a lopsided grin, like, 'Ha caught you, you naughty girl.' I pulled my shorts up and sat down beside her. 

She leaned over and kissed me lightly on my lips. I looked down and her hand was still resting on her pussy, her fingers wet and gleaming. The odors were intoxicating coming from her. The smell of her clean body, her perfume, and mixed with it all, the wonderful odor of a woman sexually aroused. My head swam from it. 

"I'll give you high marks on your selection of girl/girl movies. This is the best I've ever seen. Those two really make love to each other. They aren't acting. They seem to really love to make it with each other. I've borrowed it a couple of times, I didn't think you'd mind. I take it you like this too?" She asked softly, grinning at me. I nodded. 

She hesitated for a long moment, looking into my eyes. "Do you and Patty make it with each other? That's an awful personal question, I know, but if you do, I don't mind." She stroked my arm softly.

I hesitated, that was a really personal question. Sitting next to her, her sexual scent enveloping me, for some reason made me open up to her. "Uh, well, yes, we've been making it for almost a year." I managed to say. I looked into her lovely eyes wondering, before I finally managed to ask, "Did you ever make it with a woman? Or does just watching them turn you on?"

She laughed. "Well, one personal question deserves another. But, yes I have made love to several women. I really like it. I don't know if you remember Nan, you were pretty young the last time you saw her. She was married to a friend of your father from the service. While they were overseas, she and I lived in the same apartment building. We became very good friends, and one night we got a little drunk, and a lot horny and made love. We weren't good at it at first, but quickly learned how. 

"By the time the guys got back, we could really turn each other on. We didn't want to quit making it with each other. We were all partying one night, and we brought up the subject with the guys. We didn't tell them we were making it, but asked if men liked to see two women making love. They said 'yes' in a big way, and really got excited. It's seems to be a universal fantasy of men to watch that. 

"We all talked about it for a while, and as we had planned, they wanted us to make love together. We played it like it was our first time, and they loved it. We wound up having a foursome; we got fucked by both guys. From then on, any time Nan and I wanted to make it together, we did. The guys loved it. 

"If the guys weren't there, we'd tell them about it. It always ended up with us getting royally fucked, sometimes by both men at the same time. As a matter of fact, that was the way you came into this world. You are your father's child though. We were careful not to get pregnant by the wrong guy." She laughed still stroking my arm. 

I sat listening. I could feel the heat from her sexy body. I looked closely at her beautiful full breasts. I was fascinated by her long nipples and the huge areolas. Her breasts are a double D cup size, and with her lying down, they spread out into lovely rounded mounds. 

She caught my eyes looking at them. She laughed and cupped them lifting and moving them slightly. She pulled at the nipples, tugging them a little. "When you were born, you would suck on them and that was the most erotic feeling, your little lips pulling on my aching nipples. They would hurt till you sucked them, then it felt so good. The sensation seemed to go directly to my pussy. I'd hold you with one arm, and I'd get so hot, I'd rub my clit with the other till I came. 

"While you were still nursing and Nan and I were making love, she asked me to let her try tasting my milk. God, that was sexy, having her suck the milk out of my nipples while she and I made love. I didn't want to wean you, but I finally did. She loved sucking the milk out of them. I kept producing milk a long time after I weaned you, Nan nursed on them regularly. I had you on the bottle." She laughed and stoked her own breasts sensually. 

'Jeeze', I thought. My clit throbbed and my breasts seemed to swell, just thinking about it. My mouth watered and I wanted to reach over and kiss her breasts, and suck on her fantastic nipples. I wiggled and crossed my thighs and squeezed them. 

In the background Nina and Barbara still were making love, Barbara's tongue was licking Nina's perfect asshole, her finger sliding in and out of Nina's spread pussy. God, what an ass she has. 

"Damn, that gal can really make love." Mom said looking up. "Why don't you get up on the bed, get comfortable and get yourself off again. I'm getting horny again telling you all this, and watching those two tongue fuck each other. God, I miss that. It's been so long since I had a tongue in my pussy. A vibrator is nice, but a tongue is so much better. Right?" She asked, looking at me, her eyes dropping to my crotch. 

I could only nod. Shit, I was on fire again! I stood up and took off my clothes. I stood there naked, then walked around the bed and got in on the other side. Mom wiggled out of her peignoir, and tossed it aside, she lay back gloriously nude. She spread her thighs wide again and began to rub her clit. 

She looked over at me. "Baby, you are really beautiful. You have a gorgeous,really sexy body. Be glad you didn't inherit my big tits. They are just too big. Men love them, but they are a royal pain. You have such lovely smaller breasts. I like the way you have your pussy hair shaped. Did Patty do it?" 

I mumbled a "Yes." I spread my thighs too, looking over at her sexy pussy. I slipped a finger down and wet it in my abundant juice then slid it up to roll it around over my clit. Patty had clipped my pussy hair and razored it at the top in a perfect heart shape. She and I both shaved our pussies below, liking them bare. We shaved each other regularly, and usually wound up making love every time. My clit was swollen and aching again. God, I wanted a pair of sucking lips around it. I looked closely at Mom's pussy, where her fingers were playing over her clit. I gasped. It was the first good close-up look at it, and my mouth dropped open. 

She saw my look and laughed. "Go ahead, take a closer look at my clit. It's my pride and joy, next to you that is! It's given me a lot of pleasure over the years. Your father absolutely loved to suck on it. So has every woman who's ever seen it." 

I moved down in the bed and put my face close to her spread pussy. Her excited pussy odors enveloped me. It was beautiful. Open wide now, her pussy lips were glistening and wet. They were deep red, and swollen from her recent orgasm. She had her pubic hair trimmed in a bikini fashion, and she'd shaved the lower portion. Her inner lips are meaty and protruding, brownish folds, swollen with passion. At the center, her vaginal opening was deep red, gleaming with her juices, and folds of hot flesh leading to the center of her pussy, from where I had entered this world. A mature woman's sex organ, the first I had ever seen, so different from Patty, and mine, and so damn sexy. 

But at the top of her swollen inner lips was her huge clit. It was fully as large as the end of my middle finger and as long at the first joint, pink, rounded, swollen, and almost throbbing. My mouth immediately began to water. It cried out for my lips to love it and suck it. I was so close the wonderful smell of her aroused pussy filled my nostrils. Her perfumed thighs added their aroma. I trembled as I looked. 

"Didn't I tell you it's a beauty? It absolutely loves to be sucked." She whispered as her fingers played over it. She ran two fingers down into her wet center, then back up, gleaming to run over the swollen head again and again. She pulled upward a little on her pussy lips, and more of it seemed to peep out, pink and lovely. It gleamed with her slick juices. Her fingers moved faster, sometimes one on either side, then one over the center, circling, exciting that large clit head. I couldn't believe how erotic, how exciting this was. My hand went to my clit and I rubbed it frantically, wanting release. 

"Go ahead, cum, Baby. Cum watching me cum. Yes, Oh yes! Fuckkkk, I'm cummming. Oh, Baby, cum with me. Now, Baby, pleasssse nooooow!" She screamed. Her hips shot up, her hot perfumed skin touched my chin I was so close. Her other hand slid three fingers deep into her wet center, in one thrust. Her clit was right in my face, almost touching me, inches away from my mouth. 

I went crazy. I came, I exploded, yelling out, and in one frantic motion, my mouth was on, over, around her fingers and her clit, sucking, tonguing them, her clit, her fingers. She screamed too as she came, and suddenly her fingers vanished from her clit, and I had it between my lips, sucking, tonguing the swollen, huge clit. I tasted my Mother's wonderful pussy juices. Her clit was huge; my lips enveloped it, my tongue slid over its surface. I felt like I was sucking a small penis. My lips couldn't get enough of it. So sweet and delicious. The tasty morsel was mine and my lips devoured it. Her fingers were in my hair pressing me harder against her pussy. She screamed her ecstasy. Her hips pushed up against my face. 

Her other hand was pumping in and out beside my head, and my lips couldn't get enough of her firm clit. I sucked, I tongued it as hard and fast as I could. Her screams became a wail as I sent her upward to another climax, then another. My hand went wild between my legs on my exploding clit, driving myself from orgasm to orgasm. Our cries and screams were a cacophony of sound in the room where, on the TV screen, the two beautiful women were putting on the tamest of tame porn shows compared to what was going on in the bed across the room, as Mother and Daughter writhed on the bed in incestuous ecstasy. 

Our orgasms seemed to go on and on, till finally neither of us could stand another climax. I fell back beside her gasping for breath. She rolled over and pulled me against her. Her hand cupped my wet pussy, holding it, not moving, squeezing it gently. My head was on her heaving firm, hot breast, her wonderful perfumed scent filling my nostrils. Her hand went to my cheek stroking it. It was still wet from her pussy juice and I pulled it to my lips and sucked and licked each wet finger, licking her juices from them. She moaned against me.

"Oh, God, Baby. That was so wonderful. No one has ever made me cum like that. I went wild, I exploded. I've never felt anyone make love to my clit like you just did. Thank you Sweetheart. You are so wonderful. Ohhh!" she cried and her body gave a little shiver. "God, I just had another little cum. See what you do to me?" She kissed my lips softly and gently. Her tongue slid out and stroked my lips feather soft. 

I lay catching my breath, thinking what I had done. I'd just gone down on my Mother, sucked her clit, tasted her pussy. I shivered delightfully. I snuggled against her, pressing my breasts against her. Her body was so hot, so voluptuous. I kissed her lips and slid my tongue into her mouth. Her tongue slid over mine answering my every thrust, every sensuous move. 

I sucked on her tongue, thinking of her firm clit. The thought hit me; I wanted her tongue in my pussy. My clit swelled again. I had never been so hot. I moved my hand to her breast and stroked it and kneaded it. I broke our kiss and leaned down to kiss and lick my way down to her hard erect nipple. I wondered if it was ever soft and small. 

She hissed a "Yesss!" as my lips closed over it and I began to suck and nibble gently on it. I put my hands on either side of her large full breast and pressed inward, cupping the large mound, making the areola bulge against my mouth. I opened my mouth as wide as I could and took her large areola into my mouth. 

I sucked and pulled back, winding up sucking up along her long hard nipple over and over. Her nipple was so hard and long. Her flesh was so sweet and so soft. I tongued around and around the swollen brown circle, reveling in the taste, and the velvet soft feel of it. I reached for her other breast and felt her hard nipple against my palm. I caught it between my fingers and rolled it back and forth. She sighed and pressed me harder against her body. 

"Oh, Baby you've getting me so hot again. I want to make love to your sweet pussy. Let me love you for a while." She asked, thrusting her breasts against my mouth. "I want to kiss your sweet young pussy and tongue fuck you. You'd like that wouldn't you? I love to suck a sweet pussy and slip my tongue really deep inside it. I know so many ways of making love to your pussy. You'd like your Mother's lips sucking it, and her tongue in your pussy wouldn't you??"

"Oh yes, Mom. Eat me and lick me. I'm dying for it. God, you are so damn sexy and so beautiful. Eat me, eat my pussy. It's dripping. Ohhh, please." I cried out in anguish, my pussy aching for her kisses. I was amazed at how quickly she had kindled my desire again. 

My loving Mother kissed my lips then kissed downward to my breasts and began to lick and suck them. They are rather small rounded cones, pear shaped, but she soon had them swollen and aching. She sucked my nipples, nibbling on them till they were hard and erect. She licked my under breasts too, doing things to them Patty had never dreamed of doing. 

Her hands stroked, kneaded them making me squirm with pleasure. Her hands started at the bottom, cupping them then pushing inward and stroking upward. God, it felt fantastic. It was almost as she was trying to milk them. The blood flowed into them swelling them, making them hard and achy. Her lips sucked on the nipples and engorged areolas. Damn she was driving me wild, my own Mother!

She kissed her way down my body, slipping a tongue into my navel and sucking it till she moved down to my pussy. She licked my flesh, my thighs, the sensitive junction of my thighs and body. She had me sobbing as she moved closer to my pussy. 

She pulled back momentarily and I moaned. She grabbed a pillow, and I knew instantly what she was going to do. My blood boiled at the thought. I lifted my hips she placed it under my ass, raising it up so she could eat me - eat my pussy - my Mother. She kissed my thighs over and over, licking them, moving closer to my spread pussy. Her hands went to my thighs, spread them still wider, and pushed them outward till I was spread wide for her. 
