 It was August. We spent the morning packing the car. Our son, Mike was leaving for college. It was morning but already it was 90 degrees outside. Mike and husband, and I were getting pretty sweaty loading up the car. The trunk was already full and the back seat wouldn't fit much more. Mike went back in the house to get the last of his things. 

I heard him come out of the house. I turned around and saw him carrying his 42 inch flat screen TV.

"Where are you going to put the TV?" I heard his father ask.

"I don't know, but I don't want to leave it. Maybe we can move some stuff around in the back seat."

I looked in the back seat. "I don't think so, son." Mike looked in the car. "We can put it in the middle of the front seat."

"Ok, college man," I said. "Then where is your mom going to sit?"

I could see on his face he was trying to come up with a solution. "I got an idea," he said. He opened the passenger side door. He put the TV in the middle. He then got in and sat down. "See plenty of room. Here mom sit next to me." I tried to sit next to my son. I could sit in the seat, but the door wouldn't close. Now, I am not a big woman. I stand about five feet tall and I only weight hundred pounds. It was my son taking up all the room. He was already over six feet tall and weighed around two hundred pounds. "It's not me that's taking up all of the room, it's you. This isn't going to work. Tell you what, leave the TV and when we come to visit you we'll bring it with us."

"No way," he answered as I got out of the car and stood by the door.

"Make up your mind, Mike, it's hot out here." 

"Ok," Mike looked at me. "Ok, you can sit on my lap."

"Mike, it's a five hour drive to your college," his father said.

"I know, but mom doesn't weigh much. What do you say, mom. Would you mind sitting on my lap?"

'Ok, I'll sit on your lap. But if it gets too uncomfortable I want to stop at a rest stop." I said looking at Steve my husband. He agreed. "Ok, let's get our showers so we can get on the road."

My shower didn't take long. Since I would be sitting on my sons lap for five hours, I wanted to wear something real comfortable. My jeans would be too tight. Plus it was too hot to wear them. I looked in my closet. As I was going though my clothes I found a summer dress I brought. It was the short type with sleeveless arms. It buttoned up in the front. I unbuttoned it and put it on. When I finished buttoning it up, I noticed it showed my bra to much. I took it off again. I removed my bra and put the dress back on. I looked in the mirror. I really didn't need a bra. Even at thirty seven my tits were still perky. The dress was short. It only came to the middle of my thighs. I slipped on a pear of white panties. I took one last look in the mirror. I thought to myself. "For a mother of an eighteen year old son, I still looked good. I know my husband still likes what I look like. He tries to fuck me at least five times a week." I heard the car horn.

I ran downstairs, closed and locked the front door and headed for the car. My son was already in the seat. I sat down on his lap and swung my legs into the car. I looked down and notice my dress barely covered my thighs. It rode up pretty high. My son was wearing baggy shorts and a t-shirt. I closed the car door. 

I was glad I was wearing this dress. I could feel the back of my bare legs on my son's bare legs. "How are you doing?" I asked my son.

"Fine, mom, you really don't weigh anything. No problem."

I looked over the TV at my husband. "Do you have enough room to drive?" I asked him.

"Sure," he answered. I could only see his head. "Can you even see me?" I laughed. 

"Only your head, dear." Are you comfortable?"

I wiggled around on my son's lap. "Yea, I don't mind this at all."

I turned on the radio. As I was listening to the music. I started to feel something hard. I reposition my ass, but it didn't go away. I also noticed my son got real quiet. "It wasn't there when I first sat down." I thought to myself. Then I realized what I was feeling. My son was getting a hard on. I really didn't think about giving him a hard on by sitting on his lap. I could feel it still growing. "My god," I thought to myself. "How big is it going to get." I wondered what he was thinking. Does he think I can't feel it between the crack of my ass? I looked down at my legs. My dress had rose up a little more. I could almost see my panties. My son's hands was on the seat on each side of me. I wondered if he could see how high my dress had ridden up. I realized I like the idea of my dress being up so high. It gave me a little thrill knowing I could give my son a hard on. We only been on the road for about an hour. There was still four hours to go. I knew my husband couldn't see how high my dress was or he would be looking at my legs. The TV block everything from his view. I felt my son shift his body around. When he did his dick ended up on the back of my ass. I kinda wished he would try something. 

"How you doing back there, son," I asked him.

"I'm Ok, mom, how are you feeling?" 

"I like what I'm feeling," I answered him. "Are your arms getting tired where you have them?"

"Yea, it's a little uncomfortable,"

"Here try this to see if it feels better," I said as I took a hold of both of his hands and placed them on my bare thighs. "Is that better?"

"Yea, that's a lot better."

I looked down. When I put his hands high on my thighs, I put them palms down. His thumbs were resting on the inside of my thighs, very close to my panties. I liked what it looked like. I wished he'd move them up and touch my pussy. I knew he wouldn't. The more I felt his hands on me, the more I wanted him to feel me. I rested my hands on his. This seemed very innocence. I started rubbing the top of his hands. Just like any mother would, but I had something different in mind. I looked over at my husband. I liked the idea of my son's hands on me with my husband right there. As I rubbed his hands I tried to move them up my thighs just a little. He didn't give me any resistance. Now his hands were on my skirt with his fingers still on my bare thighs. I rose up a little so I could pull my skirt up a little. His hands moved with my skirt. I looked down and could see my panties. His fingers were so close to touching them. I raised his right hand and put it on my panties. He left his hand there. I spread my legs a little. When I did, his hand fell between my legs. I took a hold of his hand and pressed it against my panties. My sons hand was now on my pantie covered pussy. I could feel myself getting wet. I wanted more. When I removed my hand, he left his hand on me. He wasn't moving it around or anything. He was just letting his hands rest on my pussy. I waited for him to start moving his fingers. Nothing. Maybe he was afraid to. I knew how to fix that.

I took a hold of his hand and moved it up to the top of my panties. When I knew his fingers were above my panties, I pressed his hand against my body and slowly slid his fingers between my panties and bare skin. I kept moving his hand down until I could feel his finger tips just barely touch the top of my pussy lips. I pushed his hand down further. I couldn't get his hand all the way between my legs under my panties so he could feel my pussy. My panties were too tight for both of our hands. Finally I felt him try to move his hand further down so he could find my entrance. When I took my hand out from under my panties, my son left his hand on my pussy. I rose up my hips, hooked my thumbs on each side of my panties and pulled them down to my knees. As soon as I did this I felt Mike move his hand so he could get his fingers in me. My panties kept me from spreading my legs out for him to really get to feel me. Before I could move my hand to take my panties off, Mike used his other hand and started pulling them down around my ankles. I lifted up my leg so he could take them all the way off. I spread my legs as wide as I could. This was all he needed. I was so wet he sunk two fingers in me at once. I let out a low moan. 

"Are you OK?" my husband asked me. He was looking at me. I smiled and said," I'm OK; I thought it would be a problem sitting on my sons lap, but it really isn't. This isn't going to be so bad of a ride."

Here I was talking to my husband with my son's fingers in me. "How much farther until we stop?"

"I don't want to stop until I go a little further,"

"How about you Mike, can you go a little bit further?"

"Yea, mom. I can go a lot further,"

"Good," I answered. "The further we go, the better I like it."

That's OK with you, isn't it honey?" I asked my husband.

"Yea, I like the idea of not stopping." He answered.

I turned and looked at my son," Me to. I don't want you to stop."

"Mike?" my husband asked my son," How are you doing with your mom on your lap?"

"No problem dad, mom keeps moving around so one position doesn't get uncomfortable. She raises up every once in while to relief the pressure." As my son was talking to his dad, he was sinking his fingers even deeper in my pussy. 

Mike was starting to move his fingers in and out of me. I had to bite my tongue to keep from moaning. I pressed my hand against his. I pushed his hand hard into my pussy. I wanted him to know I wanted him to go deeper in me. He got the idea and sank his fingers in me as deep as he could. I started moving my hips to the rhythm of his fingers. I looked over at my husband. It was a good thing the TV was blocking his view. If he could see his son with his fingers deep in his mother's pussy, I don't really know what he would do. My whole body was starting to respond to his fingers. Without warning he pulled his fingers out of me. I felt disappointed. That didn't last long. My son started unbuttoning my dress. He started at the top button and was working his way down to the bottom button. As he was unbuttoning my dress I could feel the cool air from the car's air conditioner. It made my nipples even harder. I felt him unbutton the last button. He opened my dress. 

The front of me was totally naked for my son to do what ever he wanted to do to me. He started running his hands up and down my body. He started fondling both of my tits. He kept cupping them with his hands. I struck my chest out so he could press against my tits even harder. 

I raised my hips up and pulled my dress out from under my ass. My son understood why.

He lowered his hands to unzip his shorts. I had to rise up so he could get to his zipper. I heard him unzip his shorts. I still had his dick trapped under my ass. I raised my hips even more.

"Everything OK, honey?" My husband asked me. "Are you getting uncomfortable on our sons lap? Do you want me to stop so you can get more comfortable?"

As Mike pulling down his underwear, I felt his trapped dick release itself. I sat back down on him. His dick was pressing against the back of my naked ass.

"No, that's all right, dear. " If I move around just right, I think I'm going to get real comfortable. What about you Mike. Is there anything you need to do to get more comfortable? Is there anything you need me to do?"

Mike placed his hands on each side of my hips." If you would mom, raise up some so I can position myself better." I understood what my son was saying.

I raised my ass in the air as high as I could. I felt one of his hands come off of my hip. I knew what he was doing with it. I started lowering myself back down on Mike. I felt the head of his dick at my entrance. I lowered myself more. His dick easily slid in my pussy. As I was lowering myself on my son's dick, his dick was opening my pussy walls wide. I moaned. I couldn't help myself.

My husband looked at me. "Are you sure you don't want me to stop?" 

As I lowered myself until I felt my son's dick bottom out in my pussy. "No, no, don't stop, I want you to keep going. I'm good for the next half hour or so. What about you Mike, are you good for the next half hour?" 

"Yea mom, when you sat back down on me, I positioned myself so I would have no problem. I need to rise up for just a minute. Is that OK?"

"Do you want me to rise up with you?"

"No. just stay on my lap and I'll raise you with me." Saying that, my son raised his hips driving his dick deeper in me. I almost came right then. 

"Here, let me get a little more comfortable." I wiggled my ass back and forward causing his dick to move around inside me more. As I was riding my son's dick, I looked over at my husband. Mike was still pushing his dick in me as hard as he could. "If only he knew. Here I am naked, fucking my son with my husband right next to me. "How soon do you think we can visit Mike after he settles in his dorm?"

"Well with my work load it's going to be hard to get away, but it's not that long of a drive, you can visit him without me."

Talking to my husband with my son's dick in me, made me even hornier. "I understand, don't feel bad not coming each time I do. I'll come as much as I can. Is that OK with you Mike?"

"Mom, you can come as much as you want to. In fact, the more you come, the better I will like it." As he finished saying that he pushed hard in me. "How soon do you think you will come?" he asked me.

"Soon, Mike real soon,"

I started moving my ass back and forth on his dick. The only part of me moving was my ass. I kept my head still so my husband didn't catch on to what we were doing.

I felt an orgasm coming. I took Mike's hands off my hips and pressed them to my tits. My son's dick in me his hands on my tits were too much. I felt wave after wave hit me. All I could do was tense my body. It lasted a good thirty seconds. It was the longest orgasm I ever had. Exhausted I laid back on my son. He wasn't finished with me yet. He kept thrusting his dick in me. His legs went straight out. My son started shooting his cum in me. I could feel it filling me up. It felt very warm. I stayed still until he emptied his dick in me. Both of us were spent. 

"There's a sign stating there a place to eat about ten miles up the road. Are you guy's hungry? "

"Yea Dad, I could eat something," Mike said. I turned around and looked at Mike. He was smiling at me. "What about you Mom? Think you could eat something?"

"I'm pretty full, but I think I could eat a hot dog or something."

I bent over to pick up my panties that ended up on the floor mat of the car. When I bent over to pick them up, I felt my son's dick fall out of me. I put my feet though the pantie legs and pulled them up. Right before I pulled them over my pussy. My son reached over and struck his finger in me again. I gave him a playful slap on his hand. He took his finger out of me and I pulled my panties up. I started buttoning up my dress. I felt my son stick his dick back in his pants and zip up. 

"After we eat, how long of a drive do we have left?" I asked my husband.

"About two hours. Do you think you guys can manage that for another two hours.'?

"I know I don't mind," I told my husband. "If Mike can take it, I can sit on his lap for another two hours. What about you Mike. Do you mind your mom sitting on your lap for another two hours?"

"Well, the first two hours went pretty fast. I imagine the next two hours will go as fast or even faster."

"I thought at least one of you would be complaining by now."

"I don't have any complaints, Do you son?" 

"Mom I wouldn't complain even if the ride lasted longer."

Thank you son, I'll try and make the next two hours good for you."