 I sat in silence with my family eating breakfast. Everybody had different thoughts on their mind. My husband was flying out to Boston this morning for a week. My son and daughter were probably thinking of school. My thoughts carried me to that same time last night when my son asked me if I could pose for him, so he could take some pictures of his bike. How did he put it? He needed a babe in the picture with his bike. He was a teenager, barely turned 18, and his hobby was to ride motocross bikes. Last year me and my husband bought him a Honda bike. Since than, all his spare time was dedicated to that.

I agreed last night to pose for him. I thought it was important to him and it seemed harmless enough. That was before he told me that he wanted me to pose in a string bikini. I was so shocked, I didn't know how to answer, I didn't say anything as he walked away.

I didn't want to do it, it just didn't feel right, but I decided to go along as part of me deep down inside was saying go ahead. Every time I thought of posing in my bikini a small shiver ran through my body, an excitement I haven't felt in a long time.

My husband and I were not sexually active. We made love maybe once a month and it was usually too fast for me to have an orgasm. I masturbated when no one was around, but it just wasn't the same as doing something real, as having a real cock slide in and out of me.

I finished doing all my work that day and just tinkered around the house waiting for tonight. I realized that maybe I should shave down there, just in case my son wants to take a close shot of me and the bike, it would be embarrassing to have some of my pubic hair sticking out.

I got the razor out and somehow got a little overzealous, because soon, I had all my pubic hair completely shaved. My pussy was completely bald, felt smooth and I loved the feeling when I rubbed it with my hands. I ran my fingers down past my pussy and spread my legs open wide.

I felt my tiny little asshole and the area around it; it always felt so good to rub that dirty little spot. Feeling some hair there I decided to shave that too. I propped up the mirror and bending over with my back arched, looked behind.

My heart stopped and my pussy shivered. I was looking at myself from behind. My legs were spread wide apart, my pussy opened up and already wet, and nestled between my two round ass cheeks was my asshole.

I have never looked at myself that way before, but now I couldn't take my eyes off of it. The combination of my dark, wet pussy lips and that wrinkled hole above was mesmerizing. Slowly I picked up the razor and without taking my eyes off of my ass shaved every hair that was there.

It felt so naughty to run the razor in between my ass cheeks and down my crack. I was breathing hard and I noticed that my pussy juices were dripping and running down my thighs. Oh God, I was discovering a totally new side of myself.

When I was done with out changing position, I ran my fingers down the crack of my ass feeling the smoothness. I rubbed my asshole while pinching my nipples. I was surprised that the feeling was so much greater than just rubbing my pussy. It seemed like my legs opened up even more on their own, I was so spread, my finger rubbing my anal hole bringing me to a powerful orgasm.

I was lost in this moment, this sexual act, I felt my ass open and realized with shock that my middle finger was stuck deep inside my asshole and I was finger fucking myself. My body shuddered as a powerful orgasm swept over me. I collapsed on the bed, and let the wonderful glowing feeling envelop my body.

I rested, thinking of how good this felt as it was the first time I ever had anything in my ass. I was a little ashamed because of my upbringing and my religious beliefs, but I couldn't deny the feeling it brought me. It didn't hurt, it just felt good and it gave me the best orgasm I ever had before.

At dinner time my daughter told me she will be spending the night with her girlfriend and that she would go to school from her house tomorrow morning. I felt a little nervous, so during dinner I had several glasses of wine to make me relax. Before I knew it, I drank the whole bottle of wine.

When my daughter left my son asked if I was ready to pose. I was feeling relaxed with all the alcohol I drank and told him I would change and be right back. He said that we would do the shooting in the garage.

After slipping into my bikini, I looked at myself in the mirror. My heart stopped as I saw how much of my body I was showing. I gathered my strength and walked downstairs in my bathrobe. Tommy was already waiting near his bike and he had several lights set up around. His bike was the center of everything. "Hey mum, I'm ready, go ahead and stand in front of the bike" he told me. With my heart racing I moved over to the bike. I stood there looking at him still deciding if I should do it or not. "Well mum...you're gone have to take that robe off" he said looking at me innocently. I took a deep breath and took it off, throwing it to the side. I saw his eyes widen as he held his breath. 

Now I have nice breasts, they're about 36 DD, which are the cause of attention with a lot of men when I go out. They're natural and don't hang down. My son was snow staring at them which were covered only by two thin pieces of material. The material wasn't big enough, and all the sides were rolling out, bare for him to see. 

My bikini bottom was in no better shape. It was a triangle that covered my pussy and a tiny bit of the pubic area above it, but that's it. It was held together by strings that went high over my full hips. The material hugged my pussy tight and my son could see the outline of my mount with the gash in the middle.

Because of the alcohol, I was not thinking about it at the time. I was exited that he would take my pictures. I was ready for him.

"So how do you want me to stand, sweetheart?" I asked.

"just like that...spread your arms out...yeah"

He was snapping pictures as I held still. He was getting closer and closer to me and soon I felt that I was the center of his pictures not his bike.

"Mom can you put your foot on the foot peg and lean back"

I did as he said, which of course opened my legs, showing my son a little more of my crotch. As I leaned back my top rode up and I could tell my aureoles were showing. I saw his eyes get bigger and the camera pointing at my tits. I was intoxicated, my head was spinning and I didn't think straight enough to stop this.

"Mom this is perfect...spread your arms out...yessss...I have an idea" He said suddenly.

I looked at him already quite exited but trying not to show it.

"The bike is really steady, can you climb on top of it facing the back and lean back on the gas tank and handle bars? I want you laying on the bike facing back"

I though about for a minute. God this would be naughty, I would be laying back with my legs slightly spread. Just thinking about it was making my pussy wet.

"Ok honey, but you're going to have to help me get on top of it" I said eyeing the bike and best way to get up there.

My son quickly came up and grabbed my arm. Supporting myself with my other hand, I swooped my leg over the bike sitting down on the bike seat. Tommy's eyes were on my crotch, I could tell he was looking for a glimpse of my pussy. Suddenly I saw his eyes get wide and felt him hold his breath.

Alarmed I looked down at my crotch and saw that my bottom shifted slightly to the side and now raveled one of my pussy lips. Oh god, oh no, my son could see my pussy. I knew I had to quickly cover myself, but couldn't take my hands off the bike and Tommy in fear of loosing my balance.

"Tommy, I feel a little unsteady like this, maybe I should get down" I said nervously.

"Mom, you can hang on to sides of the engine to hold yourself steady" With that he placed my hand on the engine.

I grabbed on to it with both hands, as I felt my body sliding to the sides. Not being able to cover my pussy, I closed my legs together. Doing that I was loosing my balance, so I had to open them up. I soon found out that the further I spread my legs open, the easier it was to stay on top of my son's bike without falling. 

Soon my legs were spread open as if I was posing for a dirty magazine, but it was only to keep me from falling. God if I only didn't drink all that alcohol, I would have been more steady.

Click, click, click. I heard the camera snapping pictures, and saw my son in front of me zooming on my crotch. No, my mind screamed. Again I tried closing my legs but couldn't. My body was sliding off the bike. I ended up quickly spreading my legs, even further this time, to hold my balance.

"Tommy, I really have to get down" I said alarmed, but with no conviction.

The truth was I felt very sexually exited. Showing my body off to the camera was a huge turn on for me. It made me feel naughty, dirty and somewhat like a slut. As soon as I though of myself as a slut, my pussy flooded with juices. The secret fantasy I always masturbated to flooding my mind.

I looked down at my crotch again and saw that my bottom has moved completely to the side, exposing my pussy in its entirety. Exposing my wet, bold pussy to my son. Oh No... I looked up at him and saw he was only taking pictures of my pussy.

"Tommy...no...stop taking pictures" There was no use pretending he couldn't see my pussy.

"Mom it's OK, you look beautiful...and this is digital...we can erase these pictures at anytime" Snap, snap, snap.

He wasn't stopping. 

"Tommy, this is wrong...you can't do this, I can't do this...help me get down" I kept my legs spread open as I looked at him.

His soft dark eyes moved from my exposed wet pussy to my face. He looked at me, first time taking his eyes off my crotch area.

"Mom just a few more pictures...you look great...and I promise I'll erase these pictures as soon as we're done"

Oh god. I closed my eyes trying to think of a way to stop this and have him help me get down. Was I really trying to stop this? Slut...I'm being a slut for him...my son's slut.

A low moaned escaped my lips as my pussy quivered at the thought. I opened my eyes alarmed that he heard me moaning, but all my son was doing was taking pictures of my pussy.

He got closer and reaching out pulled on the strings tied at my hips. What?????? He wants to take my bikini bottom off????? No I can't let him, he's my son, this is so wrong!!!

"Tommy...No..." 

I barely heard my whisper. Why didn't I scream this out. Why didn't I jump off this damn bike? My mind was confused and drugged from the alcohol I drank. My body on the other hand wanted more attention. 

I was looking into his eyes, and he was looking into mine as his hands untied both sides of my bikini bottom. Why didn't I stop him? With my feet on both foot pegs of the bike, and my legs spread open, he reached out and hooked his finger under the material right at my pussy.

I shivered with excitement as I felt his finger touch my pussy lips. The touch was very brief as he pulled the material off of me. Without realizing it, I lifted my ass slightly off the seat so he could pull them from under me.

He stepped back looking at me. His eyes peeled to my crotch. I could barely breathe, my legs were trembling, and I could feel my pussy juices running out of my pussy and down to the bike seat below.

"Mom...you are so wet down there" He said as if he was looking at something for the first time in his life.

"Tommy...I need to get off this bike" 

Snap, snap, snap. He was taking pictures of me like that as if he didn't hear me. 

"Mom, lift your legs up for me" He looked up at me with a pleading look on his face.

"No Tommy...I can't...please...help me down"

"Please Mom"

My mind was in turmoil. I let my son see my pussy, my wet pussy. I was letting him take pictures of me that could be in an x rated magazine. Slutty pictures of his mom. God there was this SLUT word, why did it turn me on so much?

"Just promise me you'll erase these pictures right away" I looked at him breathing hard without changing position.

"I promise"

He was standing there looking like a little boy about to get a treat. I felt my body build up to a powerful orgasm, I couldn't stop it, I was about to cum in front of my son. I lifted my legs up and bent them at my knees. I spread my knees apart and brought them to my chest.

"Oh my god..." Snap, snap, snap.

I could only assume my son was now looking at my asshole. My god...my asshole. I closed my eyes as I felt my body shudder. The powerful feeling was overtaking all of my senses, making me scream. I actually heard someone moaning and realized that it was me.

Spreading my legs wide I held on as one of the biggest orgasms washed over me. It was longer than usual, taking several minutes from it's apex to the moment I actually could open my eyes and breathe.

I saw Tommy looking down at me, his camera in his hands. As soon as he saw me open my eyes, as if waking up, he started snapping more pictures.

My legs were shaking, I felt cum ozzing out of my pussy and running down to my asshole and than dripping down to the seat below. I was a mess. Holding on to the bike with one hand I reached down and felt my clit and pussy lips with my fingers. 

I felt my clit was enlarged and my lips swollen. Snap, snap, snap. My son just wouldn't let up. I couldn't hold on any longer. 

"Tommy, help me down..." I said.

He knew I meant it. Quietly he put his camera down and grabbed my hand. Holding on to him I swung my leg over and slipped off the bike. I landed right in his arms, weak from the orgasm. I felt his hand on my ass as he was holding me up.

"Tommy...let me go" I said in a weak voice.

He slid his other hand down and grabbed both of my ass cheeks. I felt his fingers digging deeper into my ass crack. 

"Tommy that's enough...please" I pushed him away.

"And erase those pictures...now" 

I watched as he thumbed through he camera settings.

"Ok it's done" he said after a while.

"Tommy, I'm going to bed...and like we said...not a word to anyone"

I left the garage and went up to my bedroom. My mind was in turmoil, thinking of what I have done, of how different the relationship with my son has now become. The quilt was tugging at my brain, but the memory of the most intoxicating orgasm was so much stronger. I rolled up in a ball falling asleep in my bed.

The next few days I felt pretty guilty for permitting the incident to happen. How could I have done this? I kept asking myself. After all, I was the parent, I was the adult. I've broken the trust we have had between us.

Finally I couldn't stand it anymore. I took the opportunity when no one was home but me and Tommy.

"Tommy we need to talk"

"Yes Mum, what's up" He said looking at me, his eyes starting at mine and slowly running down and resting on my tits.

"Tommy, what I've done is wrong, I should never have allowed you to take those pictures of me" I said surprised at his boldness of looking at my tits.

I had a modest blouse on that buttoned up the front; with top two buttons undone, revealing some of my cleavage. My husband didn't even notice that this morning.

"Why Mom, you look beautiful, there is no other woman that could compare with you" He said with so much conviction in his voice that I knew he really meant it.

"Thank you son and you were a great photographer, but I'm your Mom, and Mothers shouldn't show their sons as much of herself as I've shown you"

We were sitting at the kitchen table beside each other. His eyes were constantly wondering to my cleavage and tits making me exited from the attention he was paying them. Just the fact that someone was looking at me in that way was exiting.

"Well you didn't show me everything...I still haven't seen your tits" 

"Tommy..." I gasped, my face turning red.

"Oh, I'm sorry mom...but I can see...I mean imagine that they're great...but I would really like to take pictures of them Mom...please"

I was surprised at how up front he was. I didn't know what to say, but I knew that I needed to take his mind off of my body. My body on the other hand reacted as soon as he said tits and pictures. My pussy quivered and started getting so moist.

"Tommy, I don't think that's proper..." I started saying.

Proper? Why didn't I tell him NO! He was still looking at my tits and I saw his tongue come out to wet his lips.

"Mom, I'll be right back, I'm going to get the camera" He ran off up the stairs.

"Tommy, no, I will not!" I yelled after him.

I felt perspiration on my neck and brow. This wasn't going how I have planned. I wanted to break this crazy fetish off and here I was about to let him take more pictures of me.

He came back downstairs in a hurry holding the camera and positioning himself in front of me, on his knees, ready to take the pictures.

"Tommy, please put this away" I said in a weak voice.

Snap, snap, snap. I was sitting on the chair, looking at him as he was taking pictures.

"Mom, can you unbutton another button on your blouse?"

"No, I said to put this away" I said smiling.

"Come on Mom, I'm not going to stop until you do" Snap, snap, snap.

"Ok, but than we're done" 

What harm could that do, I thought to myself. I unbuttoned another button reviling more of my cleavage. Looking down I saw that the globes of my tits were showing. My son now positioned himself low on the floor, almost laying down. From this angle he could probably see up my skirt. I kept my knees together just in case, looking down at him.

"Tommy, that's not a position a son should take pictures of his Mom from"

"Yeah, but not everyone has a beautiful Mom like you" He said snapping more pictures.

I liked that response, I liked the fact that he loved taking pictures of me. I leaned back enjoying the attention. I could feel my body getting warm, and pussy moist.

"Mom can you just unbutton your blouse all the way, it would be a very nice picture"

"No Tommy, I can't...remember, I'm your MOM, besides...I'm not wearing a bra"

I could tell that those words stirred up excitement in my son. Snap, snap, snap. I looked down at the obvious bulge in his pants, amazed at the size. God, he must be pretty big, I thought licking my lips.

"Just unbutton it, and you can keep your tits covered. Come on Mom...I need these pictures" He pleaded.

"Ok, but nothing more than that" Oh god, what am I getting myself into here, I thought unbuttoning the last of the buttons.

I separated my blouse to the point that the edges of the material were held on my tits only by my very erect nipples, giving my son a view down the middle of my chest and my full globes. I looked back at him, my lips dry and my heart pounding in my chest. 

"Oh Mom this is great, I love it...now put your hands on the table and spread them wide"

I spread my hands wide on the table leaning back. As I did that, I felt my blouse start to slide to the sides. Was that his intention from the beginning? And why not, why shouldn't I show him my tits? He already saw my pussy, my pussy and my asshole.

"Ok Tommy...but please...please erase these pictures too" I couldn't believe how exited I was getting.

I decided to go with it, but keep it in check. I wouldn't go as far as I did the other day, if things would get out of hand I would just get up and walk away. I arched my back and stuck my chest out.

Snap, snap, snap. My son was now taking pictures of my bare tits; my blouse completely fell to the sides. God just the thought of exposing myself in front of my son was a big turn on.

"Mom, Jesus your tits are gorgeous...can I...can I touch them?" He said unsure looking at me.

"No Tommy...I shouldn't even be letting you take these pictures" I replied not very convincingly.

The truth was I really wanted him to touch them. Snap, snap. He was getting closer and closer with the camera. He came up to my knees and rested his hands with the camera on top, snapping pictures of my tits.
