 Tara Bridges opened the door to her new apartment and breathed a sigh of relief. "Finally," she thought, "Time to relax..."

The room had the scent of freshness about it, a nice change from the heavier, musty smell of her old apartment. Tara held a cardboard box with all her more intimate belongings – the kinds of things she wouldn't want the movers to find if they 'accidently' took a peek inside the box labeled "PERSONAL" with large black marker.

"That'd give them too much of a thrill," Tara smiled to herself as she surveyed her new surroundings. She found the apartment a few days before, and immediately she knew she had to have it. The hardwood main floor opened up into a spacious living room from which connected a small white kitchen complete with dividing counter-space. A bathroom with shower and bathtub were opposite, and nearby led into her new bedroom – white walls and spacious floor waiting to be filled. Tara stepped into the empty bedroom, the "PERSONAL" box cradled in her arms.

The movers weren't due to arrive for another hour, and in the meantime Tara had little else to do. She had taken the day off of waitressing at the coffee house so she could set up her new apartment, and without her computer to update her blog or even a couch to daydream on she had nothing left except to wait for the rest of her things to come in. 

Tara looked down at her box and stroked the edges pensively. "Hmmm, I guess it wouldn't hurt..." she murmured. She glanced around the empty apartment, a grin tugging on the corners of her mouth. "I'll just take a peek till those guys get here..."

She closed the door to her new bedroom and sat down, placed the box between her legs, and opened it. Inside she found a few of her tank tops, tight blue jeans, mid thigh-length skirts, thin socks, and other bits of clothing. Tara wore those kinds of clothes whenever she could – her more-than handfuls of breasts felt so snug in her tight tank tops, and her jeans hugged her ass perfectly. Others definitely noticed as she sauntered along the streets in a short skirt or while she was waitressing, hips swaying and breasts jutting. Their attention always had a way of making her smile.

But that was just a cover for her real treasures. Pawing aside the upper layers of clothes, Tara pulled out a lacy pink thong. The dainty thing wrapped around her fingers like a silky string, and she sighed – She hadn't gotten to wear it for anyone lately. Her work demanded most of her time, and combined with the rigors of being an aspiring author and maintaining an online blog for the masses, she was just too busy to find herself some guy to show off how sexy she looked with a little pink thong on - and nothing else.

"Oh well," Tara thought with a shrug, "I know I'll still enjoy it."



With a catish grin Tara stood up and slipped off her white panties. The change was easy since she wore a short skirt with her tight t-shirt, and when the thong slid up and around her ass she felt a little jolt run through her. She could remember posing in them before for one of her boyfriends – and the pictures of that little photoshoot she still kept in her scrapbook.

Her still-warm panties found a place in the box and were buried again as she sat and dug deeper. She touched the soft leathery corner of her personal scrapbook. "Gotcha!" she pulled out the small tome and set it onto her lap. The plain cover hid the pages and pages of pictures Tara had found in her explorations into the darker side of the internet. 

Halfway through she found the high-resolution black-and-white photographs she adored, the ones with a pair of red lips barely touching the head of a stiff cock or a woman pushed down onto a plush bed by a man taking her from behind. Often she had fantasies develop around these pictures, ones she typed down for her blog – ones she brought with her to bed late at night. She looked at a picture of a tall strong man holding a limp and naked girl in his burly arms, his face hidden by the shadow as he held his prize before him. Claimed by him.

Inspired, Tara put the book aside and rummaged around some more in the box. At the very bottom her fingers brushed by something firm and long – just what she was looking for. She pulled out her hidden toy, a rabbit vibrator, squeezing the firm yet yielding gel shaft into her palm and stroking the clit stimulator in slow deliberate circles.

"Hmmm... If only you were real..." Tara mused, stroking her finger down and over the bulbous head. She imagined it belonging to the strong man in the photo, tall and fit, his cock ready to fuck her at just the sight of her shaking her ass in her pink lacy thong. 

"Mmmm..." She thought of how he would want her so bad that she would feel it in his gaze, feel it in his grip around her waist, and that he wouldn't hesitate to push her to the floor and take her like an animal. Her panties were getting moist at the thought, and when she lifted up her little skirt she could see the light pink fabric darkening with her juices...

Tara began to move the toy along her wet pussy, a little tease as she imagined the man rubbing his cock up and down her aching slit. "Naughty girl, getting fucked on the bedroom floor..."  She pulled her panties aside, imagining her dainty hand was his instead, pulling away the light protection of fabric with rough and powerful fingers that grazed her soft inner thighs. She could see his muscles tensing, readying to thrust inside her hot and ready pussy as she pressed the toy into her tight pus-

*KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK*

Tara shoved the dildo under the clothes in her box along with her scrap book and jumped to her feet in half a second, her heart pounding as she rearranged her panties over her frustrated sex.

"Shit, the movers," Tara thought, "They must have come early!" Carefully, she smoothed her skirt down over herself and brushed at her bedhead hair with her hand before stamping to the door. "God damn, they were supposed to be here in an hour... ughhhh!" Tara gripped the knob and threw open the door, but her glare melted. Three men stood in the doorway, looking down at her.

"Are you Tara Bridges?" The man in front asked.

"Yeah... That's me..."

"Looks like you have some furniture to move in," The man looked down at his clipboard, "Single-piece couch, table, some dining room chairs, queen-sized bed plus headboard, and assorted cardboard boxes – Is that right Miss Bridges?"

"Umm, yes, that's right."

"Alright then," He looked back and motioned to his two partners who disappeared down the steps, "My associates will start moving up your things while you show me where you'll have them."

Tara stared at the man blankly for a moment before starting, "Uh, Sure! Yes, thank you! I, well, let me show you around then!" She quickly turned back around, trying to hide her warming face. 

"Oh my God! They are sooo hot!"

Tara gave the foreman a tour of her apartment, glancing back at him constantly. She pointed to one corner of the living room and the other, her eyes scanning over his muscled arms and strong chest whenever he pointed in turn. They were no doubt developed from his job lifting furniture all day, she thought. Then she led him through the kitchen and into the bedroom, ushering him in before her so she could check him out from behind. She rubbed her thighs together when she saw his ass and legs, his body so taut and developed that she could see it through his pale shirt and blue jeans. When he turned to the side to look over the room, her eyes immediately fell down to his crotch, which bulged even then with his manhood.

"Pretty big, isn't it?" He said.

Tara jumped, her face red. "W-what?"

"No problem – we can fit your bed in here just fine," He continued looking around the room as Tara let out a little puff of air that had gotten caught in her chest. "I've got to get myself a boyfriend with a cock like that... God, I'm too horny right now for my own good..." Tara reflected, trying to keep her eyes off the foreman's package. She kept glancing back despite her best efforts.

There was a shuffling in the living room. Tara looked around and saw the other two moving men, quite buff and toned almost as much as the foreman, carrying her large couch in as easily as if it were an empty cardboard box.

"Where'll we put it?" One of them asked. 

"Mmm, the places you men could put it..." Snapping out of her lusty daydreams, Tara managed to point, "Um, right there is good for now."

The two men put the couch down and went back downstairs while the foreman stayed with Tara. Her knees were feeling weak just by standing next to the man. She could feel his heat even from a foot away.

"This is a pretty nice apartment you've got," he said, "Excited about moving in?"

"Oh yeah - yeah, I'm pretty excited," Tara replied.

"We're usually having to move refrigerators and cabinets and cat trees for little old ladies that smell like mothballs, so this'll be a nice change of pace for once."

Tara laughed, "Mothballs?"

He smiled, "Yeah – could hear 'em rattling around in everything we were moving. Couldn't get the smell out of my clothes for days."

"Haha, well I don't think you'll have to worry about picking up a bad smell here – no mothballs or cats for me!"

"I'll take your word for it. Seems to smell rather nice in here, actually," he flashed Tara a sidelong glance. She felt herself blush even harder.

"So, uh, what's your name?" Tara suddenly found the need to brush her hair back and study the hardwood floor.

"Name's Roy, Miss Bridges," he said.

"Ah, then you can call me Tara, Roy," she extended her hand politely.

"Well then Tara, it is a pleasure to meet you," he reached forward and took hold of her hand. Tara watched her dainty hand disappear in his firm, electric grasp. They shook, he barely moving yet Tara felt his strength all through her arm. She thought her knees might buckle.

She was relieved to hear the two other moving men enter the living room again. "Roy," said one of them with a box under each arm, "in the time you've spent talking up the pretty lady you could've emptied out half the truck!"

"Yeah," the other grunted as he set down a large box, "bet she's tired of you trying to oogle the goods instead of helping us move 'em!"

Tara really blushed then, but Roy just laughed, "Alright, alright, I'll help you pansies out," he turned back towards Tara and hiked his thumb over his shoulder, "See what I get to work with? They still won't forgive me about those mothballs." Tara smiled, and Roy turned around and disappeared out the door.

Tara felt much better about being interrupted then – this show was better than photos for sure! Tara leaned in the bedroom doorframe with her arms crossed under her breasts, watching the men work. Steadily, the bare apartment filled with her things – lamps, chairs, rolled up carpets, and countless cardboard boxes.

The two other men trudged into the room with her heavy computer desk between them as Roy brought up two large boxes perched on either shoulder. Tara noticed the other men were more heavily built than Roy – they were stockier, their legs and arms knotted with muscles, while Roy's build was more lengthy and toned. Tara couldn't keep her eyes off them, and her thoughts drifted to how they would look without their grey work shirts covering their sweat-slick chests...

Tara was snapped out of her reverie as Roy approached. The other men thumped her refrigerator down behind the kitchen counter, and the rest of the room was filled with her things already.

"So," Roy said, "That seems to be just about everything, Miss Tara Bridges. Just the bed left to move in, but that shouldn't be a problem" His confident voice made Tara melt. It was the kind of voice that Tara imagined whispering in her ear on her many boyfriendless nights...

"Really? I thought I had more things..." "Damn it, I wish I had more!" Tara entertained the idea of taking a hasty trip to the furniture store – she was sure they were on the brink of taking off their shirts for real.

"Nope, though I wouldn't mind if you did have more," He stretched his arms out and rolled his head, "It's not every day we get to work for such a lovely lady as yourself."

"Hehe, thank you. I try to be pretty, ya know?" She felt giddy around Roy – he'd be populating her fantasies for nights to come, she was sure.

"Naw, you don't have to try I'd say," he looked around the freshly moved-in bachelorette's apartment, "I suppose your boyfriend will be bringing over his stuff pretty soon, eh?"

"Boyfriend? Ha! Haven't had one of those for awhile," Tara said, with just a hint of bitterness. Sex was so hard to come by since her last boyfriend, and her fantasies could only go so far to satisfy her. "Maybe you can ask your girlfriend to find me one, hmm?"

Roy laughed, "No girlfriends for me. I like to keep things pretty simple, and not just any girl will do. But you should be having tons of guys falling over themselves trying to get to you!"

Tara shook her head, "Mm-mm. Maybe none of them are brave enough to just come and get me."

"Oh, don't be too sure," Roy said, "I'm sure someone is going to catch you fairly soon, Tara." 

Tara smiled – she was hoping he would ask for her number, but she heard the thumping steps in the hallway again.

"Looks like they've got your bed. I should probably go help them – they'll get cranky if I don't." Tara opened her mouth but Roy dashed out the door before she could say anything. "Damn," she huffed, smoothing out her skirt for the second time that night.

The three men entered Tara's apartment carrying her great bed between them and trudged into Tara's bedroom. She followed after, eager to see the burly men working for her again. They grunted and strained, muscles tensing and rippling, all for little Tara's benefit... The thought made her rub her legs together – she stepped behind her large bed sheet box as she felt herself getting hot again.

They positioned the bed with a loud thump. Somehow they were able to bring the large bed all up in one piece, a feat which further impressed Tara. All three men left the room again, Roy giving her a final sidelong glance as he walked out the door. She looked on, not wanting them to be leaving so soon, and pulled her black sheets from the box.

"God..." She breathed, reveling in how those men hoisted her huge bed into her apartment, along with all her other things. Soon her dark sheets were lain out over the bed, as well as her pillows – A soft black island in a pale white room. Tara heard front door close firmly and heavy familiar footsteps thumped through into her living room. They were discussing something in their low voices, Roy's more boyish-tone distinct from the deeper tones of his associates. "Oh, they'll be put to better use than moving my stuff soon enough", she thought, rubbing her legs together, "if only just for me and my little toy..."

She sat at the foot of her bed and her mind wandered. Her mind flashed with short visions of hot and heavy sex, of strong men forcing her against her soft sheets, pressing her face into the pillows as they took their turns fucking her long and hard. Big strong men, like the ones in her living room right then... The movers were surely not helping her get over her horniness, and Tara felt like if she didn't get some relief soon she might very well make her fantasies a reality. Her hand crept up her inner thigh, wishing somehow she would get more than just fantasies tonight...

There was a polite, deep cough at the open bedroom door. Tara jumped to her feet, noticing only now that the movers had stopped talking. They stood inside her bedroom's doorway, Roy in front with arms crossed. They were grinning as she hastily straightened out her skirt, a blush crossing her face.

"All moved in, Tara," Roy announced, and Tara nodded quickly.

"T-thanks guys, you helped me out a lot!" Tara said, wondering if they had seen her hand under her skirt.

"Now, about our payment..." Roy said.

"Oh, right..." Tara said, "Let me just get my checkbook..." She stepped towards the doorway somewhat slowly. She was beginning to think of ways to keep them around – invite them to stay for coffee, or to move in just one more piece of furniture that she hadn't quite bought yet, or - 

But Tara didn't have the chance to think. The door slammed shut before she got there.

"Not that kind of payment, Tara."

She stopped. "Um, do... do you guys only take cash then?" 

This time they all laughed - strong hearty laughs. "Oh no, we're not going to take money from you, Tara." Roy said, stepping forward, "I discussed it with my boys, and we all agreed that we'll be taking something else tonight..."

Tara felt very small before the wall of muscle-bound men, "W-what will you take then?" She asked, backing up slightly. There was nowhere to go. A knowing chill ran up her spine. Roy grinned.

"You."

The men were on Tara in an instant – their strong hands grabbing her arms, roving up her legs, fondling her breasts. She couldn't even let out a yelp– her lungs were paralyzed around her terror-chilled heart. The men pawed her inner thighs, over her taut belly, down her back, up her neck, around her breasts – petting her whole transfixed body through her clothes.

"Oh god! What are they doing!?" Tara panicked. Their hands were so hot, and they pinched her ass and grabbed her breasts so forcefully, so eagerly. Tara tried to cross her legs, but powerful fingers pried between her tightened thighs anyway.

"Stop!" Tara cried out, "Get off me!"

Her protest fell on deaf ears. They boys had found their new toy. Roy spoke behind her, his chest pressing against her back. 

"I told you Tara, I don't settle for just any girl. And it seems like you do want this..." She felt his hand slide up her thigh till it disappeared under her skirt. She jumped as his hot fingers ran across her hot, moist thong.

His chuckle reverberated through Tara's light frame, "I think you want this more than you're ready to admit!" He stroked along her wanting slit, and Tara's knees nearly buckled as she let out an involuntary moan. 

"N-no! Get away from me!" Tara began to struggle, to break free from the groping men. But they were too strong for her, and it goaded them on. They lifted Tara's arms up and peeled off her t-shirt. Her skirt slid down her legs and pooled on the floor. Tara stood between them, only her lacy bra and pink thong to protect her. Their rough hands touched bare skin as she vainly tried to cover up and push them away.

Roy's voice played in her ear. "It's been awhile since we had an employer as sexy as you, Tara..." A hand grabbed her bare ass as another grasped one of her laced breasts, "or as ready to get fucked. We're pretty pent up, you know..." With a click, her bra went slack and fell to the ground. Roy cupped her bare tits from behind before she could cover them herself. 

"Mmm, that feels so good..." Tara thought, despite her fear. Her alarmed gasp turned into a moan as those rough fingers toyed with her hardening nipples... "NO!" she back-thought, "What am I thinking!? I won't let them rape me!!" Her heart pounded in her chest, but she couldn't tell if it was from terror, or excitement.

"You're not going to fuck me, Roy!" She yelled, her heart jolting at the thought of Roy and the men taking her. She redoubled her struggle, trying to land a kick on the men holding her. They simply pressed closer.

"But of course I am, Tara. We all are..." The foreman replied as more rough fingers slid under her minute throng strings. The fabric clung to her sex before peeling away and dropping to the ground at her kicking feet. The three men felt in turn between her legs. Tara tried to lock her thighs in vain. No doubt they felt how wet she was getting, she knew. Tara felt her thighs loosening to let their pressing touches in despite herself...
