 My wife and I have been married for 25 years – she is 45 and I am 48. It took a little red skirt to bring us the sexual adventure of our lives.

For our anniversary just over last autumn , I bought her a gold bracelet and booked a short country house break but as a fun present for me she ordered a short tight red mini skirt from a mail order company. I wasn’t to know how much of a “fun” present it would turn out to be although the first time she modelled it with a pair of lacey topped stockings I could see the real potential.

Babs is blonde with an almost perfect hour glass figure 39c 29 40 , with shapely legs and a very ripe rear and this skirt showed legs, thighs and rear off to perfection. It was the shortest skirt she had worn for over 20 years and in certain lights one could see the suspender belt and creamy thighs and buttocks through the taut material. I enjoyed seeing her in it privately and was rather vicariously thrilled at the idea of seeing her wear this in public. 

We enjoy walking holidays and we booked into a large country house hotel that we had stayed in some years ago in the lake district. Babs promised that if it was as quiet as it had been previously she would wear the red skirt for me in public as well as in private.

When we arrived late afternoon we were very disappointed to see two tour buses in the car park as we had hoped for a quiet, intimate and exciting weekend. When we went to recce in the bar we found that they belonged to a pensioners outing and my hopes of seeing Babs in public in the red skirt disappeared.

We agreed that it wouldn’t be appropriate to wear the skirt in a restaurant and bar full of pensioners but she did surprise me by saying she would wear a white rather transparent top without a bra albeit with a jacket over it for discretion.

I was delighted with her look when I saw her getting ready for dinner in skin tight black stretch trousers that emphasised her rear, thighs and pussy lips! Her top was fantastic being skin tight and slightly fitted under the bust to push up and present her 39s and emphasise her nipples and large dark aureoles. It wasn’t quite as good as the red skirt but it came a close second.

Her smart black jacket meant that she looked reasonably discreet at first sight and she said if the restaurant was darkish she could take it off and let me lust after her.

The bar was fairly crowded , as we had booked to go in after the bus tour crowd, but when the waiter advised us our table would take about 20 minutes we went up and sat at the only vacant stools at the bar. I noticed the young barman, a dark skinned guy in his early twenties, do a double take at Babs breasts as she climbed up on the stool and the jacket fell apart a bit, and when I told her this she gave him a bigger eyeful when he came back with the drinks, by pulling down her top and pushing out her breasts.

She seemed determined to enjoy herself and she had three large G&Ts before we went in to dinner. 

The waiter, a young English guy again in his early twenties, led us to a good table in a darkened corner and when I jokingly offered to take her jacket she said why not and I noticed that he also stole a glance at the large unbraed orbs as I took her jacket off. When he came back to take our order he couldn’t take his eyes off them. 

When I suggested that she would have been giving the waiter and bar man wet dreams that night Babs, refused to believe it saying she was old enough to be their mother. So when most of the bus tourists had retired to the bar, and Babs got up to go to the loo and went to put on her jacket. I suggested that she go as she was and see if the waiter displayed any interest. 

As she went towards the loo with the big unfettered breasts bouncing he was coming towards her with some coffee for a neighbouring table and I saw him grab an eyeful and then turn round to watch her big jutting rear disappear through the door. I noted that he engaged the couple that he was serving in conversation until she came out see he could see her again.

She did admit that he seemed interested but claimed it was probably because he didn’t see many women of her age braless. To prove a point I said I would go out to the loo so she could order a Tia Maria from him and see how interested he was

When I came back she was flirting outrageously with him with her hand on his arm and the pair of them were laughing. When I asked her did she now agree that he fancied her ,my erection rose when she said – “ mmmm from the bulge in his trousers I think he does.” When I asked her did she fancy him I was slightly shocked when what I considered to be my rather reserved wife say “ mmmm he is cute with a nice little ass and an interesting bulge but I think I would prefer the bar man I’ve always had a thing about darker skinned men”.

When we went out to the bar most of the pensioners had gone to bed but Babs suggested sitting at the bar. I thought she had been joking about the barman but I wasn’t sure when I went out to get a bottle of water from the car and found that she had taken off her jacket and was giving the bar man a good display of her breasts.

She introduced me to Henri, the bar man who was Moroccan, and apparently the waiter was James . Henri admitted that with the hotel being on the moors and usually having a pensioner clientele, James and he had found things in the hotel were rather dull but as the bar usually closed at 11 o clock they were able to seek their fun in the nearby town of Kendal..

Just after 11.00, whilst I was interested to see where Babs might go with her flirting, I was tired from our travel and suggested that we go up. She suggested that I should go up while she finished her drink. 

It was about 20 minutes later that she came up and when I asked her what the delay was , she smiled and said the waiter and Henri had insisted on buying her a drink and that I had been right about them fancying her because when she had got up to go the loo she had heard them commenting on her rear and boobs. When she had come back she had told them she had heard them discussing her figure, both had flushed - even Henri with his dark skin. She told them that it was highly good for her ego too such attractive young guys finding her attractive and they admitted that they found her very attractive.

They had tried to persuade her to have another few drinks but she thought it wiser not too. When she had got up to go both had given her a peck on the lips in turn, and when they did so she had felt their hard erections against her.

When I asked her what would have happened if I hadn’t been there, she smiled and said “I don’t honestly know but it might have been fun”. When I queried “with both of them” she grinned and said “possibly”. 

This was the first time in 25 years of marriage that Babs had expressed interest in having sex with anyone other than me but to my surprise I wasn’t jealous but extremely aroused at the thought of my blonde wife with these two young guys and especially with the dark skinned arab type guy. She too was obviously turned on by the idea and when I rather crudely said so you would have let the two of them f*** you, she admitted that the thought of “ taking two young cocks” did turn her on. For the first time in our married life our sex was fuelled by “ dirty talk” as we fantasised about her being ridden by two young guys.

The next morning she was rather contrite as we did a few miles walk before coming back to the hotel for a drink. However after a few drinks she was quite relaxed and was soon chatting away to Henri.

That night she again wore a pair of tight black suede trousers and a black transparent top albeit with a lacey bra beneath. By the time we came out of the restaurant after a good meal and a couple of bottles of wine, at just before 11, the bus crowd had rather disappeared and Henri informed me that as he was doing night porter as well would we mind him closing the bar as he wanted to do some paperwork in the office. If we wanted anything further to drink he could always get it for us. I ordered a couple of doubles and we settled down to drink them at a table overlooking a superb moorland view.

Babs asked me to get another drink from Henri for us, as she wanted to pop up to the room for something. When I went to get him from the office he was chatting to the waiter James, and said he would come down to the bar in a few minutes. He had just gone in to the bar to get the drinks when I saw Babs coming across the lobby dressed to kill in her see through top without the bra and in her very, very short red skirt and black stockings and five inch heels. 

When Henri came out of the bar with the drinks his eyes were on stalks and even more so when she said “ darling get me another large G&T I feel like a few drinks tonight.”

While I carried the drinks across to the table and he went back to open up one section of the bar, I was shocked but extremely turned on to see her sit down, cross her legs and let the skirt ride up to show her lacey stockings tops and a bit of creamy thigh. When Henri brought the drinks I saw his eyes flick over her and he lingered to say he had some work to finish off but he would come back to check if we wanted more drinks.

When he went, she smiled and said “ well how do you like your anniversary present” I smiled and said probably about as much as he did!! I asked her did she realise the two guys would be about when she came down and she said “ genuinely no, but do you not think it adds a little bit of frisson to me wearing this.”

When I asked her did she not mind guys seeing “ what she had” she said she had never thought that she would enjoy it, but she had enjoyed seeing the guys lust over her the previous night. I had drunk enough to say “ and what about more” she grinned and said “ that’s up to you”. When I pushed and said “would you really think about doing something about it.” She teasingly said “ your anniversary present, you decide what you want to do with it.”

We had our drinks and she informed me she was going to the loo and to order her another drink. When I watched the big hips swaying out to the lobby all I could think about was on taking advantage of an opportunity for a real sexual adventure.

My cock was at bursting point and I could hardly speak when I went up to the office to ask Henri to get another drink and I invited James and he to join us. By the time, Babs came back through the lobby we were sitting with our drinks and six eyes were watching her progress. I had never been so excited than to see the guys quite literally drool over my wife’s big bouncing breasts and ripe thighs and when she sat down and very slowly and deliberately crossed her legs to flash acres of thighs, I felt my hands shaking as I took my drink.

The conversation flowed with the drink and it appeared no one was certain where things were going. Then Babs got up to go to the loo again and as she did - she did a twirl and said “ Guys what do you think of his anniversary present” – when they looked at her quizzically she said “I bought this gear for his anniversary present but its only the wrapping, the real present is inside and what he wants to do with it!

As she strode off, all our eyes went to the bounce of her ripe jutting buttocks with the black g string , suspender belt and stocking tops faintly discernable through the taught material of her skirt. In fact the skirt rode up as she walked and just skimmed the top of her stockings. Henri whispered “ you are a very lucky man” and when I said that he and James flirting with Babs had been the key to turning her on, he admitted that they had fancied her but didn’t think it was reciprocated. I told him it was and asked him would they like to do something about it. 

I said I didn’t know what she would want but she certainly had fantasised about being with the two of them and suggested that when she came back, I would go out to the car for a while to let them make their move and see how far she would go.

By this time Babs was slightly wobbly as she tottered in on her heels and when she flopped down with her legs apart we all had a flash of the gold trimmed g string straining to cover the big mound. When Henri suggested more drinks , I got up “to go to the car.”

I went outside where I could catch a view of what was happening and when Henri came back with the drinks he leaned down and kissed Babs. Initially she appeared to demur but then with rising cock, I saw her reciprocate and they were soon snogging. I saw his hand cup a full breast without any objection and I almost climaxed when I saw James join the action by cupping her other breast. Initially once again she seemed to object and broke off her snog with Henri but when James then kissed her she relaxed and allowed both guys to grope her.

I watched fascinated as the two young guys snogged and groped my wife’s breasts and when I saw Henri’s hand go up her skirt without any objection, I thought she is going to go the whole way. 

I decided that I should perhaps join the action rather than hang back but when I went into the lobby I was surprised to see they weren’t at the table . I was slightly worried but when I went into the bar I realised the action had moved to the restaurant entrance and the two guys had Babs sandwiched between them and were kissing and groping her. 

When I got closer I could see that they had her top up and her boobs uncovered and her skirt up round her waist. They were groping her tits and pussy and ass and she appeared to be loving it. 

They were quite oblivious to me and when I said does anyone want another drink they broke away guiltily but I moved quickly forward and kissing her I said “ it appears you’ve decided I’m going to share my present but lets do it in comfort in our room”. As Babs pulled down her skirt and top, I asked Henri to get a bottle of Gin and some tonic and come up to our room. 

I said to James “ don’t be shy lets take her up” and he didn’t need any encouragement to follow us up the large staircase. As she walked up the stairs ahead of us I could see her skirt rising above her stocking tops and big thighs and ass cheeks were exposed .

We were both so excited that by the time we got to the top we pushed her against the wall and started to grope her boobs and pussy again. By the time Henri joined us we were passed the point of no return and we all tumbled into the room and Babs was rather roughly tumbled on to the bed. 

The rest is a bit of a blur as I remember very briefly seeing my wife lying on the bed with her breasts and pussy and thighs exposed before the three of us were on her like wild animals seeking to sate our lust. I remember noticing that Henri had an oddly long thin curved scimitar like cock before I think I pushed the other guys aside because I was first to go between her legs , and push her g string aside, to mount her. 

She was obviously very excited because the largest erection I had had for years slipped effortlessly home. As I rode her hands were busy on the two guys and I climaxed immediately I saw Henri’s long curved snake enter her mouth. As I rolled off her James was on her in a flash and as I stood back I heard her sharp intake of breath as his hard young cock went home. I was soon erect again as I watched my wife be used like a large rag doll as she was impaled on the two young cocks. 

I had simply warmed her up for their use and she writhed and moaned in a way I had never heard before as she was serviced by them. As Henri shot his load into her mouth she came off herself and James rode her through a screaming climax before he too shot his load. 

Temporarily sated we paused for a drink while Babs went to the bathroom to tidy her dishevelled clothing but by the time, she came out wearing only garter belt and stockings, to get a very large G&T, she met three very erect cocks. She smiled and said “ easy guys that was fun and I really enjoyed it but lets take it easy we’ve all night”. 

She swigged the drink down almost in one and said now I want to ride one of you guys, and pulling me down on to the bed she spread her legs and lowered herself down on to my erection.. I was very excited when I realised that the two guys were seeing her at her most voracious riding me hard with buttocks bouncing and tits dangling. James jumped on the bed and pulled her head back forced his cock into her throat. As James and I went about our work with her skewered between us she was energetically and very willingly taking it at both ends when I felt her tense and realise that Henri was trying to enter her rear. I had tried her anally before but hadn’t persisted when she said it hurt her and was stunned to find that after the initial wince she didn’t stop her riding of me and sucking James. The thought of her being taken like this made me even more lustful as I moved my pelvis harder to meet her thrusts. 

I was near my climax , when I simultaneously I heard a scream and felt him through the thin wall between vagina and rectum as he thrust his full length violently into her virgin ass. James cut off her scream by pulling her head down and the three of us got to work on our respective orifices. I climaxed first followed by James and as we rolled aside from our respective orifices we were both soon erect as we watched Babs sprawling on all fours, take a really violent and animalistic ride from Henri mounted on her big rear.

Time and time he plunged his long thin dark scimitar like length into the rosebud between her big creamy hips as he mouthed obscenities about how knew she had been wanting her big ass fucked and it was what she needed. This wasn’t anal sex this was pure buggery, but Babs on a sexual high appeared to having both pain and pleasure and when he obviously climaxed in her she moved her ass milking the last drop of cum from him.

As he withdrew she fell forward on the bed with her ass in the air and as James parted her cheeks to mount her it was a real turn to see Henri’s semen oozing out of her rosebud.

She gasped as James thrust roughly into her rear and I watched as my wife’s big rear was once again roughly sodomised. It is difficult to explain the excitement that one can feel by seeing one’s wife being really well used and being up for anything.

James also rode her hard stallioning her deeply with his smaller but obviously very hard cock until he too climaxed in her. As she slumped forward again I was really ready to reclaim her ass for myself and I felt very little resistance as I eased my full length into her well lubricated rear and I was soon literally up to my balls in her rectum.

The feeling of her tight sphincter muscle round my cock ,the excitement of seeing my cock disappear completely into what had been forbidden territory , the brilliant feeling of my balls slapping against the cool cheeks of her big rear plus the thought that my wife had allowed herself to be ass – f***** by two young guys gave me an unbelievable sexual high and I was soon climaxing for the first time in her rear.

As I rolled off Henri was on her again pushing it home and telling her we was going to give her the ass f****** that she had been wanting. Over the rest of the night both James and I also sodomised her again and both her pussy and mouth were also well used by all three of us. They both left about 5 am in the morning as James was on breakfast duty. 

Babs and I flopped exhausted into bed and when I woke at about 9.30 am with the sounds of the bus tour leaving the night before appeared surreal like a dream. But my almost raw cock and the fact that when I pulled back the covers and saw her laddered stockings and cum stained garter belt, plus the overwhelming smell of stale semen, I remembered only too well that my wife had taken copious quantities of cum in all her orifices. 
