 Fuck! I can't believe what I'm seeing in my parents' living room. Three giggling teenage girls, wearing sheer lingerie are sitting on the couch cheering on a fourth girl who is attempting to deep throat a dildo. What the fuck! The cheers and laughter is probably why they didn't hear me come in through the kitchen door. I step back into the shadows of the hallway while my cock responds to the luscious, pale ass cheeks of the fourth girl. Her purple sheer nightie has ridden up over her heart-shaped ass, revealing her matching thong as she starts to gag on the rubber dick suction-cupped to the glass topped coffee table.

"I can do this!" the girl exclaims, taking a deep breath and sliding her lips back down the realistic looking cock. Holy shit! That's Lauren's voice! My dick is hard and I'm having perverted thoughts about my 18-year-old sister. I guiltily look away from her scrumptious ass cheeks and try to forget what her lips look like sliding down that fake cock.

"I thought you said you had done this before," laughs one of the girls, pulling my attention back to the couch. The other three girls are wearing similar outfits, sheer baby doll nighties with matching thong panties. The only variation seems to be the color. 

"I have done it before," my sister protests, "but with a real dick! This thing isn't working for me. I need a real dick." Lauren sits back on her heels and laughs along with her friends.

"There appears to be one in the hallway!" The cute black girl sitting closest to me says as she smiles in my direction. Fuck! Busted! I might as well take the offensive and try to put Lauren on the defense.

"Brandon!" Lauren screams, jumping to her feet as I step into the room. Her tits bounce temptingly inside the cups of the purple nightie. "What the fuck are you doing here?" 

"Never mind about me? What the fuck is all of this?" I sweep my arm towards the coffee table where, besides the suction cupped dildo there are several vibrators and other assorted sex toys. "What's going on here?" 

I'm six years older than Lauren and I've been living with my girlfriend for the past couple of years. I crash at my parents' house whenever Kelly and I fight, which seems to be happening quite often lately. 

"We're having a sleepover," Lauren says as if that explains all of this. While she's getting outraged with me, I'm checking out her girlfriends. It's like looking at a live action Victoria Secret's ad. There's the African-American girl who spotted me in the hallway. My eyes zero in on the yellow nightie barely covering her impressive chest. Next to her is Kristina, Lauren's petite blonde friend from down the street, looking pretty in her pink lingerie. Finally, on the other end of the couch is a tall brunette all decked out in the sexiest shade of red. 

"A sleepover?" I ask, raising my eyebrows as I appraise their outfits. The tops are sheer except for the bra-like cups around their breasts. In actuality, except for the thong, they don't show much more than a skimpy bikini but somehow it is much more enticing when it's lingerie.

"We had a lingerie party," the black girl explains, smiling without a hint of embarrassment. "Do you like our outfits?" She stands and twirls around giving me a great view of her full, round ass cheeks.

"Alex!" Lauren admonishes her. "That's my brother!" 

"Well, you should at least introduce us," Alex answers, stepping forward with her hand extended. "I'm Alexis but you can call me Alex." She smiles as I shake her hand. 

"Brandon," my sister takes over the introductions. "You know Kristina," she says, pointing to her friend in the pink nightie. I nod in her direction.

"Hello, Brandon," Kristina smiles demurely. 

"And this is Kylie." The tall brunette stands up and extends her hand.

"Nice to meet you, Brandon," she says, making eye contact. Damn! We're almost the same height and I'm a little over six feet. 

"My pleasure," I answer, shaking her hand, which is surprisingly small and feminine given her stature. 

While being introduced to her friends, I steal surreptitious glances at my sister. She has really filled out over the past couple of years. Something I hadn't noticed during my previous visits. Of course, she wasn't wearing sexy lingerie any of those times. Fuck! My cock is hardening again. This is so wrong.

"What are you doing here?" Lauren asks, drawing my attention back. 

"I needed a place to stay," I shrug without further explanation. I'm about to ask her whether mom knows what she's up to but my sister and I have an unspoken agreement about not embarrassing each other in front of our friends.

"Well," I smile at the sexy foursome. "Sorry to have interrupted. I'll just head up to my room and leave you girls to your fun. Where are mom and dad?" I ask.

"They're at the cabin," Lauren answers, referring to our lake cabin in the mountains.

"With my parents," Kristina adds. Kristina has been Lauren's friend since they were little and our parents frequently go to the cabin together.

"The house is all ours for the weekend," Kylie smiles. 

"Why don't you stay? The fun's just starting," Alex says with an unmistakable flirtatious invitation. I hear my sister's exasperated sigh before I can even respond.

"That's okay," I answer, moving towards the hallway. "It was nice meeting you," I call back over my shoulder.

"Damn! He's sexy. You should have asked him to stay, Lauren," Alex says as I turn the corner towards the stairs. I wait just out of sight to hear her response. 

"He's my brother!" she retorts. "I don't want him anywhere near our sex toy party, or any of our other plans." Whatever that means.

"He can be my sex toy anytime," Kylie says. "How old is he?"

"Too old for you!" my sister snaps. She's right and that's my cue to keep moving. 

Half an hour later, lying on my bed and trying to get the sexy images of my sister and her friends out of my head, there's a light knock on the door.

"Come in," I call without moving from the bed. Lauren pokes her head in before opening the door the rest of the way. 

"Hey," she says, walking over to the bed. "Sorry about all that."

"Nothing to be sorry for, Sis. You didn't know I was going to be home tonight, and I certainly didn't know you were having a lingerie party." I answer as she sits on the edge of my bed. She's still wearing the same outfit and I can't keep my eyes from darting between the swell of her breasts and her barely covered pussy mound. "Sorry, if I messed up your party."

"That's just it," she smiles. "You were a very popular surprise." I just smile and wait to see why she came in to see me. "Brandon, do you love me?" she asks, using our standard opening for asking a favor. 

"Unconditionally," I answer, realizing as I say it that it really is true. I thought I loved Kelly but there are always so many conditions in that relationship. Fuck! Don't even ask me why I'm comparing my sister to my girlfriend. That's just so inappropriate!

"The girls want you to judge who looks the sexiest," she says, raising her eyebrows questioningly. "Would you do it for us?" This isn't at all what I expected.

"That sounds like a no-win proposition. What's in it for me?" I ask, already determined to do whatever she wants so I can spend more time with her scantily clad friends. 

"What's in it for you?" she asks incredulously while punching me in the arm. "You get to gawk at half-naked teenage girls while you decide who's the sexiest."

"Good point," I answer, rubbing my shoulder. "Lauren, are your friends all over 18?" I ask as she stands up and heads for my bedroom door. I swing my legs off the bed and follow her, my eyes glued to her near-naked ass.

"What difference does that make?" she asks. "It's not like you're going to fuck any of them."

"I just don't want any upset fathers, brothers or boyfriends accusing me of improper activities with any underage girls."

"Relax. They're all 18," she smiles.

"Even Kristina?" I ask. "She looks so young."

"Even Kristina." Lauren rolls her eyes. "Duh, you should know we're the same age."

"Okay, I'm ready... but how will I decide?" I ask as I close the door behind me.

"Easy," she says over her shoulder. "Just pick your sister!" Laughing, she sashays down the hall towards the living room, her sexy ass causing more blood to pump into my hardening cock.

"Yay! He's going to do it!" Alex says, clapping her hands as she bounces on the couch, causing her woman-sized boobs to jiggle tantalizingly. My mind is already racing to see how far I can take these festivities. These girls are all over 18 and apparently not virgins, which means there really are no limits tonight.

"Do you guys have a plan in mind for how we're going to do this?" I ask, noticing the girls have gone through a few wine coolers this evening.

"The judges always figure that out," Kristina says. I swear I remember her as just a shy little kid and now she's almost batting her eyes at me as she adds, "you're the judge." I wait a minute to see if anyone else wants to chime in and when they don't I start to put my plan into action.

"Okay, why don't the four of you line up and let me take a look at you," I say, moving the coffee table so they can stand in front of the couch. I take a seat in the center of the couch as they dutifully line up facing me. Fuck! They're all sexy!

"I think we should divide the competition into four categories: your breasts, your asses, your legs and your, um... pussies." When I mention pussies, Kristina and Lauren glance away but Kyle and Alex just smile. 

I stand up and walk in front of them like a commanding general inspecting the troops. "Hmm. This is going to be hard," I say.

"I certainly hope so," Alex says as she shifts her eyes to my crotch. 

"Quiet," I command, teasingly. "No distracting the judges or you'll be disqualified."

"Sorry," she whispers, dropping her chin to her chest in a mock pout. "Do I really distract you, Brandon?" Damn straight she does! They all do.

"In a nice way," I answer, as I walk past each girl staring intently at her chest. When I get to the end, next to Alex, I stare down the line looking at the variation of protrusions from each girl. 

"Look, this shouldn't just be about size," I say, once again taking a seat on the couch. "I can't be expected to adequately compare your breasts without seeing your nipples." This is where we find out how much fun this is going to be.

"What!" Lauren is the first to react. "That's not the deal!" she exclaims, looking to her friends for support. 

"I think he's right," Kylie says, reaching for the front fastener of her nightie. 

"Wait!" Lauren shouts, batting Kylie's hands away from her top. "Would you want your brother staring at your boobs?" she asks.

"Fine," Alex jumps in. "You can stay dressed, such as it is, and help Brandon judge the rest of us." Lauren looks down at her nighty, seemingly just realizing how much of her body is already exposed.

"But then I can't win," Lauren says, clearly weighing her options. 

"Which do you choose Lauren?" I ask like the idea of the other three taking their nighties off has already been decided. This is shaping up nicely.

Kylie is the first to unfasten the clasp between her breasts and slide the thin straps off her shoulders. My cock springs to life as her nightie hits the floor and her eyes meet mine. Her medium sized breasts with their pink, puffy nipples are on full display, awaiting my inspection. 

Lauren is staring open-mouthed at her friends as one by one they follow Kylie's lead and drop their nightie to the floor. 

Alex is next, taking her time sliding the straps down her arms one at a time. Smiling broadly she adds a bit of theatrics to the unveiling of her gorgeous, dark skinned breasts with their thick black nipples. The surrounding areolas are smaller than expected but by no means less appealing. Mouthwatering is the only adjective that comes to mind. 

Kristina seems a little more reserved, possibly because her breasts are quite small in comparison to the other girls. "I'm not going to win this round," she smiles. She needn't worry, what she lacks in size, is more than made up for by her thick protruding nipples. Damn! She has grown up. I really want to suck on those babies. My cock is rock hard as I turn my attention to my sister.

"What's it going to be, Sis?" I ask. "You're welcome to join me on the couch and help me judge these beautiful ladies' attributes.

"Not a chance, Big Brother," Lauren says defiantly as she unclasps her top and shrugs it off her shoulders. Holy fuck! Her tits are perfect. Slightly smaller than Alex's but still quite full with wide, pink areolas and gumdrop shaped nipples. 

"Line up," I say as if none of this is bothering me in the slightest. Shit! Who wouldn't give his left nut to have four teenage beauties lined up in front of him ready for inspection? I stand up, adjusting my cock as I do, which doesn't go unnoticed by any of the girls. 

"Why do you get to stay dressed while we're naked?" Alex asks, generating a glaring look from my sister. 

"You're not naked... yet," I retort. "Do you want me to take off my shirt?" 

"Yes," three girls respond in unison. This is too easy. I slip off my shirt to the appreciative nods from the girls. I don't have washboard abs but I stay in shape.

"Okay, let's get started," I say, stepping in front of Alex and making a show of inspecting her tits from all angles. I take a chance and cup my hands under the dark flesh and heft her large tits like I'm weighing melons. 

"Nobody said anything about touching," Lauren objects from the other end of the line. 

"I don't mind," Alex says quietly, biting her lip as my thumbs lightly brush across her taut nipples. Lauren steps back in line but she is clearly more nervous than she was before. 

Wanting to give each girl some accolades and esteem builders, I start talking to Alex about my perception of her tits. 

"These are heavy little monsters aren't they," I ask, still fondling her milk chocolate mounds. Alex just nods, catching her breath as my hands glide around the sides and gently caress her sensitive tits. "A guy would be crazy not to want to bury his face in these babies and get lost in there like a big soft pillow." Reluctantly, I lower her breasts back down and move over in front of Kristina.

Kristina smiles shyly as I scrutinize her almost non-existent mounds. While the breasts themselves are rather small the nipples are not. They are mature, long, thick nipples that jut out from her teen sized tits. With nothing to heft, I grip her breasts from the front, pressing my palms against those lovely nipples.

"Mmmm," Kristina lets out an involuntary gasp as I move my hands in tiny circles, lightly brushing against her thick protruding nipples. 

"I love your nipples," I say, just above a whisper. "A guy could feast on them forever. They're so wonderfully sensitive." I add, gently increasing the pressure from my palms and eliciting another quiet murmur from Kristina. "I bet it doesn't take much sucking and nibbling to send erotic pulses directly to your pussy. You can probably have an orgasm induced solely from those beautiful nipples." She emits a noticeable shiver as I pull my hands away and turn to face Kylie and her puffy nipples.

Kylie is smiling as I study her convex areolas that cap her medium sized tits and reshape them into conical protrusions unlike anything I've ever seen. I bypass the fleshy part of her breasts and go straight for the nipples, running my finger around the areola and exploring the tiny bud-like nipples almost completely recessed into the areola. I watch her face as I pinch the very tips and try to coax them out of their protective surroundings. Her expression doesn't change until I put my fingers on either side of the puffy areolas and tweak them gently in a half circle. She bites her lip and sucks air in through her teeth. 

"What are you going to say about mine?" she asks seductively as I continue to play with her unique tits. 

"I'm going to say that I have never seen anything like them, "I tell her. "I could imagine how erotic it would be to rub against them. You know, as you do the horizontal love dance..."

"Seriously!" Alex laughs. "The horizontal love dance? Why don't you just say fucking?" 

"Because horizontal love dance more poetic," Kylie answers for me. "Go on," she nods towards me encouragingly. "What were you going to say?"

"I was going to say that when you were in that particular position, rocking back and forth, a guy could enhance his pleasure by rubbing his chest against these potent little puppies." 

"Like this?" she asks pulling me against her and rubbing her nipples up and down my bare chest. Fuck! I thought I was just blowing smoke but her nipples feel incredible against my chest. 

"Kylie!" Lauren cries. "What the fuck?" 

"Afraid you'll miss your turn, Lauren?" Kylie asks as she releases me, and steps back in line. Her nipples seem to have popped out of their cocoons, anxiously awaiting more attention.

"Thanks," she says, kissing me on the cheek and pushing me towards my sister. 

Now what?

I stand looking at my sister for the longest time, just staring at her perfect tits. Her wide areolas are just a shade darker than the surrounding skin and her taut nipples seem to be more aroused than when she first exposed them. I know I shouldn't be touching my sister but I can't very well leave her out either. Lauren is blushing as she looks at me expectantly. 

"Well?" she says, nodding her head towards her tits. 

"Well..." I answer. "They're beautiful, Sis." I say, hesitantly raising my hands and putting them on her shoulders. "Lovely shaped," I add while I trail my fingers around her collarbone and glide them down her chest. "Perfectly round areolas," I add while my fingers brush the outside of her breasts. Instead of hefting them like I did with Alex, I bring my hands down around the sides and lift them gently. "Soft and pliable," I whisper, gently caressing all around her areolas. "Sensitive nipples." Her breath catches as my thumbs lightly explore the distended tips. Our eyes lock on each other as my hands move around her breasts like they have a mind of their own.

"Ahem..." Alex clears her throat to keep me from getting lost in my sister's luscious breasts. I drop my hands and step back, surprised by the disappointment I see in Lauren's eyes.

"And the winner is..." I announce, trying to regain my composure. "By a very small margin, I might add..." I look from one topless girl to the next. "You all have gorgeous breasts but the winner is..." I pause for dramatic affect and then turn and point my arm. "My sister, Lauren!" 

They are each gracious and offer such wonderful comments about Lauren's tits that I almost expect her to make an acceptance speech. 

"Okay, take five!" I tell everyone. "I need a beer." The girls all start chatting at once as I go to the kitchen for a beer. Leaning against the counter I take a minute to catch my breath as I twist the cap off the bottle. Damn! The look on Lauren's face... if I didn't know better I would swear she looked just like she wanted me to kiss her. Nah.

"Okay girls, on to the next event." I call as I walk back into the living room. Maybe I should tone this down a little. "Turn around! We're ready to look at your lovely asses." The girls line up with their backs to me. Okay, maybe I won't tone it down. What a lovely lineup of teenage flesh! 

I go through a similar routine, running my hands over their bare cheeks and telling each one what I think of their ass. 

"You have an amazing ass, Alex," I say quietly. As my hand glides over her smooth, dark skin I can feel the firm muscles tensing in her ass cheeks. "With your well toned muscles and fully developed curves a guy would want to do you from behind just for the view." 
