 Audrey knelt before Mother Superior, head bowed. She was visibly distressed by Mother's continued refusal to allow her to take her vows and become a nun.  

"I know you think me harsh, child, to refuse you this again," Mother Superior said softly, running a lightly caressing hand over the turned down head.

"Please, Mother, do not think I question your judgment and wisdom. But I am not idle, my voice is considered pleasing by the other members of the choir, my embroidery is moderate, I…is it because of my illegitimacy?" Her lower lip trembled as she murmured the last words.

She had never known her natural mother, an unmarried tavern wench who had died giving birth to Audrey. No relatives or a father had come forward to claim the babe for their own, so the convent had taken in the sickly babe with open arms.

"Audrey, you are soft hearted, gentle and obedient, and worthy of our convent. It is not this I question, but whether your destiny lies with us."

"What?" Audrey gasped tremulously. "St Agatha's is my home, my family. It is here that I have been raised, fed and clothed, educated and given shelter. I wish to devote my life to St Agatha's for the gifts given to me. My destiny lies here!"

"Then my request will not alter your destiny, " Mother said firmly yet kindly.

"But…"

"Audrey, neither Father nor I refuse your wish lightly. Nor are we sending you St Helen's as some form of punishment. Should you wish to return after a years passing and take your vows, you may do so with our full blessing."

"Truly?" Audrey whispered, sweet smile lighting up her delicate features as she raised her face to gaze up at the graying woman with beseeching eyes. "Then I may become a nun?"

Mother smiled in return, unable to resist Audrey's warmth and charm. "Yes, Audrey, if that is still your wish."

"Thank you…Thank you…Thank you!" Audrey cried as she leapt to her feet and wrapped her arms around the small frail woman who was like a mother to her.

Mother chuckled at Audrey's enthusiasm. "Run along now, child, lest I can't bear to see you go and change my mind."

The old nun smiled sadly as she watched the young novice leave her chamber, and again asked herself had they made the right decision in sending her to St Helen's?

Audrey was sweet and obedient, and cursed with an exquisite beauty that drew eyes to her whenever she went. Her creamy skin and silken chestnut waves were enough to draw attention unbecoming to a nun, yet the guileless dark blue eyes and pink bow mouth could only invite temptation among the men of the parish. The old nun knew it would serve her ill. 

Mother knew Audrey needed a strong protector, fearing that a man who happened upon her alone in the deserted fields around St Agatha's would not be able to resist Audrey's sweet allure. The priest was old, unable to pose as a threat to any man who dared sample one of God's servants.

The priest at St Helen's was young, and a force to be reckoned with among village folk. And as much as Mother was  terribly worried over sending Audrey from the protective confines of St Agatha's to a bustling towns, she prayed that living among people would open Audrey's eyes to a world outside of prayers and duties. And perhaps, in time, her beauty would attract a young man with moderate means willing to wed her.

***

Many questions about her new home for which there were no answers plagued her in the week it had taken to travel to St Helen's by carriage.  And now, as she sat silently with folded hands in her novice's habit and white hood, her small wooden trunk at her feet, she felt as though she had entered a different world. 

She gazed about the large hall in awe, noting the exquisite high arch windows filled with glorious colours, the grey stonewalls hung with richly woven tapestries, the solid timber furnishing and scattered rugs. A fire flickered in the large fireplace, adding to the warmth of the charming hall that was so different from St Agatha's modest and austere surroundings.

Taking a deep, calming breath as she patiently waited for Father Mathews to greet her, she told herself firmly that time would pass quickly and soon she would take her vows with Mother's blessing. Audrey knew with all her heart that she would still wish to be a nun when her time at St Helen's was up, yet she would gladly do this for Mother and put any fears of her unsuitability to rest.

As Audrey sat silently, she slowly became aware of low moans and gasping cries coming from a partially open door at the far end of the hall that she knew to be Father Mathew's chambers. She chewed on her lower lip, wondering at the strange, animal-like sounds. She tried to convince herself that someone must be pouring out their grief to Father Mathews, yet as the moans grew in intensity, a small frown marred her delicate features. 

She squirmed where she sat, feeling their desperation and urgency wash over her, touching something deep inside. Finally she could bear it no longer, her curiosity driving her to her feet. Could Father Mathews have injured himself and be laying in pain, unable to call for help?

Swiftly and silently she crossed the hall to pause hesitantly outside of the priest's chamber. She knocked twice and waited anxiously for a response. When there was no answer, only husky cries, Audrey drew up her courage and pressed the door open fearfully.

Her breath caught in her throat at the scene before her. A woman, her habit pushed up around waist, lay on a large mahogany desk, her soft thighs spread wide apart, the dark curls at their apex glistening with moisture. Audrey's lips parted on a silent gasp as she caught sight of the nun's hand thrusting a smooth, thick marble column between her thighs with urgent frenzy.

Audrey's knuckles turned white where they gripped the door as her wide eyes were drawn in their own accord to the lush pink folds spread wide before her. She had heard whispers at St Agatha's of nun's touching themselves in sinful places, sometime inserting objects as a means to pay tribute to the devil. She had not understood the acts that had been whispered to her, yet even now she still recalled the wicked palpitation of pleasure she had felt between her thighs at the nun's strange words.

Audrey felt that same heady weakness wash over her as she gazed upon nun's ministrations, her lips parted softly as the nun's obvious delight as she moaned and writhed on the table, her face red and scrunched up.

Audrey dragged her eyes away, only to find herself caught by the dark grey gaze of a man. He sat leaning back in a deep leather chair, his long tapered fingers beneath his chin. Long wavy blonde hair brushed against his priest's collar, framing an intelligent face that hinted of cruelty. She felt pinned beneath the intensity of his gaze, stripped, her every thought transparent.

As she stood there, feeling her heart pound beneath her breast, the sound of soft cries slowly penetrated her drowning thoughts. Horror welled up inside of her, her cheeks stained pink as she tore her gaze from the priest and stumbled from the chamber.

She made her way back to pew on shaky legs, filled with shame and a deep mortification on intruding what must be the nun's private confession to the priest.

She sunk down on the pew and squeezed her eyes shut, unable to evade the wicked images of the glistening marble sliding in and out of the pink channel between the nun's spread thighs. Audrey had never dared to touch herself in that sinful place, yet sometimes a deep yearning overcame her when she was bathing or dressing, and she fought the temptation to stroke the soft pink lips with their silky down.

Her head lifted as the door to Father Mathew’s chamber opened, and a slightly rumpled and flushed nun appeared. Spying Audrey, the nun quickly walked to where she sat and said with a glowing smile 

"Father Mathews is ready to see you now." The nun bobbed slightly before hurrying off, and Audrey gazed after her, a dozen questions filling her mind. 

The nun paused, and looking back over her shoulder at Audrey, she said in hushed tones "I'm sure you will like it here."

 With wide eyes Audrey slowly made her way to the chamber door and knocked. At the command to enter, she opened the door and stood at its entrance, eyes lowered, a flush creeping up over her cheeks.

"Come, take a seat," the priest ordered.  

She obediently did as he asked, smoothing her gown over her knees with trembling hands. 

"I'm sorry I was unable to see you immediately upon your arrival. There were matters I had to attend to."

Audrey shook her head and gazed shyly up at him through long lashes, feeling the blush deepen up as those devastating grey eyes moved over her face. "No, it is I that must apologise, Father," she rushed out. "I thought someone was injured, and I didn't realise that you were seeing to the nun's affliction. I realise –"

"Affliction?" the priest queried softly.

"Ailment, malady, I am unsure how to...."

"Ah, yes." The priest gazed at her for a long while, and as she opened her mouth to speak again, he raised his hand, signalling silence.

"Audrey," he recalled, studying the lovely girl before him. "A novice from St Agatha's, if I remember correctly. Here with us for a year."

She nodded.  

Father Matthew gazed down the earnest young woman before him as he drummed his fingers thoughtfully on the desk that the nun had only recently laid upon. "You will quickly come to realise we do things differently at St Helen's, but I am sure, given time, you will adjust beautifully."

"Thank you father," she murmured, and another long uncomfortable silence stretched out between them.

"Before I have our one other novice show you to your cell, I must request that we establish the matter of your, shall we say, dedication."

"Dedication?" she echoed in confusion.

The priest nodded and rose from his chair and she swallowed hard as he towered above her, noting the way the long black gown clung to his broad shoulders.

"Our intake of novices is very selective, and it only a personal favour to the priest at St Agatha's that we accepted you prior to interviewing you. When novices come to us from other convents we generally we inspect them thoroughly. Once or twice in the past they have come to us preg… with evidence of their lack of dedication, and we have taken measures since to prevent such occurrences."

"Oh," Audrey murmured, still unsure of what was expected of her.

"Come, follow me. You will experience no pain from my initial examination."

She rose and moved to where he stood waiting by a long wooden pew near the far wall, feeling apprehensive.

"I want you to straddle the pew and sit down, yes, that's it." He nodded in approval as she lifted her leg gracefully over the wooden pew and rested her bottom on its narrow width, uncertainty filling her dark blue eyes as she gazed up at him. "Now lay back." His hands on her shoulders gently eased her down so that she lay on her back on the pew, then guided her small hands to rest on either side of her narrow hips.

His large frame straddled the pew to sit facing her, his knees bumping against hers, and she bit her lip. She was unable to prevent the flinch as she felt his fingers close around the hem of her habit and slowly draw the heavy material up to drape across her knees.

"Relax," he murmured, sliding his warm palms up over the soft inner flesh of her thighs spread slightly apart by the width of the pew.

"I'm not sure how this-"

"Quiet, Novice, while I concentrate. It will be over soon."

She swallowed hard, trying to remain passive as he forced her knees further apart beneath her skirt. She prayed in time that she would become used to his cool manner and of the strange effect his commanding ways seemed to have on her young body. Besides the quiet affection of Mother Superior, she had rarely been touched by another human being, especially that of a handsome grown male, and she was unable prevent the trembling in her thighs.

She breathed a sigh of relief when he lifted his hands from her flesh.

"I am going to ask you if you can feel my hands on your flesh, and I want you to answer me honestly. Do not think to lie to me."

"No Father," she mumbled, gazing fixedly up at the ceiling as she felt a light caress stir the soft curls between her thighs. A thrill rushed through her lower belly, and she bit her lip to keep from moaning as a vision of the nun's wide spread legs came to mind.

She felt confusion over the fast beat of her heart, the uneven rise and fall of her tiny breasts, the strange fluidness invading her limbs at the strange intimacy of his inspection as his hands gently caressed her mound.

"Can you feel this?" he queried after a while.

Audrey bit her lip, trying to sense his touch, but she was suddenly unable to feel the pressure of his hands on her body. "No," she uneasily replied.

"Okay, what about this?" Again silence as he patiently waited for her reply, and she shook her head slowly, a frown creasing her brow.

"Hmm," he murmured under his breath, and she flinched as she felt his fingers pinch her nether lips together.

"I felt that," she murmured breathlessly, and he nodded thoughtfully.

"Good, good. And this?"

His deft fingers gently parted her dry folds and traced a finger along the pink valley.

She nodded as a quiver shot through her at his soft touch, her relief at finally being able to feel him between her thighs overcoming her apprehension at being touched so intimately.

"What about this?" He queried, regretfully removing his fingers from her tender flesh as he gazed upon her sweet, flushed face.

"No-o," she said after a while, frowning as she gazed at the ceiling in concentration.

He was silent for a long while, a look of concern on his masculine features, waiting, and slowly her gaze flickered to his.

"Please Father, try again, maybe this time…"

He hesitated for effect, gazing at her consideringly, then nodded. "You'll have to trust me, without question, without hesitation."

"I do, Father," she nodded obediently with guileless dark blue pools. 

Was it all an act, he asked himself? "Let's continue then."

Without question she let him push up her heavy skirts, exposing the length of her creamy white thighs and the silky thatch to his intent gaze as he bundled the material at her tiny waist. 

He almost groaned aloud at the exquisiteness of her, the velvety skin and the soft curls that provided her sweet mound little protection from his gaze and soon his exploring fingers.

Gently, he parted her nether lips again, and found the little nub nestled in the lush pink folds. Easing forward on the pew, he gently stroked the sensitive flesh with the pad of his thumb. She bucked slightly beneath him, and slowly he increased the pressure, drawing a cry of surprise from her parted lips.

"Good," he murmured encouragingly. "You can feel that." 

She nodded, moistening her suddenly dry lips as he began to gently tease her pink nub with knowing fingers.

Soon she was wiggling slightly on the pew, and he could feel a slight dampness coating his fingers as he coaxed a gentle response from her. He moved lower, the tip of his finger lightly circling her tiny entrance, and he felt himself harden at the thought of piercing her there. He pressed his finger against her experimentally, the tip of his finger probing her heat before moving back up to circle her nub before she became anxious.

"Oh," she murmured, her bottom shifting on the pew, and she felt a trickle of moistness seep between her thighs. She nipped her bottom lip at the strange sensations flooding between her thighs as his fingers probed and played with her secret place. "It feels…"

"Yes?" he queried when she hesitated shyly, knowing instinctively that she was ready for what he planned to do.

"Strange," she said with a tiny frown. "I've never…" She gasped as his finger slide up inside of her without warning, her hips arching.

Soon he felt her growing wetness as he began to work his finger in her tight pussy, massaging her slick walls that would feel exquisite around his cock. It was slow coming, yet slowly her young body opened up to his deepening caresses like a bud unfurling its petals in worship of the sun.

"Almost there," he murmured huskily, slowly easing another finger up inside her slick heat. Her hips were arching off the pew as his fingers surged deeper up inside of her, forcing her tight walls to stretch around his fingers until finally he felt the thin barrier blocking his further exploration. The tips of his fingers gently caressed her maidenhead, and he murmured soothing words to her as she shifted restlessly on the pew, overcome by the strange sensations of being impaled on his fingers.

He teased her until she was gasping for breath, her body squirming on the pew, before slowly withdrawing from her. He knew he could take her then unaware.  Her soft gasps filling his ears as he ruthlessly plundered her maidenhead. 

Yet he would wait, for she was like soft clay, unformed, easily molded to his dark desires. He would wait until she begged him to fuck her between her soft thighs, knowing exactly what he intended to do to her.

She lay panting and flushed as he eased her gown down over her spread thighs, and he hid his smile at the sight of the small hard nipples tenting the fabric of her habit. Soon, he promised himself.

"You felt my touch deep inside you?"

She nodded shyly, her lashes flickering down to hide the confusion in her dark eyes.

"You're dedication pleases me, Novice," he spoke coolly, commandingly. She would soon recognise him as her master. "Go now, our other Novice will show you to your cell, and Mother Superior will speak to you on the morrow about your duties here."

He watched her leave, intrigued by the blushing shyness of his sweet new novice. The evidence of her maidenhead showed she was innocent of men, yet he knew that might be mostly due to lack of opportunity. 

The priest at St Agatha's was elderly and possessed a fetish for strong muscular men. He would set one of the nuns to spy on Audrey when she retired to her bed that evening to discover if she pleasured herself as nuns were want to do with their busy little fingers.

In the meantime, he would inform the nuns of their new member, and warn them off being overly playful in her presence. Until she was ready to for her first man between her soft thighs, he wanted to ensure she didn't reach her pleasure.

***

A young woman of eighteen or nineteen, the same age as Audrey, waited for Audrey as she left Father Mathew's chamber. Audrey prayed her flushed features and the strange weakness in her limbs wasn't discernible to the other woman as she smiled shyly in greeting.

The pretty novice introduced herself as Beth, and after helping Audrey carry her small trunk to her cell, Beth took her on a guided tour within the extensive tall stonewalls of St Helen's. Soon Audrey was returning Beth's bubbly smile easily as she was shown the gardens and buildings, making Audrey giggle at the witty little descriptions the novice gave as she pointed out items of interest.

It was at the evening meal that she finally met the nuns of St Helen's. They ate in an informal manner around a long table in the warm kitchens, with crusty bread and deliciously thick chicken soup. There were six nuns, and one Novice, two including Audrey, and she found it strange that none were more than two score in years, except for the stern mother superior. 

Mother was a handsome woman with cold blue eyes who rarely spoke. When she did speak, the other nun's hastened to do her bidding as she requested salt or gave out instructions on how to clean pots, their laughter and chatter halting when Mother gave them a stern look.

Three nuns departed immediately following the meal, and when Audrey questioned Beth where they went, Beth bit back a smile.  It was Mother Superior who answered "worship".
