 This is the biggest and longest story I have ever written. It reaches seven chapters in all. It is a work of fantasy and should be read as such. I don't write for the virtues of believability but for reading pleasure only!!! I welcome feedback but warn you before you start that you should suspend reality and just enjoy the ride!!!

Chapter One 

'The Discovery'

I am 39 years old and live with my son Jake, who is 18, my husband and I divorced five years ago and I now live a comfortable life with my son. 

The story I am going to relate to you has changed my life forever and made me happier and more satisfied than I have ever been before. 

I had been married for 21 years, when my husband cheated on me and left with a younger woman. He was always a good provider and had a good job but I can honestly say he never fully satisfied me sexually. You see since I first discovered sex I have had a love of men with really big cocks. The first man I had sex with had a nice, long, hard 9" dick and after him, everyone else seemed small. My husband was an average 6" and too be quite honest never did very much for me.

I never cheated on my husband during our marriage but I often wished that I could find a man just to have sex with who could satisfy my craving for a big cock. I would often lie in bed at night, while my husband snored next to me, wishing I had a man laying there with a giant cock that I could just pounce on and fuck my hungry pussy with. 

I have always had a high sex drive and could quite easily be fucked three or four times a day, but my husband could never manage that. When we first got together, we would have sex maybe once a day, but as the years went by that went down to twice a week and by the end, hardly ever. This meant that I was nearly always horny and had to frequently play with myself to get off, always thinking about some large, hard cock.

Now my son Jake is a very good looking boy. He works out and plays much sport, which has left him with a well muscled and toned body. He has a tight young ass and a rippling six pack. He always attracted the best looking girls around and I must confess that watching him grow up into this strapping 18 year old, I had sometimes looked at him and felt a tingling feeling in my pussy. I quickly suppressed this however; after all he was my son.

After my husband left, I guess I did start to notice Jake even more. He would often walk around the house in just a pair of shorts, his hard young body on view to me. Being the only man really in my life, I think that I was unnaturally drawn to my hunky son because of his boyish good looks and that amazing body, but mainly I guess at first, because I was very horny.

My name is Julia and this is my story.........

*

It all began early one Saturday morning in the early summer. I had just spent another lonely night sleeping by myself, feeling horny and frustrated. Since my husband left I had not had sex at all, I fingered myself almost nightly, rubbing and stroking my pussy, making myself wet and ending up even more hungry for a big hard cock. 

That morning I got up and threw on my big white towelling robe. Heading downstairs, I made breakfast and switched on the television. After a while I went back upstairs to get dressed. It was just after 9am and I knew my son Jake always liked to be up early on Saturday's so he could get to the gym early.

My son Jake, loved to work out. He spent many hours at the gym, toning and sculpting his body. He was a very fine and good looking young stud, a real favourite with the local girls. He played lots of sports and stayed in fine shape. I could not help but notice Jake had grown into a real man. 

Since my divorce, Jake had taken over as the man of the house. He did all the odd jobs around the home and took over many of the duties that my husband once did, like mowing the lawn and painting the house. It was during this that I had first felt some kind of sexual feeling towards my son. 

Some weeks ago, Jake had been outside cleaning the windows of the house. I went out and offered him something to drink. He was at the top of the ladder, cleaning the windows to my bedroom. He was wearing just a pair of shorts that clung to his tight ass. He had no top on and his muscles bulged. As I watched him stretch to reach the top of the window, I found myself admiring his chiselled frame, his hard abs and his well defined leg muscles. 

I felt a sudden sexual urge and a fluttering in my chest, was I just proud of my fine specimen son or was I getting horny for him?

Over the next few days, I found myself thinking more and more about my son. We had always been close and even more so since my husband left. Jake had always been affectionate with me, giving me hugs and kisses. Now we lived alone, he seemed to take more time over me, making sure I was ok and telling me that I deserved better than his dad anyway.

A couple of days after seeing him up the ladder, I was lying in bed late at night in my usual horny state. I had the covers kicked back and my short little nightdress hiked up over my stomach. I slid my hands between my legs and began to play with my pussy. Quite unintentionally, an image of my son entered my mind, an image of him with his shirt off and those tight, hard muscles flexing.   

I unconsciously began to rub my clit harder and my pussy grew much wetter. I knew it was wrong to think about my son in this way, but I could not help it, I could not get the sight of him out of my mind. 

I had not seen my son's cock since he was little but I suddenly imagined him with a nice large cock and that sent me over the edge. 

I began to furiously finger my now dripping wet gash. I allowed a few low deep groans to expel from my mouth. I writhed and squirmed around on the bed, gripping my legs together as I buried my fingers deep in my pussy. With my free hand I took a firm grip on my large breast and pinched hard on my nipples.

I felt my pussy convulse and tighten, a huge wave of sexual ecstasy washed over me and I flung my head back, arched my back off of the bed and rode out the biggest orgasm I had ever given to myself. 

"FUCCCKKKKKK" I moaned out as my pussy juices dripped from my hot, wet cunt. 

It took me several minutes to regain my composure as I came down from my orgasm. The thoughts of my son's body still raced through my mind as my breathing began to slow and my heart rate returned to normal. 

As I lay awake, trying to fall asleep that night, I considered what I had just done. What kind of perverted mother was I, Bringing myself to orgasm thinking about my own son?  

For the first time, I began to think of my son as a sexual being. I knew he had sex with his girlfriends but I never considered what it might be like if I was to have sex with him. Again I allowed my hands to wander over my large 36dd boobs and slowly down to my wet pussy lips. 

**********

Ever since that night, I had been trying to put thoughts of my son out of my mind but I was finding it more and more difficult. These images just kept entering my head, thoughts of him naked, his hard young frame, lying on top of me, giving his own mother a good hard fuck!

That Saturday morning, as I walked back up the stairs, I wasn't thinking about my son in a sexual way, only that he was late getting up and would probably want me to wake him, so he could get to the gym.

I got to the top of the stairs and walked over to his door, which was shut. I gently tapped on it and said "Jake are you awake". No Reply.

Again I tapped on the door and waited for an answer, again nothing.

I pushed down the handle and slowly opened the door inwards. The sun shone brightly through the window and onto my face. I had to close my eyes half shut to shield the sunlight. I looked across the room to where my son's bed was. The sun was making it hard to see clearly. I brought my hand across my forehead to block the light from my eyes.

As my eyes focused more clearly, I could see Jake laid out on his bed. His face looked so peaceful and his eyes were shut tight. He was laid flat on his back with his arm across his chest and his other one down by his side. 

Then I saw it.

My eyes were immediately drawn down his body to his crotch. The bed covers had been completely kicked back and Jake was totally naked.

My eyes widened and my mouth dropped. I took an involuntary sharp intake of breath and my whole body jerked backwards. 

I was staring straight at the biggest, largest, hardest cock I had ever seen. I stood transfixed as my eyes glued onto my son's gigantic length. 

His cock was laying heavily on his stomach, slightly arched upwards, his large bulbous cock head pointing straight towards his face.

It was raging hard and even from the distance away that I was, about 10 feet, I could clearly see the thick veins that ran the whole length of this monster shaft. 

"Holy Fuck" I muttered as I stood completely transfixed on my son's hard cock. I had never seen a prick this big, It was easily twice the size of my ex-husbands and looked to be much, much thicker. 

I finally managed to tear my eyes away and look at my son's face. He had not stirred and still slept soundly, despite my audible gasp of shock. 

Returning my eyes to his dick, I stepped forward and further into the room, the sunlight moved from my eyes and as I got closer to his bed, the full magnificent sight of this hard, young cock was oh so clear.

I now stood just a few feet from the bed, looking down onto my son and the epic sight of his huge morning wood. His whole body looked sculptured like some ancient Greek god, a modern day Adonis. The sunlight lit his whole figure and caused a dark shadow across his stomach, caused of course by his glorious hard-on.

I fixed my gaze intently on his cock, my eyes still wide and my mouth practically drooling. Every inch of his giant pole looked shiny and perfect. Every vein looked ready to burst out from under the tight firm skin. His large fat cock-head stood proudly just a few inches from his stomach, as he breathed it raised and fell ever so slightly. It was the most amazing sight I had ever witnessed. 

I stood with my hand drawn across my mouth trying to prevent any sounds of shock or excitement from escaping. My breathing had grown heavy and my heart pounded against my chest. My boobs heaved under my robe and I felt an intense but immense feeling deep inside me. My pussy suddenly felt hot and wet, almost willing me to put my fingers down there.

I continued to move my eyes along my son's naked frame, admiring the six pack of his stomach, his hard chest muscles and his handsome young sleeping face, but all the time being drawn back to his massive hard-on. 

Images flashed across my mind, how amazing it must feel to have that huge thing going inside a pussy. I felt intense jealousy towards all the girls that knew Jake, especially the ones I knew he had sex with. My god I bet that giant thing could just rip a pussy apart.

I noticed his big balls too, hanging below his legs and resting gently on the bed. They looked like two golf balls; perfectly rounded and formed, full of potent young spunk.

I felt my pussy get wetter as his massive stick twitched, my breathing grew heavier and I had to press my hand to my mouth even tighter to try to hold it in.

No mother should look at her son the way I did that morning, but the sight of that cock protruding from my boy was too much too walk away from. No mother should stand watching her son sleep naked while the biggest, fattest cock she has ever seen rests before her eyes, but that morning I was glued to the spot. 

I must have stood looking at him for over ten minutes but it seemed longer. I just could not pull myself away from this god before me. The sun beat down on his whole body through the window, creating a perfect glean on his frame. 

My whole body shook with intense excitement and at the same time intense nervousness. What would I say if he woke up and caught me staring at his huge cock, His own mother admiring that giant love pole?

Finally I began to step back, ever so quietly towards the door. My eyes remained transfixed on his body but especially on that prick. 

I managed to get back through the door and gently pull it back shut; as I did I finally removed my hand from my mouth and leaped away from the door. 

I ran the short distance down the hall and into my own bedroom, closing the door behind me. I darted across the room and tugged at the cord around my dressing gown. I threw them open and tossed the robe over my shoulders. My huge tits leaped forwards as I threw myself down onto my bed and onto my back. 

Now naked, I spread my legs wide and slapped my hand between my legs, clawing my fingers along my pussy lips. My heavy breathing caused my tits to fall and rise across my chest and my whole body shook with excitement. I had never been this turned on in the whole of my life.

"OH FUCK!" I groaned out loud as I shoved three fingers deep into my wet cunt, grabbing my boobs with my other hand.

I pumped my hand against my wet cunt and dug my fingers in deep. I could feel my pussy muscles tighten and clench around my fingers, my whole insides felt on fire.

The sight of that huge cock just burned into my thoughts as I picked up the pace of my deep finger fucking. I could hear the wet squelching sounds get louder as I forced a fourth finger up myself. 

"Oh my god that cock is soooo fucking big," I moaned as I imaged it sliding up my wet pussy.

The thought of fucking my son now consumed my mind as I felt myself ready to explode at any moment. My heartbeat raced and my breathing grew very loud as I kept slamming my fist towards my insides, slapping my knuckles against my clit each time I drove my fingers in. 

Bringing my other hand down I threw my legs high and wide and gave my clit button a hard slap with the tips of my fingers, then began to furiously strum my clit with all my strength.

"OH FUCK YESSSSSSS," I now screamed.

My moans of intense pleasure grew louder and I didn't care who heard me. I could feel my pussy oozing all over my invading fingers and coating them in my thick hot juices. 

I arched my back and lifted my ample ass from the bed as my pussy clenched and fluxed, then erupted in a huge messy orgasm. My whole body shook violently from head to toe. I clenched my teeth tightly, held my eyes closed as my legs involuntarily slapped together and I gripped my thighs around my fist and forearm. 

I rode the orgasmic wave of intense lust that overtook my whole body and soul. I was in sexual heaven.

*

When I had finally composed myself, I just lay still on my bed, my eyes still rolling in my head. All I could think about was my son, that hard young body laying there, so vulnerable and taboo, but yet so free and tempting. The images of that massive young cock just filled my mind; I had never suspected that my son was so fantastically well hung. 

 His father had been so average and ordinary that I could not even imagine where he had got such a magnificent gene from. I mean it was easily double the size of my husbands and so much thicker. It was perfect in every way.

As I lay there contemplating what it must feel like to take inside, there was a loud knock at my bedroom door. Jake called out, "Mom I am off to the gym, see you later on."

"OK" I called out as I threw my bed covers over my naked body, fearing he may open the door.

I listened as he ran down the stairs and a few seconds later I heard the door close. 

I threw the covers off of me again and got up from the bed. I noticed a large wet patch on the mattress where I had been laying. I could smell the unmistakable odour of sex in the room.

Getting dressed I headed downstairs and cleaned up the kitchen, but the sight of my son, I just could not get from my mind.

That mighty large cock filled my every thought and my pussy was now constantly wet.

Later that day I needed to go shopping.

As I walked along the street, my mind was constantly wandering away from my surroundings. I blocked out all of the noise around me and although my eyes were open; my mind was just filled with thoughts and images of my son.

"Hey watch where you're going," a man shouted at me as I collided into him. 

"I'm very sorry," I said as he looked at me with distain. 

This was crazy; I had to get my mind straight. Seeing my son naked and that amazing finger fuck I had given myself had put me into some sort of shock. But I took a deep breath and carried on along the street.

About half an hour later, having done most of my shopping, I noticed I was just walking past an adult shop. I had walked past many times but had never gone inside. I had often wanted to but what was the point? It sold stuff like naughty underwear and outfits, sex toys and.......

"Sex toys...I wonder," I muttered to myself.

My ex-husband had never been interested in seeing me dress sexy for him so I never bothered, but I could use a sex toy now he's gone.

I walked swiftly into the store, hoping not to be seen by anyone who knew me.

Inside, I was shocked by the stuff they had. Walking around seeing crotch less panties and hot little see-through baby doll nighties, really naughty outfits of school girls and nurses, whips, handcuffs and full body leather kits. Shit this was making me hot.

Then as I walked past a display of wedding night underwear I saw the whole wall beyond covered in dildo's and vibrators.

Walking over to them, I felt my pussy getting hot just seeing the size and shape of some of these things. There were big black ones and pink ones. Some long, some short, some thick, some thin. The vibrators had little bits sticking out of them and one that really got me horny had two ends on it, one for the pussy and one for the ass.

Then near the top of the shelves I noticed one that took my breath away.

It was in a box with a plastic window on the front. The box read, 'Big Bully'. 

"Fuck that looks like Jake's," I said. Turning round I made sure nobody had heard me, before moving my gaze back to the box. 

I reached up and took it from the rack. As I brought it closer to me, the images of my son's cock again filled my mind. This huge big bully dildo looked just like what I had seen laying on my son's bed this morning.

It was just as long and thick and could almost have been moulded from Jake's own cock. 

I felt my pussy getting wet and I had to squeeze my legs together to contain my sexual urges. I imagined lying on my bed shoving this huge toy inside my hot cunt, banging away at my pussy while I thought of my son. If I could not have his real 'big bully' cock, then at least I could have something that looked very much like it.

I felt very naughty and embarrassed as I paid for the huge toy. The lady behind the counter seemed to give a little smile when she saw me walk up with it.

As I walked home, I thought back to the days of my dull marriage. I have always been a good looking woman. My tits have always been these epic 36dd, they stick out from whatever top I wear and my nipples always seem to be hard. I always kept in shape and always turned heads. My husband used to appreciate all this when we were first together and loved nothing more than to suck on my mounds while we fucked. But as the years went by he grew less interested to the point where he ran off with that younger woman.

I have always considered myself to be pretty good in the bedroom. I do get pretty wild and love to talk dirty but my husband never really liked it. I longed to be with someone that I could truly open myself up to and get really wild with.

I thought about that huge monster toy in my bag and how hard I was going to fuck myself with it, especially after seeing how much it resembled my son's giant dick. Again I got horny thinking about that super looking young cock and Jake's fine body. I started to walk quicker, I needed to fuck myself.
