 This is a deliberate homage to the wok of Eros (particularly "Hot, Horny Family" and "Mothers and Sons) and like his stories it's short on plot and long on sex.

Even if not stated in the story, everybody is 18 or over.

********

"That's it mom, take my cum all over those big tits of yours,"

Jill stood outside her son's room, shocked at the words she'd heard him say. She knew she shouldn't, but she couldn't help peeking through the gap between the door and the frame, her eyes widening at what she saw.

Tony stood near his bed, totally naked, his hand stroking the biggest cock she had ever seen. His eyes were closed as he wanked the huge shaft, a thick line of pre-cum hanging from the bulbous end.

"Yeah, take it," he said to himself. "Gonna cum over those big fucking tits,"

Jill's mind was in a whirl. Only twenty minutes or so before, Tony had made the latest in a long line of passes at her, trying to turn a maternal peck on the cheek into a furious tongue lashing kiss while pawing at her breasts. She'd sent him up here, to his room, and once she'd caught her breath had phoned her older sister, Kara.

". . . and this isn't the first time he's tried it, either," she'd said to her after explaining what had happened.

"It's to be expected, Jill," Kara had said. "He's a horny teenaged boy with a hot mom. Hell, I'm going to have to have the same conversation with Paul any day soon,"

"Has Paul made a pass at you?" Jill had asked, shocked that her shy nephew would do such a thing.

"Well no, not really," Kara had said. "But I've seen how he looks at me and you. Face it, Jill, we're two hot moms with horny young sons who are eager to fuck anything they can,"

Jill had to admit Kara was right. Both she and her sister had been blessed with good looks and fantastic figures. Jill knew how often she'd seen men and women staring at the huge tits she had that, despite being in her mid-thirties and the mother of a teenaged son, had lost none of their firmness. With her trim waist, her bust appeared to be even bigger and that, coupled with her round, pert ass, had led many men to assume she was just a sex-mad nympho. Including, it seemed, her own son and nephew. When both she and Kara were together they were often mistaken for twins as they looked so similar; not only facially but figure-wise as well.

"The best thing you can do, Jill, is confront him with the situation. Tell him how you feel," Kara had said. "That's what I plan to do with Paul,"

After putting the phone down, Jill had wondered about Kara's words. Her hesitation stemmed from the idea of telling Tony how she felt - while Kara obviously had no idea, Jill was scared of the feelings her son brought out in her.

Now, watching him jerk off, his huge cock in his hand, she wondered whether she was doing the right thing. Summoning all her courage, she tapped on the door and walked in without giving Tony chance to do anything.

"Tony, we need to talk," she said, trying desperately not to look at his cock.

"Fuck, mom, can't I get any privacy?" he said. To her surprise, he didn't pause in his masturbation, but merely sat on the bed, his big dick standing upright in his hand. "I was kinda busy," he said with a grin.

"Tony, please, stop that and cover yourself while I'm speaking to you," she said. "You shouldn't do that in front of your mother."

"Why not? I was thinking of you anyway and having you there to look at is even better," he said.

"That's what we need to speak about," Jill said. "You thinking of me like this. It's not right."

"Why don't you sit here and tell me why it's so wrong, mom?" Tony sat, patting the bed beside him, his other hand still moving up and down his hard-on.

Before she knew what she was doing, Jill sat next to her son. To her shame, she could feel her pussy moistening; just being next to him and slyly watching him stroke his dick was turning her on!

"Tony, you can't think of me this way. It's got to stop. And . . . And jacking off in front of me? What are you thinking?" Jill asked, looking at him.

"I can't stop thinking about you like this, mom," Tony said with that same grin. "You're hot as hell, you've got a fantastic ass and those tits are just . . . Fuck, mom, you're the horniest looking woman I've ever seen!"

"But baby, it's wrong," Jill said, dropping her gaze and finding herself staring right at his cock. It twitched as she watched, a thick blob of pre-cum spilling out of the end and running down the shaft only to be spread out by his still moving hand.

"Show me your tits, mom," Tony said. "Maybe if I see them I'll stop thinking about them,"

"Oh baby, don't, you can't ask your mother such things," Jill said, still watching him jerk off.

"Come on, mom," he said with a little more force. "I swear I'll never ask you again,"

Unable to believe she was doing it, frantically trying to convince herself that he was right and this was the way to end it, she took hold of the bottom of her T-shirt and pulled it up to her chin. She hadn't worn a bra and could feel herself flushing with both shame and pride as Tony gasped in awe at the site of her huge jugs, each one easily as big as her head.

"There, that should be enough," she said after the briefest of moments, pulling her top back down.

"That wasn't long enough, mom," Tony said. "Take your top off. Let me see you hold them,"

"No," Jill said. "I shouldn't have done it in the first place,"

"Take your top off," Tony said again. "I want to see them while I jerk off. It's the only way I'll get it out of my system."

Unable to look at him, she grabbed her T-shirt once more and this time pulled it over her head, shaking her hair loose as she placed her top beside her.

"There, happy now?" she said.

"Fuck yeah!" Tony said, licking his lips as he stared at his mom's big tits, his hand speeding up on his cock. "Hold them together, mom," he said. "Let me see you cupping those big fucking tits!"

Shuddering with shame and excitement, her nipples hard despite herself, Jill took her tits in her hands and pushed them together, her cleavage deep and inviting. She wasn't too surprised when Tony stood up in front of her, his huge cock pointing at her. 

"This is so wrong, baby," she said, glancing at the big knob that bounced in front of her as his hand worked up and down the shaft.

"There's nothing wrong about this, mom," Tony said. "This is what I've been dreaming about for so long."

He stepped forward just as a string of pre-cum slipped out of his cock and fell heavily between her tits. She could feel the thick, slimy fluid easing between her big, round tits and gasped, her pussy clenching between her legs, juices starting to flow quickly.

"You gotta let me do this, mom," Tony said, hunching slightly and moving forward, pushing his big dick between her now slippery tits. Jill bit her bottom lip to stop herself crying out in pleasure as she felt her son's hot, hard cock slide into her cleavage and start moving back and forth. Her own son was tit-fucking her and she wasn't stopping him! What was wrong with her?

"Fuck that feels so good," Tony gasped, gently sawing his cock in and out of her cleavage. "Let me sit down again," he said, pulling his dick free and sitting beside his mother on the bed. "Come on, mom, this'll be more comfortable," he said, taking her arm and easing her off the bed.

She couldn't believe what she was doing - letting her son guide her on to her knees and between his legs. Without protest, though, she knelt in front of him and freely held her tits apart to allow him to push his rigid dick between them, before she wrapped them round his cock once more.

"Oh yeah, that's what I want, mom," he said as without a word she began moving her huge tits up and down his dick. Jill's mind was a whirl of contradictions: not only was she letting him tit-fuck her, she was helping him do it! Her rational mind was screaming at her to run out of the room, but her body was telling her to stay, her pussy awash with juices, her nipples harder than they ever had been.

She moaned, despite herself, when she felt his hand run through her thick blonde hair to the back of her head, easing her forwards and down.

"Suck my cock, mom," he said softly. "You know you want to,"

And god help her he was right, she realised. With only the slightest whimper, she dipped her head and as the top half of his cock peeked out from between her big tits, she opened her mouth and flicked out her tongue.

It was Tony's turn to moan as he both saw and felt her tongue lash around the thick knob of his dick, eagerly lapping at the pre-cum that flowed from the end before she moved again ad engulfed his cock in her mouth.

"Oh fuck yeah . . . Suck my cock, mom . . . Suck it good," he cried, watching as she bobbed up and down on his length.

Jill could barely control herself. She was blowing her own son! She loved the feel of his cock between her tits and in her mouth! She loved the taste of his pre-cum and could barely wait to make him shoot off, giving her the cum she hadn't realised she so desperately needed.

As if reading her mind, Tony gasped out "Fuck mom, I'm gonna cum!"

Catching her off guard, he stood once more, moving her back a little, and jacked on his dick again. Jill knelt in front of him, cupping her tits and looking up at her son's big cock.

"Open your mouth, mom," Tony gasped. "Fuck, it's gonna be a big load!"

He grunted as his cock lurched and spat out a thick wad of spunk that landed on Jill's face, laying from her hairline, over her eye and down her cheek before running along her jaw. Another followed, laying another huge line over her face before another came and another. His cock churned out cum time and again, some of it ending up in her open mouth, a lot coating her face before he hunched over and pointed his dick at her tits. Still he came, shooting rope after rope across her huge tits before standing back up and easing his dick back between her lips, sighing as his mother eagerly swallowed the last few spurts.

"Fuck," he gasped, looking down at his mother. She knelt there, dazed and confused, covered in his jism. He'd long imagined giving his mother a facial and now it had happened. "Fuck," he said again, slipping his cock from her mouth and sliding it over her face, smearing his thick cum over her skin. "Thanks, mom," he said with a grin.

His words seemed to startle her into action and she blinked as if only just realising where she was and what had happened.

"How could you do that to me?" she asked, standing up quickly. "We are never to speak of this again!" she said and ran out of his room into her own, leaving her son pleased but confused.

Safe in her own room, Jill stood trying to rationalise what had happened. She'd meant to stop things but had only made things worse. She walked over to her dressing table and looked at herself in the mirror - topless and flushed, she couldn't believe she was covered in her son's cum!

"Never again," she said quietly. "Never again."

She watched herself in the mirror, though, as she wiped at the thick layer of jism that coated her face. Without thinking, she sucked on her fingers, cleaning them of his tasty spunk. She did the same again and again, scooping up his huge load and eating it down, all the while promising herself nothing like this would ever happen again.

*

Across town, Kara found herself wondering about her sister's problem. She had been right when she'd said it was only natural that Tony should want to fuck her - he was a young, horny teenager and she'd often seen how he had stared at both his mother and herself. Unlike Jill, though, Kara enjoyed the attention. She liked nothing more than having an eager teenage boy ready and willing to do what she wanted.

Which made her think of her own son, Paul. The two boys had been born weeks apart and had grown up together more like brothers than cousins but they had turned out quite differently.

Tony, Kara knew, was brash and confident and knew how to get what he wanted most of the time. Paul, though, was more reserved and often shy. Despite his age and good looks, Kara knew her son had never had a really serious girlfriend even though he'd had lots of girls ask him out. In all likelihood, he was probably still a virgin. But, like his cousin Tony, he was still a hot blooded, horny teenager.

She'd lost count of how many girlie magazines she'd found under his bed or the sites he'd visited on the net and the pictures he downloaded into a folder which he thought she'd never find. All of his favourite girls, whether on the net or in the magazines, had one thing in common: they all had really big tits. Some of them had implants, some of them were natural, some only did soft core layouts, others were about as hardcore as they could be. Whichever girl it was, though, it was their big tits that were the focus. As stacked as Kara was, it was no real surprise her son had grown up with something of a tit fetish.

And if Tony was old enough to start pawing at his own mother, then she thought it was time Paul did the same. Unlike her sister, Kara had no worries about fucking her own son; actually, she was intent on doing it.

That evening, after they had eaten together, Paul went to his room. Kara gave him a little time before heading up to her room and getting changed; gone were her jeans and smart, casual blouse, replaced with skin tight jogging pants and a T-shirt that she had never worn out of the house. It had shrunk the first time she washed it and was really too small for her. The thin material clung to her big tits and the neck line had torn, leaving a V shaped gap at the front through which the tops of her tits and her cleavage were clearly visible. Smiling to herself, she walked to Paul's room and tapped on the door.

"Paul, honey, can I come in?" she said, opening the door and looking in.

"Um . . . Sure, mom, gimme a sec," Paul said hurriedly. He was sat at his PC and was frantically clicking the mouse, obviously closing down some files or folders.

As she walked in, she noticed he'd changed into a pair of pajamas and a T-shirt and despite his best attempts there was no chance of hiding the enormous hard-on that tented out the front of his trousers.

"What are you up to, honey?" she asked innocently, stepping over to the desk and leaning down beside him on his right hand side to look at the screen.

"Nothing, mom, honest," he said quickly. As he moved the mouse, still trying to close down some windows, Kara felt his arm brush against her tits that hung low in the T-shirt, the V neck stretching obscenely. Feeling the contact, he glanced quickly over and gasped as he saw his mom's tits almost on display.

"No need to be ashamed of anything, honey," Kara said, reaching out and taking hold of the mouse from his hand, her tits pressing into his arm. "Let's see what's in here," she said, directing the cursor to a folder called CShots.

"Mom, wait, no," Paul said but Kara had already opened the folder, knowing full well what she would find. Dozens of thumbnails spread across the screen, each one showing girls smiling up at the camera, their big tits plastered with jism. Some had one or two small puddles but most of them were simply covered in the stuff, and not just their tits, either; most of the time their faces had been glazed as well.

"Mom, I'm really sorry," Paul said, his face flushed with embarrassment.

"Oh Paul, honey, there's nothing to worry about," Kara said, double clicking on one picture and launching it full screen. A pretty brunette with big tits sat on her haunches, licking her lips, cum having run from her face down on to her jugs. Three guys stood around her, holding their now spent cocks. "Bet you'd like to do that to a girl, wouldn't you?" she said with a laugh.

"Mom, don't, please, I'm embarrassed enough already,"

Kara clicked over on to the next picture which showed a more mature woman kneeling next to a younger girl, both of them pushing their big tits together as a man stood beside them, shooting an impressive load over their jugs.

"Mmm, that's a lot of cum for one guy," Kara said. "Do you cum as much, honey?"

"Mom!" Paul said, shocked at her question. She simply smiled and as she clicked back to the folder, she glanced down at Paul's hard-on which still stood proud in his pajamas.

"Let's see what this movie is," she said, double clicking on the icon.

"Oh shit," Paul said as he realised what file she was opening. Kara had already seen the clip and had chosen it deliberately. It was from a website called BangAMommy.com and specialised in guys fucking older women who pretended to be mothers.

The movie clip - just a 30second freebie from the site - opened and showed a big titted porn star on her knees, holding her jugs together as a guy jerked off in front of her.

"Cum for mommy," the woman said directly into the camera. "Cum on mommy's tits," she said as the guy stroked his dick. She urged him on but just as he grunted that he was going to cum, the clip ended.

"That's a shame," Kara said. "I wanted to see that."

She closed the file down and turned to her son, still bent over, her big jugs pressing against his arm, her nipples stiff.

"Have you ever done anything like that with a girl?" she asked him softly.

"No," he whispered.

"I bet you'd like to, wouldn't you?" she asked him. He nodded, his face beet red with shame. "Would you like to do that to me?"

Paul looked at her in amazement as she moved away from the desk for a moment and spun him round in the swivel chair so that he faced her. She put her hands on the arms of the chair and leaned forward, her tits stretching the thin cloth of her T-shirt, the V revealing most of her big tits. She smiled as she saw him blatantly stare at her cleavage, his cock visibly twitching in his pajamas.

"If you want me, Paul, all you have to say is yes. I'll kneel down right now and suck that big cock of yours and let you shoot your load all over my tits, over my face, anywhere you like. All you have to say is yes, honey."

Paul gulped and managed to tear his eyes away from his mom's tits and look at her.

"Yes," he whispered, not really believing this was happening.

Kara smiled.

"That's my boy," she said, and slowly knelt in front of him between his legs. She grabbed the hem of her T-shirt and pulled it up and over her head, showing her son her huge tits for the first time, grinning as he gaped at them in awe. Just like her sister Jill, each one was as big as her head but had retained their firmness; she could easily have been one of the porn stars that Paul looked at on his computer.

"I think you need to lose your pajamas, honey," she said, fondling her own tits.

Paul quickly sat up and pushed his pants down, kicking them free, his eyes never leaving his mom's big jugs. For her part, Kara was transfixed by her son's massive hard-on, easily the biggest she had ever seen. As he sat back down, she reached out and took hold of it, feeling the hot, hard flesh. It twitched in her hand and a thick line of pre-cum appeared at the end of the big knob, trickling down over her fingers as she slowly jacked him off.

"Oh honey, that's a big fucking cock," she said, making Paul grin sheepishly. "Would you like mommy to suck on it?"

"Ye - Yes," he stammered.

She leaned forward and licked his hard length slowly, all the while staring up at him. As she reached the head, she started planting kisses on it, her tongue flicking out and licking up the pre-cum that almost constantly dribbled from the shiny knob.

"Mmmm, mommy likes your cock cream, honey," she said, slurping at the end of his dick before rubbing it all over her face. "Will you give me a big load if I suck your cock? Will you give mommy lots of hot, tasty cum?"

Paul could only nod. Kara smiled before spreading her lips around her son's thick, flared cock head, taking it into her mouth inch by inch, looking up at Paul all the while.
