 I picked up my niece Beth and drove to the baseball game in Cleveland for her 18th birthday present. She turned 18 a few weeks ago and this was the 1st time we could sneak off together. We lived in Pennsylvania and we're both avid Yankee fans and decided to play hooky and go watch the game and have some fun. I'm married so I had to lie to my wife and tell her I was going to the game with a friend and we were going to sleep overnight. I didn't want my wife to know I was going to spend time overnight with our niece in another city; she would have not allowed it. My niece was a big Yankee fan and wanted to go see them in the worst way and also wanted to party with her Uncle Jim. She's always been naive and didn't think there was anything wrong with staying in the same room with her uncle. I told Beth not to tell anybody about our trip because they might get mad, especially her aunt so she agreed to keep quiet about it. My plan was to get her drunk and then try to fuck her.

I always thought my niece Beth was hot and was curious to see what would happen when we spent the night together in the same room after partying all day long. She had big tits, a great body and was very pretty. She liked to flirt and was a lot of fun. She had been trying to get me out drinking with her for a while now but I always turned her down because I thought it was wrong for an uncle to be out drinking with his niece. I changed my mind about this when I witnessed my wife having sex with my nephew (see Forcing Aunt Lisa) who happens to be the twin of Beth. I decided I wanted the same thing my wife was getting, hot inappropriate sex with a younger relative and now that Beth was legal, I was going to give it the good old college try.

When she got into the car, I was floored by her outfit. She had on short skirt on and her tits were just about falling out of her blouse. She sat down, leaned over and gave me a kiss on the lips and said hello. I said hello and off we went. The ride seemed like it lasted about 5 minutes because I was always trying to look at her tits or see her panties because her skirt kept riding up her legs.

We arrived at the game and sat down in our great seats and started drinking. She was young and didn't know how to pace herself. By the end of the game, she must have had 10 wine coolers while I had 2 beers. She was drunk by now so and we went to check into our hotel room. We got to the room and it only had a king size bed. I told her I would get us a new room and she said it was ok as long as I behaved myself. I told her I would try and we both laughed.

She was in a wild mood and got on the bed and started jumping. Her skirt was flying up like a scene from the Man Show. She didn't realize that her uncle was able to see her panties and her tits had escaped from her blouse and were only contained by a see through bra. I got on the bed with her and started to also jump. I grabbed her by the waist and jumped with her. My hands "accidentally" reached up and unhooked her bra. It went flying off and now her tits we flopping all over the place. She finally noticed what happened and stopped jumping and said drunkenly "Uncle Jim, look at my tits, they fell out and I didn't even know." She fell on the bed and was laughing and I lay down next to her. She didn't cover up her tits and her skirt had pulled up and her legs we spread and I could see her pussy hair peaking out of her panties. She was clearly blitzed and was having a hard time focusing.

I decided to see how far I could take this and started to fondle her tits and softly rub her nipples. She clearly liked it but she said "Uncle Jim, please don't touch my tits and rub my nipples, it's not right."

I said "Beth, nobody will ever know, let me touch them for a minute." She didn't say anything so I just kept it up. 

After a few minutes of this I decided to suck on her nipples and when I started she said "UNCLE JIM! You were only going to touch them, not suck them!" 

I replied "Honey, I'm only touching them with my mouth." She grunted but didn't answer so I knew she was either ok with it or too far gone to care and either way meant that I was not going to stop and I was going to push it further.

I pushed it further by placing my hand on her inside thigh and then starting to rub there. She didn't say anything so I slowly made my way up until I was touching her panties with my fingers and then I started to slowly rub her pussy through her panties. She moaned to me "Uncle Jim nooooo, you can't touch my pussy, you're my uncle and it is wrong. Please stop, please." 

I kept on rubbing and said "I'm only touching you through your panties; just let me rub your pussy for a few minutes." 

She finally said "you can only rub me through my panties for a few minutes and then you have to stop touching me."

I now had reached the next stage where my niece against her better judgment because she was drunk was letting me rub her pussy through her panties. While I kept on rubbing I was trying to think of a way to get her panties off. I finally had a plan and stopped rubbing her pussy through her panties and started to pull off her panties. She immediately yelled "UNCLE JIM! STOP! I NEVER SAID YOU COULD PULL OFF MY PANTIES! I'VE NEVER SHOWN MY PUSSY TO ANYBODY." 

I didn't know she was a virgin until this very moment and said to her "Beth, you told me I had to stop rubbing your pussy through your panties and I'm stopping. I just want to see what your pussy looks like. Just one time; let me see your pussy; just a quick look, please." 

She was trying to think in her drunken state and finally said "Uncle Jim, I won't let you take my panties off; you'll try to fuck me if I do and you're my uncle and I'm a virgin." 

I said "Honey, just let me look for a minute; I'll just pull the panties to the side and take a quick peek, please." She didn't say anything so I took that for a yes and started to pull her panties to the side. I started to see more of her pussy hair and I kept on moving her panties and finally saw her pussy. She had small lips with a big bud on top that was hiding her clit. I spread her legs as wide as possible and this opened up her cunt lips and I could see her fuck hole was closed; clearly she was a virgin. 

I moved closer to her pussy to smell it and I pulled her cunt lips apart and she said "DON'T TOUCH IT! You can look at it and sniff it you pervert but you can't touch it." 

I said "let me just spread your pussy lips so I can actually see your pussy." She didn't say anything so I kept my fingers on her pussy lips and spread them while moving to within a few inches so I could get a great look and sniff her pussy. As I got closer I could see her pussy was getting wet; she was clearly enjoying me playing with her pussy. I never had a virgin before so I was very curious what a virgin pussy looked like. Even with her pussy lips spread her fuck hole was completed closed. I've never seen a hotter thing in my life and my cock was harder than I ever remember. I started to blow softly on her clit while I massaged her pussy lips. She started to move her hips and groan while I kept this up. I finally moved my finger up to her clit and rubbed it softly. She moaned deeply and I kept this up for a while as she moved her hips faster and faster and then I stuck a finger into her tight virgin pussy until I met her intact hymen. 

I kept my finger in her pussy and moved it slightly back and forth keeping her hymen intact as she groaned "Uncle Jim, you shouldn't have done that, you made me all wet down there and I felt my pussy have strange contractions that made me feel like I've never felt before. Please take your finger out of my pussy." 

She must have had an orgasm but I couldn't feel it because I didn't have my finger past her hymen. I wanted by cock to pop her cherry, not my finger and now I knew I had a good chance to fuck my niece. She probably would never have let me done this if she wasn't drunk but the alcohol was helping me break down her defenses. I now moved my tongue to her clit and licked it gently and she screamed "Uncle Jim! NO! DON'T LICK MY PUSSY! IT'S GROSS AND YOU'RE MY UNCLE! PLEASE STOP! PLEASE!" I ignored her pleas and dug in since she wasn't really fighting me. She was telling me no but she was letting me lick her clit and moving her hips to increase the pressure on her clit from my tongue. I started to lick her entire pussy and stick my tongue in her pussy and I could tell she was going to cum again. She was breathing hard and was moving her hips fast when I latched on to her clit and started sucking it. She screamed in pleasure and came all over my face as she rubbed her pussy all over my face until she started to come down from her peak and then collapsed on the bed. 

I quickly saw my chance to fuck her and took off my pants and underwear on got on top of her and spread her legs as wide as possible. I moved her panties over and moved my cock to her wet and ready pussy and pushed the head in. While I was doing this I grabbed my cell phone and started a video; I wanted to have a record of me taking my niece's cherry. Beth immediately tried to scramble away and yelled "UNCLE JIM! NOOOO! TAKE YOUR COCK OUT OF ME! I DON'T WANT YOU TO FUCK ME! I'M A VIRGIN, DON'T TAKE MY CHERRY. Please take it out. Please." 

I kept my cock head in her pussy and said "Beth, just let me put it in for a minute. I promise I'll take it out in a minute. Doesn't it feel good?" 

Beth said "Uncle Jim, it feels great but you're my uncle and it's not right. I'll let you keep it in for one minute but don't cum in me; I'm not using birth control. ONE MINUTE and then take it out." I immediately started to push my cock in deeper as Beth screamed "NOOOO! DON'T POP MY CHERRY! STOP! IT HURTS! STOP PUSHING IT IN! DON'T GO ANY DEEPER, YOU PROMISED TO JUST PUT THE HEAD IN! MY VIRGINITY! OHHHHHH! OH MY GOD! IT HURTS! STOP! YOU BUSTED MY CHERRY! YOU TOOK MY VIRGINITY YOU FUCKING BASTARD! IT HURTS SO BAD, PLEASE STOP!" 

I kept pushing and said "Beth, I just want us to know what it feels like to put have my cock all the way in your pussy. It won't make any difference since I already took your cherry and I'm half way in your cunt. I promise I won't cum in your cunt." 

Beth was quickly losing control and said "Do you promise not to cum in me?" 

I now realized that I was going to cum in her and I said "I promise not to cum in your cunt." I now started to fuck her, pulling it out till only the head was in and the pushing it back in. My cock was coated with her blood; caused by the tearing of her hymen. THIS WAS FUCKING HOT; I FUCKING TOOK MY NEICE'S CHERRY! I made sure to get video of the blood as proof of taking her virginity. I was getting deeper with each stroke and finally got it all in with my balls resting on her ass as we moved together to try to get it in as deep as possible. I then began to really fuck her with deep long strokes and she was groaning each time I rammed it home. I could feel my niece's cunt tighten up as she was getting ready to cum again so I pushed my cock in all the way and I then felt her pussy squeeze my cock over and over as she came again. 

She came down from her orgasm and I was still buried deep inside her. She says "Uncle Jim, take it out now, I don't want you to cum in me." 

I said "don't worry honey, I won't cum in you and I'm also fixed so you can't get pregnant by me." Now that was a total lie but a cock in a pussy has no conscience. 

Beth said "I guess you can fuck me a little longer but please pull out before you cum." I could tell she was working up to letting me cum in her; she believed my lie and her drunken state was allowing me to talk her into anything.

I put her legs on my shoulders and started to pump her hard. She was moaning and grunting and was totally into fucking me back as hard as she could. We were both building up to a mutual orgasm that could not be denied. I told Beth "I'm going to cum in your pussy; don't worry you won't get pregnant; I'm fixed." She didn't say anything and just fucked me back as hard as she could. I started to swell up as she came again and then I shot my potent sperm deep in her pussy. We came together and I couldn't believe how incredible it was to cum in my niece's tight virgin pussy while she was cumming on my cock knowing she was unprotected and my sperm might impregnate her. I stopped the video session on my cell phone and put it down. I was definitely going to save this video and watch it over and over, maybe even put it out on the internet.

We stopped moving and just groaned in our post orgasm bliss. I kissed her neck and then sucked her tits and nipples and told her how hot she was. She asked me "Uncle Jim; am I a good fuck?"

I said "Beth, you're the best."

She thanked me and asked "Uncle Jim, what about Aunt Lisa?" 

I told her "no one needs to know about this except us. I'll always remember making love to you. It was the most beautiful feeling in the world and I'm honored to take your cherry. You're beautiful and sexy and any man would be lucky to have you." 

She replied "I never knew fucking felt so good. My girlfriends all told me it did but it's just fucking incredible. It was the most beautiful feeling in the world but thank god you're fixed because I'm at the peak time to get pregnant." 

I thought to myself that she was probably in for a big surprise in a few weeks. Maybe I could dump a few more loads in her pussy to make sure she would get pregnant. My cock finally slipped out of her cum filled hole and I watched as her pussy closed up. We fell asleep in each other arms and I woke up a few hours later and my niece was lying on her stomach with her legs spread.

To be continued...