 I've always loved him. always wanted him. I never said anything never told him my feelings never told him that I watched him undress and watched him fuck his girlfriends. Maybe he would think I was sick maybe he would feel the same either way I had never told him anything. Until now.

My brother Mike was hot he was the sexist man I had ever seen. We had always had a close relationship, but not as close as I dreamed of. I have always wanted to fuck my brother, I watched him undress a few times and loved his body and his cock, it was at least 8 inches and that was 5 years ago. I haven't seen him in 4 years since he went to prison, but he got out 2 days ago. I know this is the best time for me to get "closer" to him. He hasn't had any pussy in 4 years and I want him to have mine. I called him and asked him over he said "sure." 

When he got there I rolled up a joint and we smoked it then talked a little. I asked him if he wanted to watch a porn. He laughed a little I think out of embarrassment that his little sis watched stuff like that but then said he wanted to see one( since it had been so long since he saw a naked women). The whole time I was thinking of how I wanted him to see me naked. We watched the porn (it was called Betty goes bad) I could tell it was turning mike on and just knowing that was turning me on. 

He was getting a little fidgety and rearranging his cock, damn was it big it looked at least 9 inches maybe 10. I wanted to see it for real. I told him to go ahead and take it out if he wanted and beat it. He was so embarrassed and said "naw I'll take care of it later," but I wanted to take care of it for him. He looked at me with the oddest expression and said "hey Tanya why don't you take your tits out and let me see them" I couldn't believe what I was hearing, I said ok and took out my 34 DD tits and played with them a little. He asked if he could touch them, I said sure go ahead. 

He was nervous and asked me if I was conformable with this. I told him it was cool. His hands on my breasts was wonderful. It was the greatest feeling I had ever had. I took a chance and put my hand on his bulge, he didn't even try to stop me so I continued to play with his cock. He pushed my hand aside and unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out. I took this as my cue and spit on my hand and started stroking it and masturbating him.

I was right about the size it was at least 10 inches long, hard. While I was playing with his huge cock he unzipped my pants and pulled them off of me, he started playing with my pussy. I had never felt a mans hands on my pussy I was a virgin, and it felt good I was loving every moment of this. I stood up and sat on his lap and we kissed a while. Until he asked me if I wanted to fuck. I said yes and stood up. He stood up after me and threw me onto the couch, and started eating my pussy. I was dripping wet by now and couldn't wait to feel his cock inside me. He ate my pussy like a pro, he was damn good at it. He knew I was about to cum and licked faster and faster. 

I came right into his mouth and he didn't let a drop get away. He stood up and put his cock in my face. I started to lick it and suck it a little, but he was impatient he wanted to cum. So he took his cock out of my mouth and stuck it into my pussy. I think he knew I was a virgin because he did it slow until I got used to it. Then he started to pump harder and harder. He fucked me good. I loved the way his cock felt inside me. He smacked my face and said "you like that don't you bitch you like my big cock in your tight little virgin pussy don't you?" I screamed YES fuck me Mike fuck me harder. He did as he was told and fucked me as hard as he could. He was so close to cumming and said "oooooohhh fuckkk IIImmm gonnnna cuuumm nooow" I had my brothers cum inside me it was warm and was at least a gallon.

Afterwords he flipped me over so that my ass was in the air and said "sis I got to feel my cock in your tight little ass" and slammed it right in. It hurt so bad but it felt so good he was raping my ass he was fucking it hard and fast. I loved it I didn't want him to stop but he did and flipped me back over. He came in my face and I drank his cum I drank enough to fill a glass and didn't let any of it go. It tasted so good. 

It was over I got what I wanted he got what he wanted. Later that night after we had both showered. I told him that I had wanted to fuck him for the past 5 years. He was shocked and said "Tanya I have wanted to fuck you too I have always dreamed of fucking that tight little pussy of yours." Since that night we have fucked at least 100 more times. No one knows about us. He is the only man I will ever fuck and I am the only women for him. We want to be together forever, but we know we have to keep it discreet. We plan on moving to another state, where no one will know us. So we can have our relationship and keep on fucking.