 It was Sunday and I had just gotten off the phone with my administrative assistant Jenny who was going to watch the gift shop for me that day as I wanted to rest. The night before was exhausting in a very exciting way. Thinking back, I initially felt regret at what I had done with John but when he woke up naked beside me, both of us did not have much time to consider our regrets as he woke me up with the delicious feeling of his cock moving in and out of my pussy once more and his eyes staring at me in a needful way. It is not easy to describe how a pair of eyes would look in a needful way but that’s how I felt John's eyes were saying while looking at me.

I took out the tray containing the bacon from the microwave and started fixing breakfast when I heard him get up and take a pee in the bathroom. I felt his warm kiss on my neck and his hands touch my breasts as he said,

" Good morning Mom. That bacon sure smells good". While seated at the breakfast table, he seemed so nonchalant and calm about what had just happened between us the night before that I began to hesitate if I should open up the subject of the two of us having sex last night... but it was a momentous event in both our lives, changing completely the total perspective of our mother-son relationship that I felt I needed to discuss it with him.

" John honey, I didn’t want to do what I did, touching my body in front of you last night but I just couldn’t help myself. I was exhausted from work and felt I just needed to release myself", I said softly in an apologetic way while looking directly at him.

" Mom, I have been watching you ever since you and Dad had that divorce and I know how much you want it. Funny but when I get in very late in the evenings, I would check up on you and peek inside your room often seeing you totally knocked out with your nightie up to your waist already, sometimes even up to your shoulders and the sight of you that way would really get me hard that I would slowly sneak inside your room and jerk off while looking at your naked body", he said breathlessly.

" Oh John...baby...I never realized you wanted my body and to think all this time I was simply doing myself every time I felt the need", I replied going up to him and holding his face gently between the palms of my hands. I slowly lowered my lips to his and kissed him. A shudder ran deliciously over my whole body as I felt his hands slowly reach under the oversized t-shirt that I wore from last night and touch my upper thighs. The hair on my skin stood on end when I felt his left hand reach up and touch my breasts while his right hand sneaked in between my thighs searching for my womanhood. 

Slowly parting my thighs, I willingly allowed his hand to reach under and feel me getting so wet as our kiss turned wanton, his tongue parting my lips as I opened my mouth to receive him... then sucking his tongue hungrily I felt my need for him begin to grow once more. I reached under with my right hand and touched him through his boxer shorts feeling him so hard. I sneaked my hand under his shorts and felt his erect penis pulsing...throbbing...his finger now moving urgently in and out of my drenched pussy. I weakly moaned through our joined lips as my hands went around the waistband of his shorts and pulled it down releasing his penis from the confines of his boxers.

I took hold of his penis and straddled him between my thighs rubbing the head of his penis on the lips of my pussy. He reached up for my t-shirt and pulled it off breaking our kiss and exposing my nakedness completely to him. My breasts were now in front of his face as he took my right nipple in his mouth I slowly lowered myself with a loud moan upon him, his penis smoothly entering my now drooling pussy.

" Oh John....I want this...yes I want this..." as I began to move up and down on him holding his face tightly between my breasts. I started to ride him hard and rough, my voice snarling loudly with illicit passion as I felt the upper shaft of his penis rub on my clit. I rocked back and forth pushing myself down harder upon him. Soon, the rough rubbing of his penis on my clit began to trigger a spasm deep within my cervix... I began to feel my orgasm coming...that pee like sensation which makes my whole body shiver in weakness starting deep within my hips and rushing forth into my hot loins. I closed my eyes in intense pleasure, bright lights exploding in the black screen of my mind, and grabbed his head in a tight hug and screamed his name...

"Oh John...I'm coming...I'm coming...oh baby you're making me come...oh John....", and as I felt his scalding seed enter my body I hear him growl...

" Oh Mom...I'm coming too...yessssss", I felt him grab me and push himself up roughly, raising my body, the heat of his semen shooting inside me as I closed my pussy walls on his now ejaculating penis, pushing me over the edge again...

" Baby, I'm coming again...oh yes...there it is again...ooohhhh" I whined and moaned as a long winded shaking of my entire body took over followed by short spasms as I came again and again and again.....

After a while, still joined to him, I opened my eyes and looked at my son smiling at me and kissing every part of my face and eyes and nose and cheeks....

"Mom...I love you...so much" he said with a gentleness that I found so touching. After holding each other tightly for a long while I finally said,

" I guess we should have breakfast now. I'm famished after what you're doing to me..." I said with a smile on my voice. I got off, feeling his semen dribbling down my inner thighs and, putting my t-shirt back on, continued fixing breakfast.

"Mom it’s Sunday. Would you like to go and watch a movie with me? After all Jenny is going to mind the gift shop for you is she not...?" he suggested;

"Mmmmmmmm why not. Are you asking me out on a date? That would be nice", I smiled.

" But will you wear that dark blue denim dress with the buttons up front for me?" he pleaded.

" Yes Baby..." I replied, my mind filling with erotic thoughts thinking that he could unbutton my dress completely in the movie and do whatever he wants with my exposed body; but instead of being afraid of being found out, I rather liked the idea of having discreet sex in public and felt excited as I faced him and whispered in a low sexy tone of voice,

" Do you like me to wear nothing under that dark blue denim dress you want?" I looked at him straight in the eye with a naughty twinkle as he said,

" WOW...no...I mean yes...uh...if you want to", his blurt out reply quickly brought a quick smile to myself as I decided to let him have his way and not wear anything at all under the dress.

The theater was practically empty as the movie we decided to watch was on screen for a couple of weeks now and everybody had probably gone to see the other newer releases. After I handed the ticket stub to the usher, John and I quietly entered the theater lobby. John wrapped his left arm around me and whispered...

" Are you really wearing nothing under your dress Mom?" he whispered in my ear.

" Yes honey I am completely naked under this dress", I whispered back excitedly...in eager anticipation of what he was planning to do.

In the dark and just when Tom Cruise started making love to his beautiful co-star in the movie, (the movie was Mission Impossible II), I felt John's right hand slowly undo the buttons of my dress and open it completely, making me shiver lightly as I felt the cold air touch my warm nakedness, my white flesh slightly glowing in the dark. I looked around to see if anybody was watching us and to my relief I found no one was as we were in the topmost row of seats. John's hand was uncommonly cold from the air conditioning and his touch on my breasts immediately made my nipples hard. I leaned my head on his left shoulder facing him and weakly sighed into his left ear...

"Oooohhhhh Baby...someone might see us..." I whispered excitedly with a deep sigh...he didnt reply but instead lowered his hand and mashed the soft warm flesh of my belly making me gasp as I spread my thighs wider, knowing where his hand was ultimately going. I felt his hand in the pit of my thighs making me moan again as he found me, the body fluids from my pussy gushing forth profusely into his hand. I turned my body to my right to face him and lowered my right hand, tracing the outline of his penis through his khaki shorts. I raised my left leg to straddle his left knee opening myself more to his touch and felt his finger move deliciously slow up and down the crack of my now drooling pussy. I reached under his shorts and took hold of his penis now hard and hot, stroking it slowly up and down.

The middle finger of his right hand now began to move more rapidly and urgently, up and down and in and out of my pussy making me feel warm in spite of the cold. I lowered my face to the level of his seat and held his penis close to my face taking a deep breath and breathing in its muscular scent...I slowly opened my lips to take him into my mouth. I felt him push himself up urgently as I began to suck him needfully, moving my tongue all over his shaft while his hand was now bringing me almost to the point of an orgasm. I felt his other hand push the back of my head harder down into him as he pushed desperately into my mouth. I was now mindlessly opening and closing my thighs and felt I was very near...very very near...until he moaned silently,

"Mom I'm coming.....", and as I felt his hot seed hit the back of my throat, I tightly shut my thighs as I came, my hips jerking spasmodically. I tried hard to control the silent scream in my throat as I came again and again, his finger never stopping until I silently mumbled through my mouth...

" Honey.....I cant take it anymore..." making him slow down and stop. I continued sucking his penis and licking the semen that overflowed from my mouth into his shaft. I gulped and swallowed at the same time slowly raised my head leaning back on his left shoulder with a deep sigh, my body still weak and trembling with spent and illicit desire....

After a long while I felt his hands fumbling in my front, trying to do the buttons of my dress as I smiled and whispered in the dark,

"Baby, let me do it...", and as I straightened up and slowly closed my nakedness, I heard his voice raspy and low saying,

"Mom lets go home......" his urgent need evident in the slight shaking of his voice. I slowly gathered my things and stood up in the dark not even finishing the movie, my darling son following me slowly from behind, my knees and thighs still shaking as I thought...yessssss...I also want to feel you moving inside me...once again as I gently replied.....

"Yes Baby...lets go home.”