 Author's Note - This story contains nonconsenual inter-family sex. 

My wife and I married at a young age and had little money while our children were growing up. While we lived in a modest, suburban area, we could not afford luxuries such as vacations and extravagancies. We felt pangs of regret each time we heard our friends discussing their camping trips and ventures to Disneyland, and vowed to try and save more money to do nice things with our family.

This is harder than it seems: both of our children had essentially grown up by the time we were able to afford a luxury vacation for the four of us. Our son, Mitchell, was 22 and about to start a graduate program. Our daughter, Gabrielle, was 19 and about to start her second year of college. We sprung the trip on them in April, asking them to each bring a friend as we traveled across the country, staying in hotels and relaxing for two weeks.

Mitchell brought his friend Tom, whereas Gabrielle opted not to bring a friend.

The five of us piled into our SUV and started travelling west. I won't bore you with the details of our stops – we all know why you're reading this story. I can cut to the chase:

The first evening, the hotel we had reserved failed to meet our reservation obligations: we had reserved three rooms (one for my wife and I, one for Gabrielle, and one for Mitchell and Tom). As my wife and I had a King bed and Mitchell and Tom had two queens, it was decided that Gabrielle would stay in bed with Mitchell (much to their protest). The hotel promised that another room would be available the next night. We were here for four days and decided to battle through an uncomfortable evening.

We had a delicious dinner that evening, and I drank a lot of wine and tuckered out early. When I poked my head in the adjoining suite that was shared by my children and Tom, they were all lying around and watching tv. I said goodnight and went to bed.

A few hours later I woke up, shivering. I pulled the blankets over me and tried to get back to sleep, when I started hearing the rhythmic thumps of a bed knocking against a wall. I froze and listened closely. I was pretty sure that I was hearing soft moans and grunts. A rage brewed inside me as I got up and pulled open the adjoining door to the kids' suite. I froze again. There, was my son Mitchell, buried in the covers with headphones in his ears, snoring as his sister, my daughter, lay spread eagle on the bed in a white lace teddy and garter belt getting fucked by his friend. From the doorway, I had a clear view of him slamming in and out of her as his tongue grazed her nipples. She was arching her back and opening her mouth in a silent scream as her blonde hair flailed about from the force of their joining. I stood there, shocked, appalled, disgusted and angry watching this assault on my daughter. Not to say she wasn't willing, she appeared to be enjoying herself. Finally, I got my bearings and grabbed Tom by the nape of his neck and pulled him off of my daughter. He raised his hands in a surrendered position as my daughter, embarrassed and furious, tried to cover her body from her father.

"Get up." I said.

Angry as she was, she could not argue. As I pulled her into our room, I saw her turn back and give an apologetic look to Tom. I closed the door and locked it and led her to my wife and my bed. 

"Get in," I whispered. "You're sleeping between your mother and me tonight."

"Dad-" she whispered back, but I interrupted:

"No arguments. Get in bed right now."

"Can't I change?" She was still wearing her lace white teddy and garter belt. I looked down to see her shaved pubic mound fully exposed, and her hard nipples poking out over the tops of the lace. I felt a twitch in my groin. Disgusted and embarrassed with myself though I was, I didn't want her to take her time changing and sneak back into Tom if I happened to fall asleep. 

"Get in the bed." 

She did as she was told. My wife, Sandra, was still snoring lightly, completely oblivious to the scene. I got in bed after my daughter and pulled the blankets over both of us so that she would have to disrupt them to get out of bed. I turned toward her on my side so that the slightest movement would wake me up. She was lying on her back, breathing heavily, probably due to the frustration of being interrupted in the middle of getting fucked.

I lay there quietly, replaying the scene over and over. Had I overreacted? She's an adult, yes. But what the hell was she wearing that for? My imagination drifted to her lace getup as she lay with her legs open with Tom between. As I thought about Tom pushing himself into my daughter, I started to get an erection. I tried to push it all out of my mind, but her nipples and shaved mound kept swimming before my closed eyes. The more I tried to concentrate on something else, the more I focused on the way my daughter's tits looked in the white lace. Before long, I was rock hard. I opened my eyes and looked at her, lying peacefully, sleeping. 

I slowly moved my hand and pulled the blanket down a bit. Her beautiful nipples poked out again for me to see. I inched closer to her and pressed my boxer clad cock into her hip and ground in a circular motion. I waited to see how she'd react: nothing. I ground my dick into her hip again. Nothing. At this point, I was aching. I moved my hand across her body, under the blanket and grabbed onto her right hip with my hand as I pushed into the left hip with my cock.

Still nothing. I moved my hand from her hip and slid it across her abdomen. I rubbed for a second before tracing to her pubic mound and down the slit of her entrance. It was still wet from her session with Tom. As I traced my finger down her slit, she moved and her eyes snapped open.

"Dad. What the fuck are you doing?" she whispered.

"Shh," I whispered. "Don't wake your mother."

"Dad, that's sick. Stop it."

"Shh," I whispered again. "Just let me do this for a second and I won't tell your mother what happened with Tom." I couldn't believe what I was saying, but she stopped arguing and lay back.

I traced her slit and rolled her clit between my two fingers before I felt her hand pushing me away.

"No," she whispered.

"Come on," I inched closer and closer to her until my lips were less than an inch away from her breasts. I flicked my tongue over one of her nipples as I lightly tickled her clitoris and ground my dick into her side. When she tried to push my head away from her breasts, I rolled on top of her. I forced her legs open with my knees and flattened myself so that my boxer clad cock base was pushed up against her slit. I ground into her and moved in a figure eight motion. I heard her exhale strongly then felt her bring her hands to my chest as she tried to push me away.

"Gabrielle," I whispered, "I'm not going to do anything bad. I won't take my boxers off - I just want to rub it on you for a minute."

"Can't you just go in the bathroom and take care of yourself?"

"It'll just be for a minute, honey."

"Please," she responded. But that was all. I continued to hump on her in a grinding, circular motion until I needed a bit more stimulation. I started pulling my hips back and pushing into her. I reached up and grabbed one of her tits with my hand and squeezed. I watched her bite her lower lip, looking at me apprehensively as I leaned in and took it into my mouth, still slowly bucking away at her.

"How much longer?" she asked after a bit. 

"Just a bit," I whispered into her ear. I watched my hot breath bring goosebumps across her chest as I breathed into her neck. I pressed my pelvis into her hard and felt my cock head break free of the confines of my boxers. My naked cock was now poking out of the flap of my boxers. I slid up and down her slit, making sure that the head of my cock made contact with her clitoris. 

"Dad, it came out of your boxers."

"I don't think so, honey," I lied. 

"Dad," she said warningly.

"It's okay," I said. "I'm not going to put it in you, I'll just rub it along the outside."

She sighed angrily, but stopped protesting. I rubbed my cock head on her clit some more, back and forth and heard her breathing become more rapid. Soon, her slit became relubricated with her juices as I stimulated her clitoris. When I pulled my hips back and pressed them forward, I felt my cock head connect with a snug, wet hole. I stopped, frozen with my cock head pressed against my daughter's opening.

Her eyes widened. "No. No –no- no- no- no." she pleaded, and looked into my eyes.

I left my cock head resting against her hole for what felt like three minutes, just staring into her eyes. Her blonde hair flayed against the pillows, tits poking out from under the lace, shaking her head warningly. I looked down between our legs and the force of my movement pressed the head in by just an inch. The tip of my cock head was inside of my daughter's pussy. The sight was almost enough to make me come right then. I looked back into her eyes and slowly pressed into her until half of my cock was inside her.

She gasped and pushed against my chest. 

I pushed more and more, very slowly, until my cock was buried inside of her to the hilt and my balls were resting on her skin. I stared into her shocked and disgusted eyes for two minutes before I began to rock. I wrapped my arms behind her, cradling her ass cheeks and ground into her. 

She gasped again.

It felt so good inside my daughter's cunt, I couldn't blame Tom for wanting it anymore. I slowly pulled out, before sliding home again. My daughter began to grunt softly as I slowly slid my dick in and out of her. I reached between us and grazed her clit with my fingers again and saw her mouth contort into the same silent scream I saw her grant Tom. I continued to slowly and carefully fuck my daughter for several minutes. Every few minutes I would stop with my cock completely filling her and lay still to check that my wife was still sleeping.

At one point as I lay still on top of her, I felt her start to slowly buck her hips underneath me. Willing myself to believe that she actually wanted this, rather than being a stimulated body response, I continued to lie still to see what she would do. She continued to push her hips forward, grinding into me. Her hard nipples rubbed against my chest when she arched her back. Again, I looked into her eyes and saw shame, mixed with concentrated lust. I bent down and licked her lips.

All of a sudden, I felt her hands on my hips. She began to push them away and then pull them back. I heard her moan as she pushed my hips back until my dick was nearly pulled out of her tight hole, then slowly she pulled me back in until she was full again. She continued to do this for several minutes, her pressure and moaning becoming quicker and more intense with each thrust. I looked over at my wife, checked that she was still sleeping, and licked my daughter's lips again. I felt her legs clamp down on my back as she brought my cock into her with more force. There was no way around it: my daughter was fucking me back.

Her head began to roll from side to side and her eyes went into the back of her head.

"Ooh, ah, ssss, ahh," she repeatedly whispered as I retook control and started pushing in and out of her again.

I plunged and plunged, feeling our slick bodies slide against each other until I felt her freeze. She bit her lower lip and squealed, holding me tight to her. I put my hands on her hips and pushed down on them as I continued to pull my cock nearly all the way out and then slide it back in. I closed my eyes and willed myself to slow down as I did not want this feeling to end. I stopped again and lied still on top of her. She whimpered and began to buck her hips at me again. I sucked on her nipple as I pressed my thumb and forefinger on both sides of her clit. I began to pinch my fingers together, squeezing her clit. 

Suddenly, I felt her pussy contracting on my cock, milking my cock for all I could give. I looked into her eyes again and saw her face filled with passion and lust, and I kissed her full on the mouth as she bucked and writhed on my impaling cock. I thought about my daughter orgasming on my cock, and I began to feel a warm tingling in my testicles. 

As her orgasm subsided, my daughter seemed to catch her bearings and immediately tried to push me off of her. "Dad, please. You said you wouldn't put it in me. Please stop."

"Shh," I whispered, and rammed into her hard. She gasped again as the bed frame smacked against the wall.

Fuck, I thought. In one swift motion, I turned onto my side pulling my daughter with me, and draped her right leg over my left, keeping my cock half-buried in her. 

Sandra sat up and said "What is it? What happened?"

Gabrielle, who had been struggling and writhing against me, froze at the sound of her mother's voice.

"It's okay, honey. I think Gabby was having a nightmare. " I wrapped my arms around Gabrielle's back and pushed her down on my cock again. "It's okay, sweetie." I said soothingly, my cock fully filling her again.

"Poor baby," Sandra said. "Why aren't you sleeping in the other room?"

Gabrielle didn't respond. I pulled my cock out by a couple of inches and said "Honey, you know how boys are. Loud and obnoxious. She couldn't sleep so I told her she could sleep with us."

My wife turned her back on us again and said, "I'm so sorry it worked out this way, honey. You should have your own room tomorrow."

I pushed into Gabrielle again, slowly fucking her as my wife lay beside us, completely unaware.

I continued to slowly push her up and down on my cock until the deep breaths from the other side of the bed told me Sandra was sleeping again. I grabbed hold of Gabrielle's hips again and pressed down, grinding my pubic hair into her clit. I pressed my face between her breasts and licked the skin covering her sternum, all the while pushing and pulling her back and forth on my dick. 

Her breathing became rapid again and I felt her hips buck independently of my force once more. Again, she was controlling her movement on my cock, rocking back and forth and arching her back. I continued to lick on her breasts while she ground herself into me, whimpering and gasping as I sucked at her tits.

I felt her fingertips touch my head and she pushed my head farther into her chest. I bit down on her fleshy mound as I felt her contract on my cock again, in the midst of her second orgasm. I felt her fingernails dig into my scalp as she grunted and I felt my own release coming on.

Once again, Gabrielle regrouped and tried to force me off of her. She could tell by the look in my eyes that I was about to come.

"Please don't come in me," she whispered over and over. Still laying on our sides, I grabbed onto her and fucked her as fast and hard as I could without waking my wife again. 

"Dad, please don't come in me," she said again, gasping for air at the force of my cock going in and out of her.

I had every intention of pulling out of her at one point, but feeling the breath of her gasps on my ear made me lose control. I held on to her hips as I railed into her – the warm tingling in my balls came back full force and I started to come. I groaned and grunted as I pushed into her, imagining my sperm hitting the back of her cervix as she gasped again. I held her in my arms until our breathing returned to normal.

As I calmed down, I looked into my daughter's eyes, ashamed and embarrassed of what I had made her do. I kissed her on the lips and thanked her, as I turned away and fell asleep, not knowing what would happen the following day.