 I should share Rachelle's first experience getting it outside of our marriage.

We were at a Luau party when she had so much fun that Rachelle finally lost enough inhibitions to go a little further. It was actually a Yacht Club party. It was a different club than the one we belong to now. 

Being that it was a Luau theme party, she was only wearing a small flowery wrap type mini skirt and a tube type top that left the bottom of her tummy bare. Her shoes were low heeled beach sandals with a strap between her toes. They were kind of a casual to dressy flip flop if you will with small straps. I will never forget how sexy she was. Rachelle is a cute little petite thing. She likes her toes brightly painted and loves sexy feet. Her hair was up at the beginning of the night with flowers in her hair. I admit that she had an, "I'm fuckable" look to her. Or an attitude look that said "I'm sexy and I know it." Her skirt was short enough that her panties could be seen when she bent over good.

That club had a history of wild parties, but we weren't usually among the wild participants. I had heard of sexual escapades, but never planned to take part. There were two known swinging couples. People didn't say too much about them and their lifestyle, but both of the husbands confirmed it by trying to invite us to the lifestyle. Actually, those two have nothing to do with what happened with my wife.

We aren't regular heavy partiers, but I guess there are always exceptions. Rum drinks were flowing, and Rachelle was drinking Margaritas. She isn't used to drinking much tequila. We were all having an exceptional amount of fun. People's judgments and inhibitions were soon pretty loose.

It wasn't long before two of our friends who were also married were flirting with Rachelle. I don't dance much, but Rachelle loves dancing. I always dance to a few favorites which are mostly slow ones and that's about it for me. I never minded her dancing with other people who we know, because she likes it so much. Rachelle is a bubbly bundle of high energy. Ron and Gordon continued asking her to dance. As the party got crazier, they began both dancing with her at the same time.

They were soon clearly fooling around with her while dancing. We were also making excuses for her to bend over. We were all playing with her and she seemed turned on by the attention. Time went by with only flirting and teasing, but soon they were touching her when they were dancing. They kept holding her closer and trying to feel on her. She resisted a little at first, but soon she allowed more and kind of played along.

Later in the evening when the only ones left had little sense of judgment, things continued to progress. Her short wrap skirt made things easy for the guys. Rachelle had danced with several people, but these two spent a lot of time with her. Finally they two were dancing with her at the same time. Then I noticed her panties were pulled down below the bottom of her little skirt. They took turns dancing close to her. Between the two of them, they succeeded at shielding the view, and I couldn't see exactly what was going on. I could see that their hands were under her skirt, and they obviously were fingering her. I saw her push them away a few times, but she didn't seem to mind that they kept doing it. I'm sure the other people who were dancing could see what they were doing to my little wife. I was so turned on that I really didn't mind.

Before I knew it, they had her sandwiched between them and lifted up with her feet off the pool deck. One guy facing her and one guy was behind her. Anyway, Gordon, who was facing her was pumping his hips into her. At first, I just thought they were kind of dirty dancing or whatever. His pants weren't down. But then I noticed them adjusting her like he was trying to get his dick in her. Rachelle struggled with a little resistance, but it also kind of looked like they were playing. I was a little concerned, but I really thought they would respect any real protest from her.

I was caught off guard and stunned, but I was also so hard that it hurt. Then her mouth came open and her eyes were big. She began to wriggle and squirm trying to get down. As she squirmed, Ron just held her tighter like he was trying to hold her for Gordon to fuck her. He also pulled her top down exposing her bare tits. Gordon was trying to get her panties off, but they only went to her knees. Rachelle was trying to keep them on. Although I couldn't see that his dick was in her, It was clear that he was fucking my little wife right in front of our friends. Gordon had a hand full of her hair. The others were just now beginning to pay attention.

Gordon is over six feet, and Rachelle is only about Five two. She had been allowing so much all night. Therefore, I didn't know if she wanted down because it was hurting her or because she was ready to be fucked.

Ron continued to hold her up and push her against Gordon. It was also appeared that Gordon had more concentration on what he was doing to her. This didn't go on for long before he had a noticeable facial expression and seemed finished in her. Then I saw him flip the front of his waist band up, so I know he at least had his dick between her legs even if he wasn't able to fuck her.

I couldn't see for sure while he was in her. Her legs weren't spread much with her panties on her thighs. I could clearly see that her panties were down and her skirt was up a little.

When Gordon had finished in her, he loosened his hold on her. Rachelle started to try to get away but not with too much effort. Although she looked very concerned in the face, she actually had a slight smile.

Next, Ron is doing the same thing from behind her while Gordon continued to help hold her up. He had her pretty tight. I think it was semi violating her with barely sufficient consent. The look on her face wasn't anger or real disapproval. It was more surprise and maybe a little fear because of surprise. I also think she liked it because her face also included a hint of pleasure and ecstasy.

When Ron was doing it to her, he seemed even more determined. He had easier access from behind her. He had one hand on her breast and the other on her waist. I could clearly see glimpses of her butt checks from under her lifted skirt. Rachelle had managed to get her panties up some, but it was easy to see that her panties were still below her butt. I still could not see that he was in her, but the front of his elastic shorts were definitely down, and I caught a glimpse of his dick. He was bouncing her up and down and pumping his hips. Her eyes were big as saucers and her mouth wide open.

Ron obviously wanted to get further in her and was trying to adjust her so he could. Another couple came over. She took Rachelle's hand and the guy had his left hand on Rachelle's back and his right on her tummy. Ron was trying to bend her forward, and Rachelle's left foot made it to the floor. Her shoes had come off. Her right foot curled up behind her as they held her. Ron's dick was now visible nailing in and out of her. The third guy reached for her butt cheek trying to make it easier for Ron to fuck her. The girl put her face up close to Rachelle's face and cuddled her while Ron fucked her hard.

When he finished in her, they let her go but kept her close between them for a minute. Her titties were out of her top. I saw her pull her panties back up then adjust her top.

I don't think she was expecting what happened, but she didn't seem to be mad. Soon they came from the dance area, but she acted in a hurry and seemed really nervous for ten or fifteen minutes. When she settled down, she brought a Margarita for both of us. 

I told her what she did was hot and erotic. When I said it was in front of everyone, she didn't reply at first. She was uncomfortable, and I didn't want her to be. I didn't push it, but I did add, "I could see them doing it to you."

All she said was, "Really? Really? Well, they have been trying to get my panties off all night."

I said, "Good. It's okay. I hope they get them the rest of the way off," and left it at that hoping it would make her more comfortable.

She was still horny. I guess it was a wham bamb quickie for her, and she needs more than that so she could cum. She disappeared for a little while. When she did turn up, She seemed more subdued and disheveled.

I had been flirting with one of Rachelle's girlfriends and was hoping to fuck her if I could have my wife soon. This is an excellent accurate description of exactly what happened in front of me. However, I speculate that she was had again while she was missing again for over a half hour. Gordon let it slip that she had been taken into the men's shower room. I tried my best to get more out of him. I even told him how hot I thought it was and hoped she was good. I added that I hoped she was getting it again if she was in the shower room Gordon then said that they had grabbed her and carried her in. Then he said, "Come on let's check on her.

The door was locked when we got there. Gordon knocked a said let us in. I heard the latch click and he opened the door.

Several guys had her in between the dressing benches. They were holding her hands up above her head. Two older gentlemen had each of her legs. Ron kissed her as he fingered her through the leg of her panties. They were all telling her what a hot little fuck doll she was going to be. Ron then had them all felling her. Rachelle squealed when Ron went down to pull her panties off. Her hand got free, and she grabbed at the waist band of her panties.

"Okay," one of them said. "If she doesn't want her panties off, she can get it with them on."

They had her hands above her head again. They left her panties at her knees.

They pulled her skirt up and pointed out to her, "Everyone here is going to see your naked pussy and feel your ass. Half of the men in the club will see you naked and see you getting fucked. They will all know what you are like when you are being fucked. You might be the little fuck doll at this club. When we see you eating dinner in your pretty little black dress, We will all know what you look like with it off."

"We are all going to fuck this hot little wife," another added.

Then they bent her over and held her tight. "Relax baby they told her. You're going to get it a little hard. Just let it go in you. As soon as someone cums in you the rest will be easier for you."

Her skirt was flipped up on her back. She squealed again when the first guy violated her from behind. He wasn't in her long before the next guy took a turn in her.

"It's too much," she screamed. "Please cum in me."

"Ask for it," the one fucking said. "Don't hurt her another one said as he stroked her hair rubbed her back.

"Oh please!" she said again. "I can't take it that much!"

He came in her. Before the next one went in her, they pulled her top off. She had lost her shoes in the fucking she was getting. Then they took her panties. She was now completely naked except for an anklet bracelet.

"She needs to be pregnant anyway," they were saying as they came in her. Two made her swallow, but the rest were trying to make her pregnant. She was now on her back on one of the benches. I had to fuck her, but I came before I was ready. I fingered her clit and kissed her while the last two came in her. Rachelle came while the next to the last guy was in her.

Some had already left, but most were asking her if she was okay. "I'm okay," she whimpered out with a little cry.

I held her naked body and asked her again. She was okay. She just didn't want to walk. The guys gathered her clothes. An older man said, "She wants her panties and put them on her. Then he stood there with the rest of her clothes. They wrapped her in a towel and carried her to our boat with her giggling. I think she thought she was going to get some more. She was pleading, "I just can't do it anymore. Not tonight anyway."

They placed her on the berth in the aft cabin. She was soon asleep. They said they would check on her in the morning and kissed her on her cheek.

I hope this doesn't make you think bad of her. Sometimes things just happen. Sexual energy was also extremely high that night.