 To say it started innocently would be a lie. My sister probably believes that's the way it began but truth be told I was really looking for a way to get in her pants. I was tired of her teasing and prancing around. Crystal has the kind of body that doesn't quit; from the age of 14 she turned grown men's heads and got catcalls whenever she was out in public. She loved to wear revealing clothes and dress like a total slut. My own grandmother said 'she'll be knocked up by 15'. And it's a miracle she made it to 18 not pregnant. The only reason I can figure is that she is so shy, very naïve and my parents didn't allow her to date.

Crystal is 5'1 and about 95 pounds. She is a tight little package from years of dance and soccer. She has long blonde hair that she loves to have tugged. She is a C-cup with the perkiest nipples and the finest round ass. All of her delicious assets she loves to show off by wearing short skirts, tight jean shorts, tight cutesy t-shirts and halter-tops. She loves to wear those cloggy sandals with 4-inch soles that make her 5'8 and ready to fall over. 

I'm her perverted older brother of 20. I'm about 5'10 and 175 pounds dripping wet and have a 7 1/2 inch cock. I had a job but lost it because my boss' assistant wanted his son to work there and gave him my job. I've applied at a couple of colleges but haven't been accepted on account of some trouble I got into selling hot stereos. My girlfriend of two years left me as she "Didn't see us going anywhere". Whatever the hell that means!

Well back to sis. I had secretly dreamed about tapping her tight young pussy and introducing her to the fine art of sucking cock. I had beat off to her pictures, thoughts of her sucking my cock, and sliding her hot little body up and down on my cock about a hundred times when I said enough is enough. But I didn't have an 'In'. I couldn't find a way to break down her defenses and make it appear that I wasn't a letch and that it happened through normal exploration. We didn't talk much so I couldn't approach her that way. I was about to give up any hope of making my move on her when I caught a lucky break.

It was about 3:30-3:45 and my parents weren't due home for a couple of hours when Crystal was home from school and running around the house looking for her dance clothes when she came banging into my room. She thought our mom had misplaced her dance gear in my clothes pile and she wanted to see if by chance I had it. I knew wear they were but enjoyed the view of her traipsing through my room in a pair of leopard print panties and a pink half shirt that read, "My Boyfriend Is Out Of Town". She had her hair done up in a pony tail and she meant business.

"Rickie, You seen my dance leotard? I can't find it anywhere," she blurted in a huff. 

I was lying on my bed reading an article in "Popular Science" on jet propulsion when I looked to see her standing on her toes to look at the top shelf of my closet. Not really, I had a copy of Hustler's Barely Legal and was reading about the centerfold's first time with her uncle called "Secret Lover". He had met her in a bar after his divorce from her aunt and they had become lovers in a torrid affair. I was wearing only a pair of basketball shorts because it was hot and my body glistened with a light sweat.

Crystal's legs are taut and beautifully proportioned and as she strained to see if her leotard was in my closet her butt muscle tightened and relaxed, catching her panties between her ass cheeks and letting them go. From behind, I could see between her legs and her panties were slightly askew and I saw the outer lip of her little pussy. She huffed again and turned sideways to look at me for help. With that I tossed the magazine under my bed and sat up.

"No, I haven't seen it," I stated matter-of-factly as I noticed the lower half of her right breast sneaking out from beneath her half shirt.

"Damn, I'm going to be late," she moaned and began looking around the room as if it might be anywhere.

I laughed at her investigative skills and her predicament. Who needs a porno mag when your sister has a hot body like Crystal's and she is stretching and preening around your room. Frowning, she spun back round and went to my dresser drawers and began rifling through them. As she did, she bent over and pointed her delectable ass back at me.

Having not found them in my top drawers, she bent down and looked through the bottom ones. She was now in one of my favorite poses. With her knees bent and outward, she rested on her feet. Her ass and crotch was spread and I admired the roundness of her ass cheeks. I had to contain myself from getting up behind her and running my hands down between her open legs to play with her clit, tight little pussy, and asshole. I couldn't see her tight little snatch but my mind's eye was drawing a pretty little picture. 

I decided to try something desperate. Desperate enough to get me kicked out of my family but also desperate enough to possibly work. I stood up and playful cleared my throat.

"Ahumm," I coughed and put my hands on my hips, thrusting out my chest. Crystal heard me and pivoted slightly on her heels to look up at me. She shook her head and gestured at my weirdness.

"What's up with you?" she remarked and turned to look for her leotard. 

"You have invaded my personal space and for that, you must pay the penalty," I kidded in a gruff, Old English tone. 

"What the hell does that mean?" she retorted, obviously not amused and preoccupied with her clothing, even though she was barely clothed.

"It means you must," I stated and stopped. I held for a dramatic pause and then added, "It means you must beat me in deadly hand to hand combat or die an excruciating death." Taking a step back, I struck a Bruce Lee pose and with my left hand challenged her to step forward.

"Whatever dork," she laughed as she looked back and up at me. He rolled her eyes and turned back to my sport shirt drawer.

"What do you think? I took your dance leotard so I could wear it around my room when no one is around?" I asked, still holding my fighting pose. 

Crystal didn't even bother to turn around and giggled, "I wouldn't put it past you."

"Oh, you invade my personal space and then you insult me, its time to pay and pay you will," I announced and stepped up behind her and bumped her forward with my hips to the back of her head and shoulders. Crystal toppled forward slightly but regained her balance. 

She giggled and mocked, "Oh I'm Soooo scared." I did it again, slightly harder and she almost went over. "Cut it out dipshit,' she cursed, half laughing, half annoyed. She huffed, as she knew her dance stuff wasn't in this set of drawers.

"Who's going to make me," I challenged, acting more like a 12 year old than a 19 year old but that was my plan. I wanted to get Crystal into a friendly wrasslin' match so I could play with her goodies.

"You are such a nerd," she said as she got to her feet, turned to me, and stuck out her tongue. Her half top was askew and she patted it down into place and I checked out her wonderfully full eraser-tip nipples poking against the fabric.

Her eyes were looking past me as she scanned my room for any hint of her dance clothing. She was purposely looking through me as if I wasn't there, trying to ignore my sophomoric antics.

'"Oh now you've done it," I bellowed as I looked down at her leopard panties and admired how they had been captured between her delicate young pussy lips. A captivating slit ran about an inch and a half along the panties.

"Oh what now, geek boy," she retorted as she tried to step aside me and over to an end table I have next to my king sized bed. There is a drawer there and she figured to leave no stone unturned.

I put out my hand and held her at arms length. My right hand cupping her shoulder though it wanted to cup and massage lower. "Stop right there, or I will be forced to use swift and deadly force," I stated sternly.

"Get away loser," Crystal said as she tried to remove my arm with a swing of hers. 

She missed as I pulled my arm back and dropped my hips and reached forward with my left arm and slid it between her legs, wrapping my left hand onto the small of her back. With my right arm I shifted my body so it caught the back of her head and I lifted her off the ground upside down in my arms. She was now hang in front of me, in a slanted, standing 69 and her arms began to flail about.

'"Stop it, you idiot," she yelled as she sensed her predicament, then noticed her shirt had slipped downward exposing all of one and a good half of her other breast. She stopped flailing to fix her clothing and begged not to be dropped on her head. Playing with her, I shook her up and down and watched as she tried to keep her dignity and breasts covered. Her eyes searched mine to see what I had planned. I was enjoying her plight and the warmness of her young pussy rubbing on the crook of my left elbow.

"You want me to put you down?" I asked as I watched her face begin to turn red.

She yelled 'yes', as her right hand held her top up and her left hand tried to grab onto my shoulder to keep her from falling to the ground.

"Okay," I joked and pretended to drop her from my standing position. Her eyes flew open wide and her mouth did the same. I quickly re caught her and laughed at her surprise. "You aren't getting away that easy," I told her. I walked over to my bed and set her down on her head and shoulders, with her ass in the air. She looked relieved but soon realized I had other intentions. Now I have done things like this in the past with girlfriends and just commenced to screw our brains out but this was my young teenage sister so I had to move more slowly and more deliberatively.

Taking my right arm from behind her head I steadied her on her shoulders by grabbing her left hip and taking my left hand, I smacked her hard on her bare left butt cheek.

"Ouuuw," she yelled and moved her hands to cover her ass. She looked at me like she couldn't believe I had just done that. Raising my hand again, I smacked her right cheek.

"Stop, you jerk," Crystal laughed. She was a little perturbed because she still had plans of finding her leotard and making her dance class in 10 minutes but she was seemingly enjoying the playfulness of my actions. 

Her two hands covered her ass cheeks. Actually she grabbed them and held them, protecting them from my smacking assault. This only served to spread her crotch open to my prying eyes and as the little finger on her right hand caught her panties; she unintentionally pulled them to the right exposing the left side of her pussy lips. I pretended not to be looking but saw them out of the corner of my eye. My nose caught a delightful whiff of her young twat and I felt my cock begin to stir in my shorts. I feared her discovering it before I could break her down so I worked now to divert her attention.

"Stop it, stop it," I mocked her as I took my left hand now and rubbed my palm on her face, especially her mouth. She licked at my hand and her wet mouth felt awesome. Getting into the spirit of things she tried to bite my hand but I withdrew it to cover her eyes and tweak her nose. 

With her eyes covered now it afforded me a chance to look down her shirt and her sweet little pussy. Her small top was bunched up at her nipples and I could only see half of her wonderful round orbs. Her panties still mostly covered her twat but I tried to unveil it by moving my right hand from her hip and placing it on her right hand and moving it outward. The ploy worked as her right little finger pulled her panties to the side and I got a glance at her heavenly gash. Her lips were full and I detected the slightest hint of moistness and I wondered if my game was having an effect.

Crystal must have sensed her helplessness and nudity as she wiggled her finger free of the fabric and moved her hands to fight my hand off her face. This left her ass open again and I slapped her left cheek hard with my left hand.

'Ouuw, you prick," she cursed and kicked her legs hard to get off her shoulders. For being only 95 pounds, she is quite strong and flopped onto her belly in front of me. She had her right hand under her, as she swung her left hand behind her to block my second and third smacks at her ass.

Sensing my quarry might attempt to flee, I quickly mounted her and placed my hips on top of her hips pinning her to her stomach on the bed. Taking my right hand, I caught her left hand and pinned it to her side. Once there, I pinned it with my left knee beside her and went to work on her right hand. I hooked her elbow and pulled it from her chest and pulled it behind her back.

Crystal fought me but she was really no match for me as I toyed with her young nubile body, thoroughly enjoying her squirming, grunting, and groaning as I took control. Getting her right arm behind her back I slipped my hips down her legs and sat on her thighs. Now laying in front of me on her stomach was the hot little girl who had tormented so many men, not to mention me for so many years. Her head swiveled right and left trying to see behind her as she awaited my next move. Taking her left hand, I brought it to her right and using my left hand pinned them to the small of her back. From all the wrestling', her leopard print panties were bunched low on her ass and were barely covering her sweet quim. Her half shirt was pushed up and her naked young breasts were pressed to my bed sheets.

"Get off me you dick," Crystal protested, still teetering between pissed off and mildly amused. She was probably still holding out hopes to make it to dance class so her intentions were to get up and leave. I tried to put her mind at rest so she could get more into my game. "Dance class has already started, you'll just have to go next week and kiss the teacher's ass for missing," I told her reaching for her hair.

"'Instructor', you weenie," she corrected me sarcastically. 

"Let's see, I'm a dork, a dipshit, a nerd, a geek boy, a loser, an idiot, a jerk, a prick, a dick, and a weenie," I said as my right hand grabbed her ponytail.

"That's because you are!" she shouted with a laugh.

"Oh yeah?" I asked. I awaited her answer ready to pounce.

"Yeah, you are a dork, dipshit," she started t rattle off all her pet names for me and stopped in a wail, "Owww".

I pulled gently on her ponytail at first to snap her head back and then kept up steady pressure on it. She went with it and giggled as she realized she had hit a nerve with me or that the game had escalated. Her head bent back and I was amazed at how limber she was. A pleasant surprise hit me as her head bent back her ass rose to rub against me thinly covered cock. My cock had grown from the game playing was a half mast or better. Much more of this and he'd be poking out of my elastic waistband. I didn't know if Crystal could feel it but was going to keep wrestling' and allow things to play out.

"So who's the dork now?" I mockingly asked, as I pulled on her hair and looked to the side of her face for her reaction.

"You are!" she steadfastly maintained and giggled.

I pulled her hair harder and her head pulled back and up from the bed.

Her eyes were open in surprise and her mouth-hung agape. She sensed my eyes and tried to glance at me. She couldn't turn her head where I held it and laughed at her predicament.

"That's what I thought," I goaded her and did a quick pull and release several times, allowing her head to fall forward and then snap it back again. She giggled and uttered a nervous, "Ahhhunn."

"You came into my room unannounced and uninvited and now you are going to have to pay," I announced. I lowered her head and face back to the bed and taking my right hand held the left side of her face to the bed sheets. She looked up at me using her right eye and waited for what I was going to do next. With her mouth still agape, I decided to fish hook her. I slid my right index finer into her mouth and hooked her cheek.

'Fish hooked, I got me self a 'Marlin'," I warbled, doing my best imitation of a mariner.

This made Crystal laugh as I pulled her cheek wide and she drooled on my finger and bed sheets. Her velvety tongue licked at my finger and added to my already sexually charged delight.

If one hook is funny, two hooks must be hilarious is my motto, as I let go off her hands and reached my left hand around her head and hooked the other side of her mouth. She sensed it but was too slow to stop me and pulled her head up from the bed. I pulled her head and face back and laughed at my gentle torment.

"Yeah, I caught me a big fish," I teased. Leaning forward to look over her head and down at her stretched face and mouth made me drop my pelvis and rigid cock onto her ass and the small of her back. Crystal's hands were still there and she grabbed at me in order to fight me off of her. She grabbed my cock with her right hand but let it go as soon as she realized what she had. Her eyes went wide and I feared the game was over. 

She uttered a garbled sentence and I was afraid it was something about my hard on. I loosened my fingers on her cheeks and she repeated herself, this time more clearly, "Jeez how far do you think my mouth stretches?"

"I don't know, let's see," I quipped, playfully regaining my hooks. She grabbed at my gym shorts and pulled at them and I was relieved to have her keep up the fight.

Not wanting to hurt her, I allowed her head to fall back to the bed sheets. Allowing my left finger to slide out of her mouth, I sought to recapture her hands. She tried to bring her hands forward but I caught her left hand and held it behind her. I pinned it to her back and sat on it as I went for her right. She tried to post herself on her right hand but my weight was too much for her so she tried to get my right finger out of her mouth. 

"Ha, ha," I laughed as she pulled her head away from my hand as she tugged on my wrist. I fought her and forced a second and a third finger into her mouth. She playfully bit at my fingers but stopped and began sucking on them. Her tongue licked at my fingers and it felt incredible.

I enjoyed it for a couple of seconds, as well as the view of the crack of her ass that was almost completely uncovered as she wiggled beneath me. I pulled my hand from her mouth and grabbed her right wrist and pulled it around behind her back.

"No, No, No," Crystal yelled as she realized she was going to be pinned down again with her hands behind her back again. She was helpless to stop me and she stopped wiggling as I forced both wrists in to my left hand. 'Fuck," she swore and tuned her head to the side and dropped it on the bed in a huff.

"Aww, you swore," I teased her and bringing my right hand to her side, tickled her. 

'Ah No, ah no," Crystal yelled as I began playfully tickling her side. Her body wiggled and writhed beneath me and I enjoyed her helplessness. As I tickled harder, she dropped her chest and pushed her ass higher. As she did the panties, already slipping off her ass, slipped lower. I lifted my hips and watched as her ass drop and rose and eyed her tight, little sphincter and lower half of her pussy. Tickling her other side caused her to try and roll side to side and exposed her young breasts and hardening nipples to my view.

'Ah stop, ah stop," Crystal begged as I tickled her relentlessly, enjoying her flopping and growing nakedness. I quickly reversed myself, by swinging my hips over to the side of her body, switching my hand hold on her wrists from one hand to the other and remounting her. Instead of tickling her sides now I tickled her legs and inner thighs.

"Ah please stop, please stop," she begged harder and swung her heels up at my hands. 

"Okay, okay, I'll stop," I said as I sat back on her and allowed her to catch her breath. "But see what you get for invading a guy's sanctuary," I explained, tongue in cheek. 
