 Patricia was sorer than she had ever been before, and she had been with more than a few men who had been amply endowed. She sat up in the bed and was met by a more intense pain coming from her rectum. She had surely been fucked for all she was worth. This was the one thing that she hadn't expected from her best friend's brother.

It started out as a way to get back at Stephanie for sneaking around and taking her white elephant before she had a chance to make her move, but she ended up getting more than she bargained for. Stephanie's younger brother Kevin turned out to be a real sex machine, and she had all the aches and pains to prove it. The shy young man wasn't as meek as he pretended to be.

Patricia thought about how hard she had come on to Kevin; baring her cleavage, rubbing hands all over him, placing his hands on her body, and undressing him. All the while he was pretending to be embarrassed. Her first shock came when she took off his shirt and saw his muscular peeks and abs, and the next was when she unleashed his magnificent tool.

During the six years that Patricia and Stephanie had been friends she had never imagined that Kevin was, so finely built. All she knew was that Stephanie was overly protective of her shy little brother. He had always been around, but seldom ever spoke a word. She had been so upset with Stephanie for snagging the old rich guy that she aimed on paying her friend back by taking what she had believed was Kevin's virginity. Patricia plans were to give the young man the fucking of his life, but ended up getting fucked into unconsciousness.

Patricia staggered to the shower letting the warm stream sooth her soreness. She was supposed to meet Stephanie at her house in an hour, but she wondered if she would be able walk all the way across the street to the house.

***

"Stephie..." Kevin called from outside his sister's bedroom door. "Are you awake yet? I have breakfast here for you."

"Sure hon, come on in...I was just getting up," Stephanie replied from her bed.

Kevin entered his sister's bedroom carrying the tray of eggs, sausage, toast, and juice as Stephanie got out of her bed; naked as usual while their parents were away. Stephanie was trim, but not skinny. Her thighs and calves were firm and very shapely, her stomach was toned and flat, her butt-cheeks were almost perfectly round even though she thought it was fat, and her 34D breasts stood high on her chest. The siblings weren't shy around each other. Kevin set the tray on the small desk near the window while Stephanie washed her face and pulled back her long blonde streaked hair.

"Patricia asked me to come over to her house last night while you were gone," Kevin said.

"Ho?" Stephanie said.

"Yeah, she came on to me...feeling on me and stuff, and we did it," Kevin said sitting down on his sister's bed.

"She did what!? That bitch!" Stephanie exclaimed coming out of her private bathroom. "Are you ok sweetie?" She came over brushed her fingers through his hair and then kissed him on the forehead.

"Sure, I'm ok, but I don't know about her," he said concerned.

"What do you mean?" she asked.

"At first she was begging me to do it harder, but when I did...she passed out, and I could hardly wake her, so I left," he answered. "I hope she's alright."

"I'm sure that slut is fine," Stephanie said. "Did you like fucking her?"

"It felt ok, but she screams really loud," Kevin said.

"That she does," Stephanie laughed sitting at the desk to eat, still completely naked.

"I think she was mad at you about the guy you went out with last night," Kevin began again. "...because she didn't sound happy when she asked me who you were out with."

"It's ok, she wanted to go out with him," Stephanie replied.

"You stole him from her," he said.

"You can say that, but she can have him if she wants him. He don't mean anything to me," she said. She saw that her brother was trying to hide his hard-on from her with his hands over his lap. She drank juice to wash the food down. "Come over here sweetie."

Kevin went over and stood in front of Stephanie. She pulled his big thick hard-on from his boxers and began sucking on it with her great skill. She knew exactly how to suck his huge cock to get him off. After all, she had given him more blowjobs than she could ever count. She drank down as much of his thick cum as she could, using the napkins to wipe the spills from the corners of her mouth and chin before washing it down with the breakfast juice.

"There you go," she said putting his cock back in his boxers and looking up at him. "Remember you can have some anytime you want...ok?" She waited for his nod before continuing. "You don't have to go around with that big thing of yours hard."

Kevin went back and sat on Stephanie's bed to watch his naked sister eat. "What are you going to say to Patricia?" he asked.

"For starters, I'm going to get her straight about trying to use you as a pawn against me," she said. "Kevin, it's not that I don't want you fucking other girls out there. It's just that I don't want someone trying to pull some stuff on you....like saying that you got them pregnant or something. Girls do and will pull shit like that. I love you and I don't want anything to happen to you...you understand that, right?"

"I love you too," Kevin said nodding his head.

"You see, just like what Patricia did. I bet she was trying to get back at me," Stephanie said. "She never tried anything like this before." She noticed that his cock was still hard. "It looks like we're going to have to fuck in order to get that thing down."

A big smile came upon Kevin's face as he stood and pulled off his boxers. His huge cock stuck out in front of him as he waited for his sister to get onto her bed in their favorite position.

Stephanie got on her bed and positioned herself on her knees and elbows arching her back to lift her ass high for her brother. Her brother loved her fat ass, which she thought was way to big, but she loved the fact that he enjoyed grinding against it which put his cock in the perfect position to hit her g-spot.

Kevin stuck his face between his sister's butt-cheeks; licking and sucking on her pussy lips until she was wet enough from him to enter. He positioned himself behind her kneeling between her spread legs and guided his massive tool all the way inside of her with one long steady push. He pressed against her soft buns and began to grind.

This was how they liked fucking each other. Every now and then they would go all out pumping and stroking, but this was the best to them. Stephanie held on to her pillow and rolled her ass to her brother's grind. The head of Kevin's dick pressed against her hot button and her orgasm erupted into a steady flow. Stephanie's pulsating cunt caused Kevin to blow his second load of the morning.

Stephanie stretched out on her stomach with Kevin on top of her. She spread her legs wide, so he could stay inside of her while he continued to grind on her butt-cheeks. Their position came from their need to fuck quietly, so their parents wouldn't suspect anything.

Kevin finally rolled off his sister's ass on his side. "Mom and dad will be home tomorrow," Kevin said. "It seem like they just left yesterday."

Stephanie rolled on to her back. "Yeah, I'm going to talk with mom again about allowing you more freedom. She would kill me if she knew that I left you alone to be seduced by Patricia. She doesn't know that you can handle yourself like I do."

"Maybe I should fuck her...then she'll know," Kevin said.

"Don't even think about," Stephanie said sitting up. "I don't think she will go for that."

"Why not? She acts like she does," Kevin said.

"What do you mean?" Stephanie asked.

"Every time she comes in the bathroom when I'm getting out of the shower, she just stares at my thing," Kevin said. "I think she wants to. If you and dad can do it, why can't I do it with mom."

Before Stephanie spoke she wanted to be careful that she wasn't putting a double standard out there for her brother. "Kevin, mom doesn't know that dad fucks me sometimes. I just don't know what she will do, but we'll find out...ok?" She kissed him on the lips before getting off the bed. "Patricia should be here by now...we can't trust even her with what we do, and I promise you we'll find out about mom."

Kevin got off the bed, hugged his sister tight, and then went off to his bedroom to get dressed. Kevin had let Stephanie on to something that she hadn't know about their mother. She would have to use it in someway to get her mother to ease up on her brother. Kevin has always been good; doing everything that he was told without any back talk. She thought, maybe Kevin was right. If he fucked her she would surely see that he is not a little boy anymore. She tried to visualize a plan while she showered.

"Knock, knock..." Patricia said sticking her head inside of Stephanie's bedroom door.

"Well, well, well..." Stephanie stepped from her bathroom with a towel wrapped around her torso. She took two steps to get closer to Patricia and then struck her with her open palm hard enough to knock her friend to the floor. "That's for fucking my brother." Stephanie turned and went over to her desk and took a gift-wrapped box from her purse. She grabbed Patricia's wrist and put the box in her hand. "John is not worth losing a friendship over, but my brother is."

Patricia looked up at her friend still dazed from the hard blow. She knew Stephanie was right. She had crossed the line with her friend. "I'm sorry Stephie...I" Patricia started.

"I don't want anyone trying to fuck with my brother's head," Stephanie said. "Not even you. That present is from John. He wanted me to give it to you. He asked me out to talk about you."

"O' Stephanie...I didn't know," Patricia said. "I'm sorry I doubted you."

"You should be. How could you go after Kevin?" Stephanie said angrily.

"Stephie...I'm so sorry...I really am," Patricia said crawling over to Stephanie on her hands and knees. "Our friendship means more to me than John does too."

Stephanie lit a cigarette and looked down at the red handprint she left on her friend's face.

"How can I make it up to you?" Patricia asked sitting on the floor in front of Stephanie.

"Don't stay down there like you're going to lick my pussy," Stephanie said feeling her anger lift. "Just don't play any more games with Kevin, ok?"

"Believe me, I won't make that mistake again...Awh!" Patricia said feeling the pain of her face as well as from her cunt and asshole. "Ya'know, you really shouldn't worry that much about Kevin. He handled himself very well...much better than most I'd say." She struggled to her feet and dropped down on Stephanie's bed.

"Yeah, but now he's worried if you're ok or not," Stephanie said. "That's what I mean. I don't want him worrying about anyone right now. He is only nineteen years old and way too caring. He should be bragging about fucking you unconscious, not worrying if you're ok or not. I don't want him getting hurt."

"That's sweet of him to worry about me," Patricia said.

"Don't push it," Stephanie said.

"No, I mean...I'm not making fun," Patricia began explaining herself. "A lot of women would die for a man like that."

"A lot of women would take advantage of a man like that," Stephanie said. "You've seen how my mother takes advantage of my dad."

"Yeah, she plays him like a violin," Patricia said.

"I'm not going to let anyone treat my brother like that," Stephanie said jumping to her feet.

"Ok, I got your point...just don't hit me again," Patricia said raising her arms in defense.

Stephanie huffed pacing around her room and then opened her bedroom door. "Kevin," she called for her brother. "Could you come in here a minute?"

Kevin came in wearing a long sleeved plaid shirt that was two sizes too big for him and baggy jeans. His hair was still wet from his shower. "Hey," he spoke to Patricia.

"Hey," Patricia responded politely without her usual seductive tone.

"You want to sit in here with us?" Stephanie asked not wanting to leave her brother out of her life.

"Sure," he replied happily.

"Kevin, I'm sorry for coming on to you like that. OK? Friends?" Patricia apologized to Kevin under the careful eyes of Stephanie.

Stephanie nodded her approval and then Kevin shook Patricia's hand.

"Can we get back to being normal again?" Patricia asked.

"How can we, you've fucked my little brother," Stephanie said.

"Stephie, what do you want me to do?" Patricia asked.

"I want you to suck his dick. Kevin, Patricia is just a friend, so fucking her is just a part of her friendship, right!?" Stephanie said glaring at Patricia.

"Right. Kevin, we're just friends and you can do me anytime you like...just take it easy next time. I'm still sore." Patricia said getting her friend's motivation. She thought if Kevin fucked her when he wanted then he would get use to it and it wouldn't be anything special for him.

Stephanie rolled her eyes at the words that she knew her brother would be hearing a lot of. She sat at the desk and watched as her brother fed Patricia his cock. Patricia wasn't a slouch when it came to giving blowjobs. It was one of the few things she was good at.

After Kevin fed Patricia his third load of the day, Stephanie filled her in on what John had to say on the date. Everything Stephanie said was good news to Patricia. Patricia formulated her plans right in front of Kevin, and he was able to see how Patricia played her games. Patricia left eager to get started on her plans.

Stephanie went about the house still in only her towel checking to see what needed to be done for their parent's arrival. The last thing she wanted was to hear her mother bitching. To her surprise, Kevin had been keeping up with the housework. She looked at the big smile on Kevin's face. "I love you," she said wrapping her arms around his neck and kissing on the lips.

Kevin held her with both of his hands on her soft butt-cheeks under her towel. Their tongues danced in and out of each other's mouths. The bond between the siblings was much like lovers. There was nothing secret between the two.

Their embrace was broken by the sounds of a car pulling into the driveway. They went to the front window and peered out. "Mom!" they said at the same time, but where was their father? Stephanie rushed up to her bedroom to quickly dress while Kevin went to the door.

Kevin went out and gave his mother a heart felt hug before getting her bags while she paid the cab driver.

"Mom," Stephanie said hugging her mother. "Where's dad?"

"O' he had to fly out to Buffalo on another business trip, so we had to cut ours a day short."

"How was Mexico?" Stephanie asked helping Kevin carry their mother's bags into her bedroom.

"It was great. We did lots of shopping and laid out on the beach," Candice said.

Stephanie thought of how her mother had a great time while her father just tagged along.

"It was hot, but we took lots of pictures," Candice said beginning to undress.

Kevin slowly began to slip out of the room.

"Kevin, open that bag. I have a present for you," Candice said unzipping the back of her dress and stepping out of it. Her body was tanned without tan lines even at her braless tits or around the thin black thong she had on.

Stephanie knew her mother wasn't shy about her well-maintained body, and wore very little around the house sometimes, but this was the first time she had seen her mother strip right in front of Kevin. She thought about what Kevin had told her about their mother looking at him after his showers as Candice made no attempt to cover her nakedness in front of Kevin.

"How do you like my tan?" Candice asked. "We found this private nude beach, but it wasn't that private. There were over a hundred people there tanning, playing volleyball and playing in the water. It was fun. Here are some pictures," Candice said with a sly chuckle.

Stephanie looked through the stacks of pictures seeing that on just about everyone featured her mother surrounded by nearly a dozen naked men. She found one or two of her father lying by himself.

Candice took out a sheer white dress from her bag and slipped it on. The dress was tight and looked transparent. It was sleeveless with a string that tied at the top of her butt-crack to the middle of her back. "The one thing about this dress is you can't wear anything with it," Candice chuckled and pulled her thong down her legs. She stumbled slightly.

Stephanie realized for the first time that their mother was stoned. She looked at Kevin who was sporting a massive hard-on. She nodded to him in the direction of their mother. Kevin smiled knowingly.

"Can I tie that up for you mom?" Kevin said moving behind Candice.

"These guys are hot," Stephanie said to her mother flipping through the pictures. "It looks like you had fun with all of them."

"More than fun," Candice chuckled and shook her hips from side to side.

"How many at one time," Stephanie bated.

"I didn't count, but it was fun...look at the other set," Candice giggled.

Stephanie reached behind her mother to Kevin's crotch and unzipped his baggy jeans. "You have to bend over for him to tie it," she said reaching into Kevin's pants and pulling out his monster cock.

Candice leaned on her bed with one knee and both hands. The tight fitting dress rose up on her naked ass.

"Woo mom, these are hot. Did dad take these?" Stephanie said seeing the pictures of her mother in the mist of an orgy. She was taking cock from several different men at once. Stephanie showed her mother the picture and then showed it to Kevin. She nodded to him.

"Wow! Mom I bet you feel good inside," Kevin said boldly.

Candice giggled and pushed her ass back against her son's throbbing rod. Kevin pushed forward guiding his cock into her cunt.

"Finding out for yourself, huh?" Candice giggled wiggling her ass back as her cunt was being filled with Kevin's cock.

Stephanie could hardly believe the next picture that she saw. Her mother's face was buried between some young woman's legs while a man was taking her from behind. "I wish I could have been her," she said showing her mother the picture.

Candice looked up at her daughter as she reached out to rub Stephanie's crotch. There was no way Stephanie was going to miss that opportunity. She moved the luggage off the bed; she took off her pants, and spread her legs wide on the bed offering their mother her pussy. Kevin started thrusting his cock into his mother more deliberately.

Stephanie thought that nothing could have been more of a surprise to her than to have her mother acting this way. She wasn't necessarily into having a woman to lick her pussy, but this was special. It was her own mother acting like a real slut. It couldn't have come at a better time, especially since she was trying to figure out how she was going to get Kevin the opportunity to fuck their mother.

"Mmmm!" Candice moaned into Stephanie's cunt as Kevin worked more than half his huge cock inside of her.

Kevin thrust hard, pushing his cock steadily into Candice's pussy until he was completely inside. He withdrew his cock half way and then thrust it all the way back in. He thrust his cock as hard as he could repeatedly as Stephanie had taught him. She had showed him every sexual position and practiced each one with him.