 It had been awhile since I cut loose, spring was here and I was tired of being cooped up in the house alone. I decided to have a get together and invite some friends from work over several weeks ago. Sabrina lived next door, her husband was gone a lot for business and I knew she liked to party a bit and might enjoy the company of others being around so I gave her a call and invited her over too. Besides, it never hurts to invite neighbors in case the party gets too loud. 

I strung some lights up around the back deck and got some of those porch torches and sat them around for some extra lighting and ambiance. I had told everyone to show up around 8:30 and bring what he or she wanted to drink although I had picked up a keg of bud light. Sabrina showed up an hour early with some finger foods and Jell-O shots. Being the person she is she wanted to see if there was anything that she could do to help. I thanked her and made a comment on how her jeans sure did fit her nicely. We were known for our occasional flirting but nothing more. I had her open the bag of cups and put them next to the keg and other little things that I hadn't done yet. I ran to my room to finish getting ready.

A few people showed up right on time and several others filtered in every half hour or so up until around 10:00. I invited about 50 people and only 20 or so showed. I mingled with the friends that came and tried to be a good host. I ended up finding myself with a beer in my hand all night long and by 10:00 I was pretty well a drunk host. Everyone else was enjoying their drink as well and little ole Sabrina wasn't wasting time consuming her fair share. 

Several times I went into the house to retrieve more pretzels and chips and would bump into Sabrina coming out of the bathroom. She would always smile and keep grab my attention by making some small talk with me. Since the beer had taken over my mind and my testosterone, the one time as she started to walk away I smacked her on the ass. Being the flirt that she was, she turned and winked at me saying, "Careful, I might like that." Several times throughout the night she would grab my attention as I walked by and as I turned my head to her, she would look around to make sure no one was looking and flash her tits at me. Man were her tits perfect, they were like firm melons with perfect up pointed nipples that were pointing straight out.

People started to filter out around 11:00 and by 12:00, everyone was gone, except Sabrina. She was so drunk that she couldn't walk straight to save her life. Her eyes were squinty and she had a permanent smile fixed to her face. She asked if I needed any help with anything and I told her I would clean up in the morning. We sat down outside and talked about lots of things from her kids to her marriage. At one point I started to feel brave again and joked that I was jealous of her husband having such a hot wife around his home all the time. She giggled and blushed saying she didn't think she was all that. I made a comment to her about how much I enjoyed the little flashing that she did to me and in a slurred voice she said she probably shouldn't have done that. She told me she flashes her husband around the house all the time and she just hadn't been thinking.

I decided, being as drunk as I was, that I was going to take advantage of this situation. I stood up and walked over to her chair and raised her shirt up. She half-heartedly fought my hands and I said, "you showed me earlier, show me again." She giggled and I leaned down and sucked her left nipple. 

"Hey, peeking is one thing, I never told you that you could touch, let alone lick!"

I got real aggressive in my voice and told her she shouldn't have teased me like that. She apologized and repeated that she had just gotten carried away because she gets horny when she drinks and hadn't had sex in a month since hubby was away. I told her that I stroked my cock many times thinking about her and she smiled at me and said, "really"?

"Yup, I sure do, sometimes I stand in my window and watch you laying out as I pull on my fat cock thinking about how wet your pussy would be if I was inside of it."

She blushed and said, "oh my God, I don't know what to say, want to see it once?"

I thought to myself, this woman has got to be crazy asking me a question like that, of course I want to see it. I not only want to see it, I want to suck it and fuck it for days on end. It had been a couple of months for myself since I had been with a woman.

She stood up, right there on my back deck and wiggled her jeans down, sat back in her chair, spread her legs and pulled her panties aside. This chic was hot to say the least and I was going to find out how hot she wanted to get.

"Wow, that's a hot looking pussy babe, why do I see it glistening a bit?"

"I guess I got wet talking to you about all of this," she said.

I leaned over and stuck my face in her crotch and inhaled her sweet aroma. 

"Did you like that," she remarked.

"Like it, I want to taste it," I told her.

"Well if you promise not to tell, I guess you can lick it a couple of times," she said.

I leaned back in and licked her from her taught little asshole slowly up her moist slit, to the top of her clit. I sucked her clit into my mouth and flicked it with my tongue. She rolled her head back and moaned softly.

"Ok, that's enough, you're going to get me even wetter in a minute," she said. I stood up and grabbed her hands and tried to pull her inside the house with me telling her we should take this inside. 

"No," She yelled. "I told you just a lick, I can't do anything else and I shouldn't have even let you do that."

"You know you want it or you wouldn't have even showed it to me in the first place you little slut," I yelled at her. 

With that, I grabbed her hands firmly and drug her inside with me, locking the door behind us. She struggled against me and I got behind her and pushed her into my room and threw her down on the bed. She looked up at me and pleaded with me to please let her go home. I again called her a little slut and a fucking cock tease. She exclaimed that she was married and didn't want to ruin her marriage. "You should have thought about that before you started showing another man your tits, at HIS own house," I said. Then I grabbed my digital cam and quickly snapped a picture of her lying there on the bed. "You can't take pictures of me," she said.

"Sure I can, now when your husband comes home and sees that you were laying half naked in my bed, he will know what a slut he is married to.

"You forced me in here though," she spit back.

"Yeah, but he doesn't know that, does he," I returned fire with.

I then reached down, and with one hand, grabbed the crotch of her panties and ripped them off her. Then I snapped another picture. By now she was getting quite angry with me and really wanted to go home. I pealed my jeans off and sat down on the bed.

"I'm leaving now," she said as she started to get up.

"No your not you little bitch, your going to take my cock and make it feel good," I told her.

She started to cry and I threw her back down on the bed and held her hands down next to her head. I remembered I had some restraints still tied to my bed frame and reached down and put her left hand in one and then her right hand in another. She fought against me and continued to whimper and fight the bonds I had placed on her. I stood up and removed the rest of my clothes and started to stick my face between her legs. She didn't go for that and proceeded to kick me right in the face. I grabbed her legs and forced them down and apart and placed two more restraints on her. I then grabbed her by the throat and said, "look you little bitch, we can do this the easy way or the hard way, you know you want my dick in you or you wouldn't have teased with me." I then leaned down and started lapping at her cunt. WOW, she was soaking wet, I could not believe how wet it was for someone that was supposedly being taken against their will. I peeked up at her as my tongue assaulted her cunt and her face showed the signs of a woman being pleased, not a woman being taken. "You hot little whore, you're liking this, aren't you," I said.

"No, I want you to stop, your doing this after I begged you not to."

Well I didn't stop; in fact, I shoved two fingers up her pussy and pushed them in as deeply as I could. She whimpered and wigged her body around. I fucked her little pussy with my hand as I continued to lick her and get my fill of her sweet nectar. She fought hard not to cum but it was inevitable. She released hard and squirted pussy juice at me with such force that it splattered against my mouth, I couldn't drink it as fast as it came out.

"Are you happy now," she yelled, "Let me go and I wont call the cops."

"Call them I said, I have pictures of you laying on my bed naked and unrestrained, they would never believe you." "In fact, they will most likely consider it a case of a cheating wife that now has regrets and wants to make it look like a rape," I told her as I chuckled.

"You're a fucking bastard," she screamed at me.

"Your right," I told her. Then I chided back, "and right now you're my little fucking whore."

I crawled up between her legs and rubbed the head of my swollen cock against her dripping cunt.

"Please don't," she begged me. "I don't want to get pregnant."

I rubbed the head on her a bit more and pushed the head into her quivering hole. She groaned a bit and I started my rhythmic thrusting. I placed my hand on her throat and told her if she ended up pregnant that it would be her fault for being such a cock tease. What I didn't tell her was that I had a vasectomy years ago. I picked up my pace and pounded her pussy harder and harder. My hand tightened on her throat and I kept asking her how my fat cock felt in her not stretched out fuck hole. She shook her head back and forth and gagged a few times from the grip I had on her neck. I then released my grip on her and bit her nipple hard. She yelped a bit and I saw her eyes close.

I didn't know if she was trying to block it all out or enjoying it secretly in her mind but she refused to look at me. I finally decided to undo her ankles. I grabbed her legs and spread them wide, lifting them high into the air. I held her feet by grabbing her toes and fucked her so hard the bed banged the wall violently. She whimpered and sprayed my cock with her pussy juice as she had done to my face earlier. Ok, this wasn't against her will now, she could pretend all she wanted but she was getting into it.

I then released her hands, one at a time and made her roll over and reattached the restraints. I then too my hand and started to spank her ass as she whelped loudly from the sting of my hand as it came down harder and harder. I reached down between her creamy thighs and felt her soppy wetness. "Your liking this, aren't you," I scolded at her.

"No, I want to go home, please untie me," she shot back.

"I will untie you when I'm done with you, you're getting punished for being a cock tease," I said.

I continued to smack her ass until it was cherry red. I then started smacking her pussy, once again; it flooded my hand with fuck juice. 

I again mounted her, this time from behind and worked my member up into her hole. I rode her as I reached up and grabbed handfuls of hair and yanked her head back. She started to moan and work her ass up and down; finally, she was fucking me back. I kept staring at her tight little asshole. I spit on it and rubbed the tip of my finger around it as she cooed back at me. I then slowly slipped it in and from the inside of her asshole, felt my cock driving into her.

"You like to be ass fucked," I asked her.

"I let my husband have it sometimes, if your going to cum, at least do it in my ass so I don't get pregnant," she said. 

I couldn't believe it, she just told me to fuck her up the ass. I pulled my cock out and pushed the head against her asshole and it popped right in. She squealed and remarked that she wasn't used to such a fat cock being in there and to please go-slow. I told her I would go as fast as I wanted and as rough as I wanted. I then proceeded to ravish her tight little ass as I spread her round ass cheeks with my hands. Looking down at it almost made me cum. Her ass was so round and perfect, what more could a man want. 

She continued to moan and begged me not to tell her husband or show him the pictures. I thought for several moments while I pummeled her ass with my throbbing rod.

"Tell you what," I said. "You come over and fuck me anyway I want, anytime I want when your husband leaves town, and I wont tell him or show him the pictures."

"That's blackmail," she exclaimed.

"Your right," I scoffed back at her. "And you can either agree to it or not, its your choice."

She whimpered and started to cum, as I spanked her ass hard with my hand.

"Do we have a deal," I asked.

"Make me cum and dump your warm load in my ass and it's a deal," she said.

I grabbed her ass and fucked her as hard and fast as I could, her body tightened and bucked wildly beneath my weight and she screamed out loud. 

"You're my bitch now, aren't you Sabrina," I yelled.

"Yes, I'm your bitch, I will be your bitch whenever you want to rape my pussy and make me your little whore."

I fucked her wildly and pulled my cock out, untied her and rolled her over. I looked her in the eyes, reached behind her head and pulled together a handful of hair and thrust my cock back into her cunt. I told her our deal had just changed and that I was going to unload in her pussy and she was going to go home and put a pair of panties on and not wash her pussy until she wakes up. She begged me not to do it and I looked her straight in the eye and let loose the biggest load I have shot in a really long time. I felt it pumping and throbbing deep inside of her and filling her with my seed. I slowly pulled out and leaned back, my cum trickled out of her and she reached down to feel it. Tears started to fill her pretty little eyes and she asked me why. "Relax, I had a vasectomy years ago," I laughed. She sat up and smacked me on the bare chest and called me an asshole. Then she put her arms around my neck and pulled me down on top of her. 

My now softening dick lay against her oozing pussy. She kissed me and whispered in my ear that she always had a rape fantasy and thanked me for fulfilling it.

"You just remember the deal," I told her.

"I know," she said. "I promise to be a good little whore for you."

She then got up, gathered her clothes and headed home. 

The next afternoon she knocked on my door and told me again what a great time she had and begged me again not to show the pictures to her husband or tell him about the party. I looked her straight in the face, giggled a bit and invited her in to talk about things. She stepped in and I shut the door behind her. I then turned to her and dropped my pants. "Start sucking," I said. "We have a deal, remember?"