 This story is total fiction, occurring between those of adult age engaging in spanking that has the appearance of traditional discipline, but is turns out to be a platform for eroticism.



Alberta Bennington watched through the crack in the bedroom door. She watched intently, delighted, as her plan came to life right in front of her. In a few minutes she would take action. Like an actor waiting in the wings for her cue, she would enter and then enact her scene, and what a scene it would be.

Who was she watching? Spinster Governess, Alberta Bennington, a seasoned matron, now firmly in her sixties was fixated on Ronald Romero her current charge. Alberta was hired shortly after Ronald's father passed away a few years ago. Since then it was her self, Ronald, and the young, widow Romero in the big, house. Mrs. Romero was quite involved running her husbands successful software business as well as being quite a social gadabout. This was another long weekend out of town leaving Ronald at home with Miss "Benny" as Ronald referred to her. Governess Bennington was not one to kid with as "Benny" was all business, the consummate, professional, governess, with a dominant personality, determined to keep Ronald on the straight and narrow. "Benny" was a formidable woman. Tall, yet firmly built she was quite capable of taking care of things, and keeping them in order. However if young, Mrs. Romero realized the inner workings of her trusted governess, if she had any inkling of this older, woman's most secret desires and motivations, she may have dismissed her? Or, did Mrs. Romero value her freedom to live as a single, professional woman leaving her son in the hands of her competent Governess without any quandary or concern? We'll never know, but for now she was completely fine with leaving all of Ronald's care with Governess Alberta Bennington.

At nineteen years, Ronald was more of a fifteen year old emotionally. His handsome looks favored his father's Latin side. Despite his five feet, eight inch frame, he possessed the athletic, muscular build of a jock. His big blue eyes were a remarkable compliment to his black hair. But the most noticeable feature on Ronald was his posterior. It was, truly amazing, fitting descriptions such as; big, muscular and dimpled, and boy did it protrude. It was such a prodigious posterior that it presented a challenge to find pants that fit the contrast of his small waist and ample ass. While this was a great fascination to the old governess, it wasn't the first time a young man's fundament had haunted her. "Benny" has been mesmerized by male bottoms all of her life and this kid's bottom was no exception. How could a mature woman have such a thing for young, men's bottoms? Poor, innocent and inexperienced Ronald was the perfect, blank, palette for her to paint a masterpiece.

For quite sometime "Benny" saw evidence that the boy was masturbating, usually up in his room when he got home after school. So she spied. The very act of spying, observing from a secret place was always thrilling to Alberta. As a young girl she secretly observed her own Grandmother and cherished those memories. Her Grandmother would always admonish her about the foolishness of young men simply stating that "Most men are boys, and boys are always naughty. No matter how young or old they are, they need their bottoms warmed up good!"

She agreed with Grandma. Surely such undesirable behavior warranted punishment. Yes sir, she would show him what being keyed up was all about. This beautiful, yet filthy young man needed a good lesson, possibly many lessons to correct this errant habit.

Miss Benny placed a playboy in a short stack of sports and car magazines. She told him that they were found in the garage and that unless he wanted to read them she would throw them out. When he gladly took them to read, she anticipated step two. Now to wait for the opportunity and she didn't have to wait long. The very next afternoon, after coming home from school, he did discover the playboy and it became very special to him.

Alberta Bennington crept up the stairs, and found that his door was not completely closed; she was able to see through the door opening, and see him clearly abusing himself. He still had on his white briefs. It appeared that he just pulled his organs out of the side and was going at it. Alberta was impressed by what filled his hand. It was a big soldier with a very large and impressive helmet. While he pumped himself with one hand, the other held the magazine, and the kid worked in earnest with small gasps. As she watched the spectacle her mind went back to her Grandmother, Forsythia Bennington, and the large sunny, bedroom with the big closet.

Young Alberta, just into puberty was in a very cool place, which soon became a favorite and secure vantage point. Here, she learned, by observing the pleasures and skills of her Grandmother. She knew what was going to happen and she was waiting, sitting on the floor in the dark of Gran's large closet grateful for that slight opening in the door. Her heart pounded as Granny came in, a large woman, yet neat, with erect posture. Grandmother had always extended herself warmly to Alberta, but, now she was speaking to someone in stern tones. That someone was Donald, a college freshman who did yard work during the summer.

As Granny seated her self primly near the closet, she spread a white hand towel across her generous lap. Alberta's heart pounded harder as Donald came into view, wearing shorts, red high top sneakers and a sweat soaked wife beater. Oh, Donald; beautiful, handsome, insecure and submissive Donald. Yes, it seemed that Alberta would witness another one of his special "lessons."

Grandmother lectured sternly wagging a finger at him, as he hung his head hung down. Alberta couldn't recall any wrong doing that occurred that day, but, Gran talked as though he committed some big sin. Taking his hand the old woman pulled him towards her. Now, Alberta had a clear view of him from the back, head to toe. He was a beautiful, young man, so handsome and well built and she saw how he filled out the seat of his shorts. Then, Grandmother quickly pulled them down, and his white, briefs too! His bare, posterior seem to blossom out of its clothed confinement.

She directed him out of the garments pooled around his feet and told him to leave his hands at his side.

"Poor Donald, IfI didn't know better I think you look forward to my little instructions."

"Yes Ma'am", was the soft response.

Guided by her firm grasp, Donald stepped forward and then was placed over the woman's lap, a sight Alberta will remember forever. Without any entanglement of pants or briefs, he had wide as he went over the knee. Soon his ass was higher than his head as Donald rode the crest of Grandmother, Forsythia's knee.

Grandmother adjusted Donald a little more forward and his red high tops left the ground. Alberta noted the angle, and the method of attaining it. She saw how Donald was not just laying over her lap, but up and over that knee. His big round, posterior was up in the air, displayed, splayed and presented. To Alberta it looked delicious. His entire body was fully supported over Grandmother's generous lap, with his thighs, those beautiful thighs with their light sprinkling of dark hair that washed up over his ass cheeks. It was totally breathtaking.

Alberta was fortunate to watch Donald's spanking that day. She soaked in every slap, every nuance and movement. It seemed to go on and on, and when Donald's full submission was attained there seemed to be some emotional release on Grandma's part.

As the memory of Donald's big, angry, red, posterior faded to Ronald's bedside activity, Alberta felt fueled. (Thanks Grandmother). He was so enthralled in his wickedness he didn't realize the door was not completely closed. There he was, the handsome, little, stinker naked, except for a pair of worn, skimpy white briefs, sitting there and feverishly stroking himself. Judging by his breathing and the tumescence of his organ he was close. It was time to act!

Governess, Alberta Bennington flung the door inward and boldly stepped into the room. Ronald cried out in surprise, a real white, hot, surprise, the magazine fell to the floor, hands fled to cover his lap.

"Well now, How naughty! Stand up! Just look at you! And young man, What do you think your doing?

"No! Wait, I didn't know it was there, no please I didn't mean to do it, Please Miss Benny!"

She cut him off, with a wave of her hand. Now she was standing closer, near the foot of his bed, hands on hips looking deliberately at the erection he was trying to cover up.

My Goodness! Look at what you've done to yourself. And you are old enough to know better, or are you? Acting like a bad, little boy, a naughty, wicked, little, boy! Yes, I think that is how I should deal with you!"

Ronald wasn't sure what she meant, in fact he had no idea what she was about to do. He stood, quickly working his erection back into his briefs as best he could, but his damn, penis would not cooperate. With new boldness and outrage at this intrusion of his private time he was going to tell Benny that he was not a kid anymore and she had no right coming into his room like this, but before he could make his big boy speech she grabbed him by the ear. He yelled a quick expletive as he was pulled towards her. Swiftly and smoothly she guided him painfully to where she sat in a chair by the foot of the bed. Benny brought him to forcefully to her right side.

"Yes I really think, I'm going to teach you something new boy! I'll show you what happens to boys with big, naughty bottoms!"

With guidance from his ear she handily she turned him over her lap, while at the same time grabbing waist band of his briefs and jamming them up giving him quite the nuclear wedge.

Not only were his Amazon butt cheeks effectively bared, but his jewel pouch was tucked up tight. Now his good sized erection was pressed against his belly with the big glands proudly sticking out over the top of the waistband, with that, over he went!

With his hands on the carpet, his ass high in the air and feet off the ground by inches she had him where she wanted him. She was aware of his erection, pressed against her thigh. "Good going Alberta!" She told herself. She gloated over the tightly tucked fabric insinuated deeply between those big posterior cheeks. She drank in the moment feeling the victory, and the rush of control as it washed over her.

Suddenly, the memory of her Grandmother's expression came back to her. Was it haughtiness? Or was it arrogance? Or, maybe Grandmother was feeling that delicious rush of control as well. Apparently Grandmother was able to cover the thrills that raged within her with an authoritarian facade. Likewise, Alberta would do the same.

He was full of questions, and pleadings. Was this unknown territory? Is it possible that he was never, ever spanked? How could he be so clueless? His entreaties whined out like some kind of song as he tried to look back and establish eye contact with his governess.

Miss Benny smirked. Gently, she worked more of his underwear up higher, wedging it deeper into the divide between those two meaty, protruding posterior cheeks, she really had this divine posterior up in the air, defying gravity, defying her.

"Poor Ronald, you have so much to learn." Stated in mock concern.

Now she began spanking him, sharp, crisp, slaps making contact again and again.

"Oh, this is perfect" she thought, enjoying the feel of his entire weight on her lap. This narrow, perch she established displayed his fundament, and kept him and his beloved posterior in a perfect place of lewd display and accurate reception. She slapped! Oh did she slap, with a brisk cadence, an unbroken, purposeful, rhythm with an amazing staccato quality. Ronald's posterior quaked with each sharp report. And as the drama got up to speed, his entreaties developed real panic. There was no defiance; no anger or outrage on his part, but a wide eyed amazement of being so completely, helpless and so thoroughly spanked.

"You've brought this on your self young man. So sunk in error! You must understand that I intend to drive this wickedness out of this big, bottom of yours!"

It was then that our righteous governess began to employ a slight bouncing of her lap.

This would prove to be Ronald's first lesson in Yin and Yang. "Ah, Poor boys" Alberta thought, their equipment is so obvious, and so vulnerable, but, what can they do about it. Indeed, what can they do about that one little spot behind their glands that seems to put them in a state no matter what is happening to their bottom? As Grandmother proved with Donald, now Alberta was doing the same thing with Ronald, with that little, hot, spot held captive against the thigh, unable to be removed from the slight, rhythmic attention it was receiving. At the same time, major commotion was occurring across that big ass. And as she continued the purposeful cadence, he looked back at her with big, blue, pleading eyes. This only served to heighten Alberta's excitement, and her mind went back to Donald's wide spread legs, locked in place and trembling, trembling in anticipation of something amazing. All the while Grandmother's hand was busy peppering his red fanny as she vocally chided him. Is it any wonder that Donald always came back for more.

Now, her young man was whimpering, not from extreme pain, but from the battle of sensations, that she delightfully inflicted. Ronald's sounds were a sweet symphony of helpless amazement, as this was a place he'd never been before. He clenched and unclenched his amazing ass and his perfectly formed legs were held wide. Unable to escape the steady cascade of slaps nor that crazy building pleasure from the subtle movement against his penis, Ronald was overwhelmed.

Grunts and gasps replaced the words in his mouth and his fingers dug into the carpet. Ronald rolled his posterior up and out as best he could as if presenting it for more. But he wasn't the only one feeling sexual tension. Benny was breathing in an excited manner, yet still contained. And like Grandma, the slight bouncing served her as well as it served Ronald, proving the adage that less can become much more. She was getting close to exploding herself, but she must maintain.

Ronald had much, more urgency to his vocals, and it was apparent he was reaching his limits. Oh, It all felt so good to her, and this devilish boy, this beautiful, wicked, young man, with his muscular body and his big, red, bottom that she could just eat up; she had to keep slapping, keep slapping keep in control, just keep slapping it!

With breathless gasps his legs opened to their widest and locked in place. His toes pointed downward and the muscles in his legs shown in tensed relief.

"Naughty, wicked Boy!" She stated almost as hiss

Benny was feeling that deep, strong tickling in her parts, it was going to be a hard come.

She took in the sight of his arched, proffered posterior, the wonderful, masculine resistance she felt with each slap, and his higher pitched gasps, real wonder and amazement, and hot pleasure rolled between her legs and burst into her brain. At the same time Ronald began to gasp and yelp loudly and she felt that hot poker buck and spasm violently against her thigh. Yes, that surface that provided such minimal movement was now harvesting a violent reaction. Clenching with each spasm it seemed his anus would suck his briefs up inside. A hard, white, hot orgasm exploded in the young man's head filling him with deep sensations as never before. As she breathed hard and tried to recover she spanked the last remnants of the nuclear orgasm out of him. Feeling the hot wet on her lap, she realized how copious his climax was. For now, this ride was over. He relaxed, now conquered with parted thighs, breathing hard.

She did herself and Grandmother proud. His posterior cheeks were a deep, even, angry red. Now she traced her fingers down the cotton edges into the valley, then going further below, letting them peek inside providing light, feathery touches to his tight balls, her index finger exploring with skill.

"So, Young, Man. If ever I catch you doing this again. We'll do this all over again. And next time, the briefs come off. Understand?

Meanwhile her finger continued its journey around his drawn up nuts, under them, then following upwards feeling the still swollen state of his perineum.

Sometime this week, she must remember to get the newest issue of Playboy.