 Part 1 of 3: Mom at Work

My mother works as a Front Office manager at a luxury hotel. During my summer vacation from college, I got a part-time job at the same hotel. This meant that I had exclusive access to places where my mom worked.

One day, I saw my mother and her boss walking towards the conference room. They were a short distance away from me. It all seemed so normal, except for the fact that the boss ran her fingers through mom's hair.

For some important context, the boss is a gorgeous Hispanic woman in her 50's. Her name is Alejandra. She beams with confidence, she's a natural leader, and she has a statuesque figure which compliments her stern face.

By contrast, my mother is demure and proper in every way. She's equally as desirable, but she has a delicate softness about her.

It was jarring to see Alejandra rubbing mom's hair as they walked together. Especially since Alejandra was a tall woman, and my mother is so petite. No matter what my personal feelings were, to an average person, this would look sexual. It quickly sunk in, that whatever this was, it certainly wasn't business.

Before they turned to head down the hall, I saw Alejandra plant a big kiss on my mother's forehead in the most dominating way. 

I was stunned. I had to find out. 

Thoughts swirled through my mind as I followed them. How could mom do this to our family? How could she risk everything for sex with her female boss? It was particularly surprising because I had always regarded my mother as being a very conservative, family oriented person. She always kept her body covered, even on hot days. She always greeted people with a warm smile and always taught me to do the right thing. Now here she was...

This area of the hotel was for employees only. No one else was there. And the conference room was mostly private, but there were small openings from glass windows where someone could peek inside.

I walked slowly, hoping this was all a crazy misunderstanding. When I spied on them through the small glass, my worst fear came true-- I saw Alejandra naked from behind as she was taking her clothes off. The boss was completely nude facing the other direction. And she appeared to strap something to her crotch.

My mother wasn't in sight for a moment, until she stepped before the boss while also completely naked. This was the first time I had ever seen my mother naked before. She was so gorgeous. Her body was mouth watering and the boss eyed her up and down. 

If that wasn't shocking enough, Alejandra turned and I saw that she was wearing a strap-on dildo. That thing must have easily been about 7 or 8 inches, compared to my petite 5'3 mother.  

As if on cue, my mother turned around and laid her bare breasts on the conference table. She spread her legs, with her bare feet pressed on the floor. Alejandra said a few words in mom's ear, before guiding the tip of the strap-on to mom's pussy. 

It took a few seconds for Alejandra to get the tip inside before she could begin to penetrate my mother. I could see mom letting out a gasp each time there was a thrust. Alejandra gripped mom's waist and then really went to work.

The contrast was amazing, with Alejandra's luscious body and brown skin, compared to mom's softer physique and thin white figure. The look on their faces also showed their contrast, with Alejandra grinning, and mom's face grimacing.

I was amazed by how far that strap-on could be rammed so far deep inside my mother's slender body. I could see mom clenching her jaw from the pain and squeezed her eyes shut, causing all the lines on her face to show, making her look older than she was. 

I could barely watch. Yet at the same time, I found myself becoming incredibly aroused as well. The taboo was amazing of seeing my mother in an intense sexual setting with another woman.

When it was done, Alejandra pulled out, with the strap-on becoming drenched in clear fluids from my mother's pussy. The boss used a tissue to wipe the strap-on, and she handed a few extra tissues for my mother to wipe herself.  When my mother finally came to her senses, she stood up and used the tissue to wipe her pussy. 

I had to sneak away. If I was caught, things would have been even worse.

***

The next day. 

After spending the last 24 hours becoming obsessed over my mother's deeply sexual side, I knew I had to do something, but I couldn't ask mom about it either. I couldn't let this, whatever this was, destroy our family. The best thing I could do was ask mom's boss directly.

Alejandra let me enter her office as soon as I knocked on the door. 

"Hey there," she said in a friendly manner. "How are you?"

"Fine. Well, mostly fine."

"Oh? Is something on your mind? What can I do for you? Any issues with the job?"

"I'll get straight to the point," I said nervously. "It's about... my mother."

Alejandra suddenly looked concerned. "Is everything okay? What's wrong?"

I cleared my throat and took a deep breath. "Nothing's wrong, well, it's complicated. What I mean to say is, I saw you and my mother yesterday."

She looked confused. "Yes, we work closely together. Your mother is very important when it comes to running this hotel."

"I mean... ummm... I saw you two in the conference room. I saw you rubbing her hair, then I saw what you two did inside."

I fully expected Alejandra to at least be ashamed or horrified that they were caught. Instead, she maintained her straight face and stern demeanor.

"Your mother and I have a special arrangement," she said plainly.

Her reaction was stunning. Apparently this was all so normal to her.

"That's it?" I asked. "That's all you have to say?"

"That's right. Your mother has a home life at home, where it belongs. And she has a life at work, which is beneath me."

I was even more shocked. "I can report you for this."

"Go ahead. The people who own this hotel know how things work. Besides, your mother and I have a very special understanding." 

"What do you mean?"

Alejandra smiled. "You see, I've worked closely with your mother for many, many years. I've figured her out. I know what she is and what she likes. It's time for you to learn. Your mother is my naked submissive slut. Face it."

Hearing those words coming from Alejandra's smiling face sent a smoldering sensation down my spine. It was incredibly erotic to hear, even though I should have hated it.

"I don't believe it," I blurted out, even though I did believe it.

"Believe whatever you want," she replied. "You saw it for herself. Could you hear her moaning and begging for more? Did you see how fucking wet she got?"

At this point I found myself transfixed on her every word. I was no longer angry, but curious and aroused. Hearing her describe that moment the way that she did sent a small shiver through my body. 

"Why are you doing this?" I asked.

"Because I can. I crave it, and so does your mother. She loves my dominance, and I love her submission. We're a sexually compatible match."  

A wave of emotions came over me from hearing this. I still couldn't believe my mom would ever do this. 

I found myself still being curious about all of this and feeling the same intensely erotic feelings I had felt yesterday. 

"How long has this been going on?" I asked

"A few years now. It's been escalating slowly and steadily."

"Oh...."

She grinned. "Why didn't you stop it when you had the chance? You enjoyed watching it, didn't you? You liked the sight of me fucking your naked mother. I bet you jerked off when you got home."

I didn't know how to reply because it was true and I couldn't deny it. 

Alejandra continued, "So tell me, what exactly made you want to watch? Have you always had a thing for your mother? Or did you like seeing how I owned another woman?" 

"Both I guess," I reluctantly admitted.

"I appreciate your honesty. Frankly, you're making me wet right now. I've always had a soft spot for the mom/son thing. You know, having you watch me again would be the icing on the cake."

"What do you mean?" I asked, wondering the point of all this.

Alejandra smiled. "I'll tell you what, I understand why you want me to end things with your mother. How about we work something out? If you watch me fuck her, I'll end things sooner with your mom."

"What?" I gulped. "How would that work."

"I run this hotel. I'll set something up so you can watch me own your mom. She'll never know. It'll be our secret. How about it? I'm getting drenched just thinking about it."

The idea of making this kind of a deal with my mom's boss was wrong- no doubt about it. But at the same time, I couldn't resist either. Especially from all the emotions I felt the day before. So I agreed to this proposal, which was sealed with a handshake.

***

The next morning. 

Being alone with Alejandra in one of the higher-end hotel rooms felt like a betrayal towards my mother. Soon, I'd be watching them fuck. But as excited as it made me, I rationalized everything on the basis that it would be best for our family. The sooner this affair (or whatever it was) ended, the better it would be for all of us.

At around 10 am, Alejandra received a text from my mother, stating that she'd be there soon. I felt my heart pounding.

"Stay in here," Alejandra said, opening up a wooden closet.

"It's a closet."

"It's a special closet. This room is for swingers and cuckolds. The closet has a little peephole, so it's made for spying. The participants know, but in your mother's case, it's best if she doesn't."

"What are you going to do with her?"

"I'm going to fuck her, nice and hard for you to watch. That's why I asked her to meet me in the hotel room. The bed is nice. Usually I have your mother eat my pussy in the office, but that's another story."

I gulped. "Do you do this with a lot of women?"

"Yes."

"How long will this last?"

"Maybe half an hour," she said. "I'm a busy woman, and so is she."

"I'm sure."

"Step right in," she said, gesturing inside. "Enjoy it while you have this opportunity. I know I will."

I entered the closet and Alejandra closed the door. As expected, there was a small peephole which gave me a view of the bed. I waited there for about 5 minutes, until finally my mother arrived.

The sound of my mother's voice really made things sink in. Mom's voice saying 'good morning' to her dominant boss had become a turn-on.

"You look amazing," mom said to her boss. "I'm glad you chose this room. It's perfect for a hot fuck."

That was the very first time I had ever heard my mother using a curse word.

"Like I said, today will be special," Alejandra replied. "We'll definitely be having a lot of fun. Besides, the pounding I'll be giving you will be much too risky for the conference room or my office. We wouldn't want anyone finding out about this, would we?"

"No, we wouldn't," my mother said in her soft voice. "I love being your naked slut behind closed doors."

"That's what I wanted to hear. Now get undressed, right over there."

For the first time, I saw my mother in view. She walked over by the chair near the bed and she looked beautiful and elegant. I started becoming erect as she casually took off her jacket and pants while still facing away from me, and like a classy lady, she folded them neatly. Her blouse came next. Her body was terrific. I got excited seeing her large round ass and those beautiful thighs of hers again. 

Then in one swift motion, she unsnapped her bra and slipped off her panties and placed them on top of her clothes. 'Incredible' was the only thing that came to mind as my mother was now completely in the nude. 

Her ass looked pale compared to the rest of her body.  And when she turned to face Alejandra, I saw mom's full front nudity. Her breasts and hips were voluptuous and she had a small patch of pubic hair. What I loved most was the sight of her large brown nipples. They looked succulent. 

Alejandra walked towards my mother, also naked. "Very nice. It's a shame you have to work in a uniform. I'd prefer you naked all the time. Imagine that. Business would be amazing. I bet your husband loves these huge nipples of yours."

Bending down, Alejandra sucked on mom's nipple.

"Yes, he does enjoy them," mom replied in a low moan.

When Alejandra finished, she stood up and they looked each other in the eyes for a moment before sharing a kiss. It wasn't just a regular kiss on the lips either, it was a passionate kiss where their hands were all over each other's bodies. I could even hear their tongues slopping around. Mom's wedding ring was pressed all over her boss's naked body.

The kiss ended and they locked eyes again.

"Have a seat for a moment," Alejandra said. "I'm sure you're thirsty for my cunt."

"I've been dreaming about it all night."

I was amazed to hear mom talk like that. But watching my mother sit down and take Alejandra's pussy in her mouth was something else. Mom opened wide and took everything in. Her lips were stretched to their limit as she was taking in her boss's vagina. She closed her eyes while she did it.  The suction of her mouth looked incredibly tight as her face seemed to cave in.

It was a surreal sight watching mom orally serve this Latina goddess. It was surreal watching her white face against her boss's brown skin. She looked like she was trying to do the best she could. She was clearly enjoying herself.

A few minutes later, Alejandra wrapped her fingers in mom's hair and pushed her back; a trail of fluids hung from mom's lips. 

"Get on all fours," Alejandra said. "I'm going to fuck you."

Mom switched positions and got on her hands and knees in the middle of the bed. Her breasts hung down from that position. This time, she had a look of calmness on her face. Almost serene. She was ready for this. 

That look of serenity didn't last long as Alejandra wore the strap-on and positioned herself behind my mother. The look on mom's face changed.  Mom clenched her teeth and squeezed the blanket as Alejandra entered her body.  They started fucking like they did last time. Hard and rough. The same dominating look on Alejandra's face, and the same look of agony on mom's. 

Mom's breasts swaying back and forth. The sound alone of what they were doing could have brought me to an orgasm; the wet sound of them fucking, along with hearing my mom whimpering like a small puppy with that giant 'cock' in her.

Signs of perspiration appeared on each of their faces. 

"Dirty fucking slut," Alejandra said. "You're my favorite kind of wife and mother."

Those words put a smile on mom's face. That was when Alejandra really started to fuck, with deeper and faster thrusts.  It was to the point where my mother was doing everything she possibly could to keep herself from screaming as tears rolled down her face. To top it all off, her full breasts kept violently rocking back and forth from the fucking she had to endure. 

It wasn't long until mom's body stiffened and her eyes rolled back. A steady stream of liquid started squirting as she bent her head back, squeezed her eyes shut, and let out a soft scream. Her cum was spraying out of her vagina as if she was urinating, and then her body suddenly went completely limp, burying her face in the pillow. 

Mom collapsed, and Alejandra laid on top of her for a moment. Their sweaty bodies pressed together.

"That was the most I've ever squirted," mom said happily. "Incredible." 

"Dirty sluts enjoy being treated like dirty sluts. After this you can go back to being a manager, then at home you'll be a housewife and mom."

"The way it should be," mom said, rolling over to kiss Alejandra on the lips.

"Now make me cum." 

Alejandra removed the strap-on and tossed it to the side, letting my mother service her pussy. Mom went to work sucking on it like before, only this time with a ravenous thirst.

The boss's legs went stiff and her toes curled. Then she relaxed.

"Now you can get back to work," Alejandra said, satisfied. 

Mom kissed her again, then she got up, naked, and walked towards the bathroom, not knowing that her son had just witnessed this entire event.  I couldn't help but think how different mom looked compared to when she first came in. Her previously neat hair was now a mess, and her once elegant face now covered with smeared makeup and sweat. She had traces of cum all around her mouth and pubic hairs, as well as cum running down her legs. 

*

Alejandra opened the closet door after mom left. 

"You clearly enjoyed yourself," she said, while still completely naked.

I stepped out of the closet. "I did. I wasn't expecting any of that. The way she talked. The way she did everything. I'm shocked."

"A naked submissive like your mother is born with those traits."

"Yeah, I guess."

She grabbed mom's panties on the bed and tossed them at me.

"For you," she said. "Your mother always gives me her panties after we mess around. Keep that as a souvenir. When you get home, smell it. It'll help you cum when you jerk off."

Part 2 of 3: Mom's Perfect Panties

Mom got home around 4 pm. The first thing I thought when seeing her was how proper she looked again after what had happened. After settling down, she took a shower to unwind and get cleaned up again. 

I closed the door in my room and laid on my bed. I thought of my sweet and caring mother being sexually ravaged by her sexy boss. I took mom's panties out of my pocket and started examining them for the first time. I smelled them, taking in its musty odor. Alejandra was right; mom's scent was an aphrodisiac. 

Suddenly, the doorbell rang.

Mom yelled from her room after the shower. "Sweetie! Can you get that for me! I'm expecting a package!" 

I quickly shoved mom's panties underneath my pillow before running to get the door. As expected, it was a delivery mom was expecting.

"You were right!" I hollered so mom would hear me upstairs. "It's for you, it was the clothes you ordered!"

I went back upstairs towards mom's room, only she wasn't there. Looking on the other side, I saw mom in my room, sitting on my bed. She was wearing a white bathrobe.

More striking, she was holding the panties I had carelessly tried to hide under my pillow. Her lips were quivering as I approached.

"You were never very good at hiding your things," she said with her voice trembling.

"Mom...I'm so sorry..."

"Where did you get this? Where!?"

She was furious and I couldn't blame her.

"I'll start from the beginning," I sighed, knowing I had to open about everything so we'd understand each other. "I saw you and your boss going to the conference room the other day. I... I saw what happened inside. When I went to talk to Alejandra about it, she said a few things. And she said she'd end things with you sooner if I... you know... watched."

"And did you?" she asked with a hurt tone.

"I did. Only because I was thinking of dad and our family. I'm sorry. I thought it was the only way."

Mom pursed her lips and gulped. "Don't worry about your dad. He knows about all this."

Her tone had become somber and I was totally caught off guard. She sniffled and little and fought back a tear. But in the end, it looked like she felt relief. It was like she was glad to have this secret off her back.

"Dad knows?" I asked.

"He knows about my dark side. The side of me that's deeply submissive. The side that craves these things."

"He knows about Alejandra?"

"Yes, he enjoys the details. I love your father with all my heart, and he loves me the same way. But your father knows that he can't satisfy all of me. So, he lets me explore, with only two possible exceptions."

"What are they?" I asked.

"First, that the person is a woman. He doesn't want me fooling around with strange men. The second is... I can't even say it..."
