 I was on my way to the airport when my phone rang. I didn't recognize the number so I didn't answer. It buzzed in a second and I had a new voicemail. I was very tempted not to check it, but if they left a voicemail it must be something important. It was my little sister. Her name is Audrey, and when I say little, I mean little. I was 26 and she was 18. Mom and Dad must have been in a good mood the night she was conceived. They rarely were in a good mood. Before I left home, it seemed like they hated each other. I didn't know why they stayed together except they were extremely religious. They didn't approve of divorce, so they just hung in there, getting more and more surly all the time. Don't get me wrong, I loved them both. If you got either one of them by themselves they were really cool and fun to be around. Mom was just someone that needed control and Dad was someone who fiercely resented anyone trying to control him.

I saw them three or four times a year. I absolutely refused to go home, but I bought each of them open tickets to come and see me any time they wanted to, as long as they came by themselves. Audrey came by herself once when she was 12, but I hadn't spent much time with her recently. I felt guilty about that. I felt like I should swoop in and rescue her. She seemed like a sweet kid. The other little thing about her was her size. At 12, she looked more like eight. She was a tiny little thing the last time I saw her. The pictures she sent me showed that she was still very tiny. You could tell she was becoming mature, but it was a slow process. She called me once a month and we talked, sometimes for a long time. It wasn't time for that call and I wondered why she was calling from a strange number.

Her message said that it was an emergency and she needed me to call her as soon as I got the message. She left me a number, and I didn't recognize it. I called and a woman answered the phone. "St. Vincent's emergency room," she said. "How may I direct your call?"

"I'm trying to get hold of Audrey Davis," I told her. "I'm her brother and she gave me this number."

"Hold on a minute and I'll get her," she said.

It wasn't long before I heard Audrey talking to her. "Hey, baby," I said when she answered. "Why are you at the hospital? Are you okay?"

"No, Jackson, I'm not. There's been an accident. I have a broken leg and a broken arm and collar bone. Mom and Dad are messed up really bad, Jacks. They're in surgery and I'm so afraid. I think they're going to die! They had to cut them out of the car. A semi-truck crossed into our lane and hit us head on. I was in the back seat. God, I need you. Please Jackson, can you come to Boston?"

I hesitated a minute. This was going to take some frantic scrambling around. "I'll be there, Audrey. I'm on my way to the airport now. I was leaving for Hong Kong. I'll get a flight and be there as soon as I can. It's a long way from San Juan to Boston. I'm so sorry, baby. It will be a while."

"I'll be okay as long as I know you're coming," she said. "They're going to sedate me. I hurt really bad, Jacks. I'll probably be out while you're coming and I won't even know. I wouldn't let them give me the drugs until I talked to you. Please hurry! I'm so afraid."

She was sobbing and I could tell she was in a lot of distress.

"Hang in there, sweetheart," I told her. "I'll be there as soon as possible. Let them give you your medicine."

"I will, I promise. I love you, Jackson."

"Me too, kid," I told her. "Let me talk to the lady I talked to a minute ago."

The lady got on the phone and I asked to speak to someone who could give me more information about my parents. She told me someone would call if I would leave a number.

"I'm about to get on an airplane," I told her. "They won't let me use my cell phone and I won't have a signal."

She told me to hang on, and by the time someone came to the phone I was parking at the airport. It was a hospital administrator. She said that she had checked with the surgeons and that my parents would be gone in a matter of minutes. They had extensive brain injuries and they were on life support. As soon as the machines were turned off, they would be gone.

"My little sister is in the emergency room," I told her. "How badly is she hurt?"

She checked and assured me that Audrey was going to be fine. "She's badly bruised and battered, she has a concussion, abrasions and contusions and three broken bones," she said. "She's been sedated. She was in a great deal of pain."

I asked her how long they would keep her like that. She told me the doctor said at least two days and she would be taking pain pills for a week after that.

"Listen," I told her. "She's all alone there. I'm the only family she has and I'm flying in from Puerto Rico. Is there any way you could not tell her about Mom and Dad until I get there?"

"Of course, Mr. Davis. We're not insensitive to her condition. What do you want to do about the life support?"

"Is there any chance?" I asked.

"I'm afraid not," she said.

"They have a directive not to be kept on life support," I told her. "I'll call their attorney and have him get it to you."

"Thanks, and I'm very sorry about your parents," she said. "We'll take good care of your sister until you arrive."

I got my ticket changed and got on a flight to Boston. There were a million things to do. I had to notify my contact in Hong Kong that my parents had been killed in an accident and that I wouldn't be coming any time soon. I called the office and told them I was taking a six month's leave. I explained the situation and they didn't give me any grief about it.

I contacted Dad's attorney and got the transfer of the living will directive made. They had funeral arrangements made years before, and I took care of that, too. I thought about the situation for an hour. There was no way I wanted to go to that house. I called a moving company and arranged for Audrey's things to be picked up and taken to my house in San Juan. Mom and Dad's things were to be shipped and put in storage until Audrey had time to go through them. The flight was interminable, and I bought WiFi and stayed on the phone for hours, making arrangements and changing everything I had planned.

When I arrived in Boston, I rented a car and drove to the hospital. I found out Audrey's room number and went up. She was asleep when I got there. Her face looked like she had been in a fight. There was a bandage on her head and her left arm and right leg were in casts. The arm was in some sort of traction device of cables and pulleys. It was evidently broken badly. She had bandages everywhere I could see. If it hadn't been for her hair, I wouldn't have recognized her. Our parent's religion had forbidden cutting it. It was probably three feet long and flaming red. That's they only thing they believed with whic I ever agreed. I love long hair. Mom had been a redhead, too, but I took after Dad's side of the family. Audrey is five-two and I'm six-four. She weighed maybe a hundred pounds, and I was 230. Looking at us, you would have no idea we were related. I have dark hair. We share the same dark complexion, which is odd, because most redheads are light ginger types.

She looked terrible and my heart was breaking. I petted the unbruised and unbandaged parts of her, basically her hair and she opened one eye a little. She smiled up at me and went back to sleep.

They kept her high for another 24 hours, and the only time she stirred was when she was thirsty. I gave her ice water and she went back to sleep. I never left her room. They took the traction machine away the second day and she looked more comfortable. I made travel arrangements and got some things for her; personal items, a couple of pairs of sweats and hoodies to match, some shorts and t-shirts and flip-flops. I got her a big coat to wear until we got out of Boston, and a nice blanket to cover her up at the funeral. Mom and Dad had just wanted graveside stuff, and it was going to be simple.

When Audrey woke up, it was a difficult first couple of hours. I had to tell her Mom and Dad were gone. She was inconsolable, and I comforted her as best I could. I couldn't keep the tears back, myself, and we held one another and grieved. The funeral was the next day and they discharged Audrey an hour before. I dressed her in the new sweats and the coat and we put her in the wheelchair I had bought. I took her down to the car and we cried together for a long time after the service; she looked so pitiful wrapped in her blanket, two black eyes and her little face so bruised and my heart was breaking for her. There were hundreds of people there, mostly from their church. The pastor said a lot of inappropriate things about how they were saved but the rest of us were going to hell. Two dour ladies approached me about keeping Audrey in Boston. They felt that I was not a good influence on her, and as her spiritual mentors they should keep her. I know how to put down that sort of pretension, and they didn't stay long.

We said our goodbyes and I took her straight to the airport. I changed her clothes in the car and put her in shorts and a t-shirt. Mom never allowed her to wear shorts, and I could tell she was a little uncomfortable but she didn't say anything.

When we were checking in, she asked me where we were going.

"We're going home, baby," I told her.

"You mean to Puerto Rico?"

"Yes, is that okay with you?"

"I just thought we would stay here for a while," she said.

She looked so little and pitiful, wrapped in her blanket in the wheelchair that it made me cry. I knelt in front of her chair and hugged her. I kissed her cheek and looked in her eyes. They were blue/grey and full of tears.

"I live in San Juan and that's where you live, too," I told her. "You're all mine now. I've always wanted you to come and stay with me for a summer. This is way better. I mean, not that Mom and Dad are gone, but now I get to have you for as long as you'll stay with me. You're all I have, Audrey, and you're precious to me. I'm going to take care of you, baby, and it's going to be good. Will you give me a chance?"

She put her good arm around my neck and kissed me on the lips. "Yes, Jackson; I love you. I always have and I want to stay with you forever. I remember how nice you were to me when I stayed with you before. It was the best week of my life."

"Then it's settled," I stood up. "You're staying with me from now on. You're mine now and you're going to be treated like a queen. I'm going to make sure that happens."

The airline was very nice about accommodating her when they found out what had happened, and the stewardesses treated her like a princess. We changed planes in Miami. When we landed in San Juan there was a gorgeous sunset and a storm out over the ocean. I got her in my truck. She was still very sore and battered and she winced when I picked her up. She was light as a feather and so slender in my arms. I wanted to hold her forever.

I had a very large house on a hill looking out over the ocean. I had my own beach and the blue water droped off to a nice reef out there. There was a lagoon with lots of coral, and I wheeled her out on the deck and made dinner. We had fresh fish I had picked up in the market, and prawns.

I fed her prawns and bites of fish, which she washed down with orange soda. I remembered that was her favorite, and I had got some. We talked and laughed together until she was sleepy.

I put her in bed and she asked me to stay until she went to sleep. The next morning we ate fruit for breakfast, and she looked like she wanted to tell me something.

"Is something wrong?" I asked her.

"I smell," she said. "I need to take a bath. How am I going to do that, Jacks?"

"I'll wash you," I told her.

"Nooo, Jackson, don't," she was practically crying.

"Relax, baby," I told her. "No one is going to do anything to you without your permission. That's something that's going to change about your life. You don't ever have to do anything you don't want to do."

"Really?" she looked up at me.

"Really," I told her. "You aren't a slave, Audrey. No one is going to tell you what to do. Get used to it. That's the thing I hated most about living with Mom and Dad. They had all those rules about what you could and couldn't do. It didn't matter to them what you thought. You're grown up now, and you get to decide. I think you'll make responsible decisions. I may try to talk you into doing things I think will be good for you. For instance, why don't you want me to wash you?"

"Jackson! I would have to take my clothes off. You would see me naked! You're my brother."

"I've helped you get dressed twice already," I told her. "I've already seen you nearly naked. I don't think a little pink lacy bra and panty set would be considered much cover. I am your brother, you're right. That means I take care of my little sister when she's sick. I wash her, change her bed, give her medicine, carry her around when she can't walk, whatever it takes. That's what you do for people you love."

"Are you sure? It's very embarrassing."

"Would you rather I hire a stranger to wash you?"

"No, I want you to do it if it has to be done."

"The doctor told me all the bandages could come off today," I told her. "We have to cover up your casts with plastic bags. We'll put rubber bands around the top so no water will get in."

She agreed, and I wheeled her into the bathroom to get undressed. I pulled her shirt off and her shorts down over her cast, leaving her in her bra and panties. They were the white ones I got her while she was in the hospital. I let her keep them on for a while. It was a little disturbing at first. She had become something different than the last time I saw her. She had breasts and her hips had become flared and exciting. I didn't want to stare so I got a warm washcloth and wet the tape holding her bandages on. When the tape softened enough, it pulled off easily without pulling her skin. She had more than a dozen and it took me a while. I left her there and went to get garbage bags to cover her casts. I got two big rubber bands and covered her casts. She got back in the chair while I got the water adjusted.

"Okay," I told her. "Don't feel bad now, but I'm going to take off your underwear. Lean forward for me."

She did and I unhooked the little bra. I pulled it over arms and she lifted her butt a little so I could pull her panties down. There was a stone bench in my shower, built into the wall, and I set her down on it."

"This is silly," she said. "Your clothes are getting all wet. I think you should take them off."

"Won't that embarrass you?" I asked her.

"Yes, but I'll feel less embarrassed if I'm not the only one naked."

I stripped and got back in. She didn't want to look, but her eyes kept being drawn back to my cock.

I didn't want to stare, either, but I couldn't help it. She laughed and looked up at me. Her eyes were clear blue with streaks of violet in them. I realized that they changed color with her moods.

"This is really awkward," she said. "I've never seen a naked boy before, and so I'm just going to look until it doesn't seem so weird, okay?"

"Only if I can look, too," I told her. "I've never seen my little sister naked before either."

She nodded. She moved her eyes over my body and relaxed against the wall, the warm water streaming over her.

She was stunning in her innocence. Her breasts took my breath away. Her wet hair was covering one, hanging down on the bench nearly to the floor. They were little firm perky cones. They were maybe the size of half a small apple, fuller at the bottoms and turned up toward the tip. She had almost invisible areola, just one shade darker than her skin, and her nipples begged to be sucked. They were little brown buttons about the size of a pencil eraser. They were high and proud. My eyes traced her slender form downward. She had a tiny waist that quickly flared out into her slim hips. She had the cutest little belly button and below that was a small patch of that flaming red hair. It was very sparse and her skin showed through plainly. She had trimmed it into a thin line. Her mons thrust out in a little rise and I could see the beginnings of light pink lips below.

"God, you're gorgeous, Audrey!" I told her. "You grew up pretty, baby."

She blushed pink all over. She was one of those rare redheads who can tan and she had brown arms and legs while her body was lighter and golden colored. The blush colored her up and she looked adorable. I certainly adored her.

"Thanks," she whispered. "You look amazing, too, Jacks. Can I touch you?"

"Yes, if you want to," I told her. "I'm going to be touching you. I have to if I'm going to wash you."

"Okay," she said. "Would you mind if we got started? This is really embarrassing."

I got a washcloth and pumped shower gel on it. I carefully washed her face, taking care to go easy on the abrasion on her forehead. I washed her neck and shoulders, again taking care not to hurt her abrasions or the broken collar bone. When I reached her chest, I got the upper part and squirted some gel on her breasts. I lathered them up and she gasped when the cloth touched her nipples. They sprang erect and she blushed even more. I just washed, not trying to feel her up. I kept telling myself that this was my little sister and she trusted me. I couldn't take advantage of her. I pulled her toward me, away from the wall so I could get to her back. I scrubbed it well and then moved down and washed her good foot and her thighs above the cast. My cock was at half-mast and it threatened to rise all the way as I washed her smooth thighs. When I reached her crotch she flinched away.

"It's too much,' she gasped. "I'll do it."

I handed her the cloth and she washed between her legs. "I can't do my butt," she said. "Help me."

I pulled her up and she held my arm with her good one while she balanced on one leg. She had a fantastic butt. I don't think I've ever seen anything quite as beautiful and sexy. It was very firm and round, small, but full and resilient as I ran the cloth over it. I washed in the deep valley between her cheeks and she moaned. I got the shower head off its hook and ran the water down her back. When I parted her cheeks and ran the water down that valley she shivered. I let her sit back down and got the shampoo to wash her hair. As I was lathering it up, I felt a feather touch on my belly. I looked down and her hand was touching me just below my navel. As I washed her hair the touch became firm and she ran her hand over my belly.

"You have nice muscles, Jacks," she told me.

I laughed and flexed my abs. I had pretty good definition, and I spent a lot of time trying to stay in shape. She ran her hand up to my chest and as I rinsed the shampoo out of her hair, it slid down and gave my cock a squeeze.

I gasped and her hand jerked back like it had been burned.

"I'm sorry, Jacks," her eyes were pleading with me. "That was bad. I just needed to know what it felt like. I'm so sorry."

"It's okay, baby," I assured her. "I'm not mad. I told you you could touch me."

She smiled up at me and I turned off the water. I took her tiny naked form in my arms and stood her in front of the mirror so she could hold on to the counter. I got a big fluffy towel and dried her off.

"Do you blow dry your hair?" I asked her.

"No, it breaks it," she said. "I'll just wrap it up in a towel. Will you brush it for me later?"

"Of course I will, Audrey." I wrapped her up in her towel, sad to see her gorgeous nakedness disappear under it. I got another and wrapped it around her hair. My cock was iron hard by now and she looked at it.

"Why are you like that?" she asked. "Will it go away? Does it hurt?"

"Well, it's like that because I was in the shower with the most beautiful naked girl I've ever seen," I told her. "When men get excited this happens. It's like your nipples getting hard. They don't stay like that. It will go down. It doesn't hurt unless it happens often and I don't get any relief."
