 My sister Lisette and I have had an up & down relationship our whole lives. She's just hitting 60, while I'm 2 years older, with another brother, Mark, in between, and another sister, Lyn, 10 years my junior. 

She got married shortly after high school, but I knew that that was more to be able to move out of the house and not lose the support of the parents than because she was in love with Bob. I told him, warned him, that he'd regret marrying her, but he didn't listen, and 14 months later it was done. I had predicted 12 months. 

So now Lisette could live away from home, do what she wanted with whomever she wanted, and didn't have to answer to anyone. And she still got total support from the parents. 

We were great friends, hanging out together, having a lot of the same friends in common, but then I moved away and we really didn't see each other much for the next 30+ years. I knew that she had never re-married, never even had a long-term or serious relationship. I also knew that she didn't have many friends. Apparently she was too much like our mother. 

But Lisette was a beauty, always turning heads. She had long, brunette hair, hazel eyes, a full C-cup, and a great ass. She loved snow skiing and partying, though she did have a mouth on her. She wasn't afraid to say anything to anyone. She was also a very smart person, having built her own business and become successful and wealthy. 

We hadn't really talked or seen each other in 10-15 years. I'd seen her once for a couple of hours with other family members on one of my infrequent visits back to Florida from my current home in Portugal. We didn't really talk much, but there were also no sparks. I almost hadn't recognized her, but as soon as I heard her laugh/cackle, I knew it was her. 

So it was with great surprise that my phone rang one day and I found Lisette on the other end when I answered; not an email, an actual phone call. I figured it had to be bad news (from her point of view), but to my surprise, she actually just wanted to talk to me. 

An hour or two later, we had smoothed over the uncomfortable air between us of the last years and had had a really nice, friendly conversation. As it was drawing to a close, I told her that she was always welcome to visit if she should have the desire. I was blown away when she said she just might do that. 

"You really mean it?" she asked. "You wouldn't mind if I came to visit?" 

"I'd love it, actually," I replied. "It's been too long." 

"Well, I've been wanting to get away from here and not just for a few days," she replied. 

"Come for as long as you like or need," I quickly assured her. "There's plenty of room and you won't be in the way or lack privacy." 

"God, I really should," Lisette said, sighing heavily. 

"What about the business?" I asked. "Can you be away for long?" 

"Believe it or not, I sold it," she replied. "So the only excuse I have now for anything is me." 

"You sold it!" I exclaimed. "That is really cool. I hope you did well." 

"They were idiots," she said, laughing. "One of the big mega-corporations that just had to have more of a monopoly in our area than they already had. A few million more or less didn't mean shit to them." 

"A few million?" I gasped. 

"Can you believe it?" she replied. "So now I've got my serious drop-dead money, more than I can spend before I die." 

"Well, then, no excuses," I said. "Let me know when you're arriving and I'll meet you." 

I was in a bit of a fog for the next day or so as I absorbed the ramifications of reconnecting with Lisette. I was blown away by the fact that she had cashed out so nicely. I knew how hard she had worked to build the business, having done subcontract work for her in the past. Still, I was unprepared when the phone rang a few days later and it was Lisette again. 

"I've booked a flight," she said straight away. "Faro, right?" 

"Yes, right," I replied, in shock. "You're really coming?" 

"Am I still invited?" she retorted, the same old Lisette. 

"Absolutely," I replied. "Email me your flight details and I'll meet you." 

That's why I found myself at Faro airport 2 days later with my arms filled with my 'little' sister. She was laughing with tears running down her face. I was almost in shock. She looked far different than when I had seen her a few years ago, perhaps 20lbs lighter and seeming far more youthful than her 60 years. 

"So, where's your car?" she asked after we had collected her bags. 

"I don't have one," I told her. 

"You don't have a car?" she asked in disbelief. 

"No," I replied. "I don't need one living in Lagos, so I don't bother with the trouble or expense. If and when I need one, I can easily rent one. That almost never happens, though." 

"How do you get around?" she asked. 

"I mostly walk," I informed her. "But I have a bicycle and also a scooter. It seems to work for me." 

"How did you get here?" she asked. 

"Train and taxi," I replied. "It's the most economical." 

"Well, I'm not worrying about economics right now," she said. "I'm beat. Can we take a taxi back? I'll pay." 

"Definitely," I agreed. 

"It feels good here," Lisette said when the taxi finally dropped us off in front of the building where I had my apartment. "Smells right." 

"This place is magic," I replied as we headed up the stairs. "This one is mine," I informed her when we got to the 2nd floor, "but I also have an efficiency on the roof where you can stay. That way you'll have your own space, too," I added, leading her up to the roof. 

"Oh My God!" Lisette exclaimed when we turned the corner to the front door and she saw the view. 

"I never get tired of it," I told her, admiring the overlook of the entire old city, as well as the entire 5km length of Maia Praia and the ocean with Alvor and Portimão in the distance. 

"This is so tiny," Lisette said when she saw the 100-square-foot efficiency. 

"It's just so that you'll have your own space," I explained, showing her how everything worked, how the sofa bed opened, where she could put her things. 

"Now we'll go downstairs to the rest of the place. You'll have a set of keys to everything and you should feel as though it's just one big place, just that this is your bedroom. Be wherever you want, whenever you want," I said as I opened the door to my 2-bedroom apartment one floor below. 

"This is so you," Lisette said when she saw the walls covered floor-to-ceiling with bookshelves full of books. "Oh, this is gorgeous," she said when I showed her the bathroom. 

I had remodelled it and it was now a huge walk-in shower/sauna, along with the toilet and bidet. 

"I love it," I agreed, "especially when I use the sauna more in the winter." 

"I love saunas," Lisette said. 

"What do you want to do?" I asked. "Are you tired, hungry? I imagine you'd like to take a shower." 

"What time is it?" she asked, looking at her watch. "It's after 8:00. I do want to eat. What time are the restaurants open until?" 

"We can get served if we sit by 10:00," I informed her. 

"I think I'll take a quick shower, then," she said. 

"Here are a set of keys," I said, handing them to her. "Just tell me if there's anything that you need up there. This is also a sofa bed," I told her, indicating my sofa. "It's very comfortable. Where you sleep is entirely up to you. Same with the bathroom/shower. You're welcome to use either one. The one upstairs is more of a field shower; you get wet, turn the water off and soap up, rinse, turn the water off. If you're very efficient, the hot water will last for the whole shower." 

"I'll try the one upstairs, see what it's like," she said with a laugh. "And I'll try this one and see what it's like, too." 

"So, how was it?" I asked when she showed up 30 minutes later. 

"It was okay," she replied. "Adequate. I'm sure I'll like this one more." 

"I know this is a weird question," I said as we walked into town for some dinner, "but how do you want me to introduce you to people? As my sister or as my life-long friend?" 

"Are you ashamed of me being your sister?" she asked. 

"Not at all," I replied. "But people will react to you differently if you're my sister than they will if you're just a friend. It's up to you." 

"I'll be your life-long friend, then," she said after a moment. 

We went to my favorite restaurant, Alkibir, and had a great meal. Lisette loved the food. Like me, she's always been a food & drink person. She and I are the most alike personality-wise, both emotional, volatile, passionate, individualistic. Neither of us ever really cared what anyone thought about us, we were more concerned with what we thought about ourselves. A bit egotistical, to be sure. 

After dinner Lisette decided that the day had been long and full enough and opted to go back to the apartment and get some sleep. Time enough to play. 

I was at the computer the next morning when Lisette showed up wearing a huge t-shirt that came down to her knees. 

"God, I slept great," she said. "It's so nice to be able to hear the ocean like that." 

"It's definitely special," I agreed, noticing her obviously braless breasts jiggling beneath her t-shirt. "What would you like to do for your first day?" I asked. 

"I want to go to that incredible beach," she replied. 

"Good choice," I told her, smiling. "I like walking it from end to end." 

"How far is it?" she asked. 

"About 5km, 3½ miles, each way," I replied. 

"That's a good walk," she said. "How will we get there?" 

"My scooter," I replied. "Or we can take a taxi. It doesn't matter." 

"I still remember you scaring the shit out of me with your motorcycle," Lisette said, laughing. "I couldn't believe you jumped those railroad tracks. I still have the burn on my leg from the exhaust pipe," she said, showing me. 

"Well, I don't ride like that anymore," I told her. "We'll try the scooter," I suggested. "If you don't like it, we can do something else next time." 

I grabbed a couple of large beach towels and threw them into the luggage carrier on the back of my scooter along with my camera bag that I never left home without and we headed to Maia Praia, the far end where Por do Sol is, the last restaurant before you get to the Alvor inlet. 

"God, this is really beautiful," Lisette said, taking in Lagos in the distance and seeing the wide expanse of pristine beach. 

"It's my favorite beach in the world," I told her as we walked down towards the water to find a place to set up. 

"Topless is allowed?" she asked after noticing several topless women of various ages. 

"There are no nudity laws at all," I told her. "By a sort of understanding, full nudity on this beach is mostly done starting about 100m from here towards and to the inlet. That way people who don't want to see naked people or have their children exposed to them know not to go to that area. The rest of the beach is topless. Portuguese kids go totally nude until they're almost teenagers. For such a Catholic country, they're remarkably relaxed about nudity." 

"I'd never have guessed," Lisette replied. 

"Where do you want to put the towels?" I asked. 

"Where do you usually go?" she asked. 

"I usually go to the full nude beach," I told her, "but I like all of it." 

"Let's go there, then," Lisette said, surprising me. "I want to see what it's like." 

"It's mostly Germans, English, and Dutch, often full families," I explained as we walked down that way. "There are the usual weirdos, but they usually sit up in the first dunes." 

"I see a few people up there," Lisette said, looking towards the dunes. "What's so weird about them?" 

"To me, the fact that they're hiding up in the dunes is weird," I replied. "I can't really say. When I first came here, I didn't really know the rules and I also sat up there. A few times one of the others would come talk to me, but nobody ever said or did anything that made me uncomfortable." 

"Is this a good spot?" Lisette asked after several minutes. 

"Yes," I replied. "Once we're past that wall back there that's the border to the golf course, then it's okay." 

"Do you usually go nude?" she asked as I put the towels down. 

"Usually," I replied, "but it's not necessary. It's just that it's totally acceptable here." 

"It doesn't bother me," Lisette said. "I'm going to, if you don't mind. It's been years since I've been to a nude beach. Is it going to disgust you to see your fat, old sister naked?" she asked. 

"Be my guest," I said. 

"It doesn't bother you, that I'm your sister?" she asked, pulling her t-shirt off over her head to reveal her bikini. 

"Why should it?" I asked, admiring the shape she was in for her age. "Like I said, I see full families here, 3 generations, all nude, kids playing together. Personally, I don't have any nudity issues." 

"Well, what do you think?" she said after quickly shedding her bikini. "Fat old woman." 

"I've seen women half your age that didn't look nearly as good," I retorted, meaning it, taking in her full breasts with fat, hard nipples. They were larger than I remembered them. I was surprised to see that her pussy was shaved smooth and I could make out her clit sticking out from between her pussy lips. 

"Go ahead, your turn," she said, crossing her arms beneath her breasts and looking at me. 

"Better?" I asked after stripping. 

"You shave?" she asked, staring at my cock and balls, which I do keep shaved. "When did you start doing that?" 

"About 8-10 years ago," I replied. "And you?" I asked, pointedly looking at her pussy. 

"God, I've been shaving for 20, 30 years," Lisette said, looking down at herself as she pulled up on the skin of her lower stomach with both hands, resulting in her pussy lips spreading apart slightly, completely revealing her fat clit and the pink interior. 

"This is amazing," Lisette said, on her hands and knees straightening the towel. Standing directly behind her, I could see her pussy gaping open as she leaned forward. 

"It definitely is," I agreed, quickly laying on my stomach on the other towel next to her before she saw the results of my voyeurism. 

"8-10 years ago," she said after a while. "That was when you were living in Holland, wasn't it?" 

"Yes," I replied. 

"I heard you had married a Dutch woman," she said. "Is that why you did it, for her?" 

"Pretty much," I answered, not believing this turn of conversation. "Why did you do it?" 

"Well, at first it's because I didn't want pussy hair sticking out of my bathing suit," Lisette said matter of factly, "so I would trim it. Then once there was this guy who wanted me to shave it all off and I did. I've been shaving it ever since." 

"It's easier for women," I said. 

"I know," Lisette said. "I've shaved a couple of guys. It's not like shaving a pussy with nothing but smooth skin." 

"Totally different," I agreed. 

"Why did she want you to shave?" Lisette asked after a while. "Was it just out of the blue one day?" 

"Not really," I replied. "Do you prefer men that shave their cock and balls?" I asked. 

"If I think about it, yes," Lisette answered. "What about you? Do you prefer a woman who shaves?" 

"Definitely," I replied, wishing I had hesitated a bit instead of blurting out my answer before she had even finished the question. 

"Most guys are like that," Lisette said. "They like to think they're getting some real young stuff." 

"I wouldn't know about other guys' motivations," I replied. 

"Isn't that why you like it shaved?" Lisette asked, turning towards me, her hard nipples pointing at me. 

"I like the erotic look of it," I answered carefully. 

"That's it?" Lisette asked, a look of incredulity on her face. 

"No, it makes it easier to eat," I said, staring at her. 

"That's one of the reasons I like it so much," Lisette said, nonplussed. "Since I started shaving, I can see a tongue in my pussy; before, I couldn't, I could only feel it. It turns me on to see it." 

"Do you have a boyfriend?" I asked, all too aware of my totally hard cock beneath me. 

"No, no boyfriend," Lisette replied. "I've never really had one, just I date different people. What about you? No girlfriend?" 

"No," I replied, "not since I moved here." 

"Do you date?" she asked. 

"Not really," I answered. "This is a young town and there isn't much demand for single men my age. I haven't really met any women in the right age range that interest me or that would be interested in me." 

"So what do you do for sex?" she asked, staring at me. 

"Mostly Rosie Palms," I said, holding up my hand. 

"Yeah, I do that a lot, too, these days," Lisette said, her eyes sad. "You said mostly. What's the rest?" 

"Are you sure we should be having this conversation?" I asked. 

"Why, because I'm your sister?" she asked with a laugh. "We've always been able to talk about anything." 

"Well?" she asked after I was silent for a minute or so. 

"Well, what?" I asked, knowing full well what she meant. 

"What's the rest?" she asked. "I'm not embarrassed," she assured me. "You can ask me anything you want and I'll tell you. I'm not embarrassed or ashamed." 

"I'm not ashamed at all," I said, "but embarrassed I feel a bit when I realize that you're my sister and we're talking about my sex life." 

"Get over it already," Lisette said, laughing. "We're in our 60s. Can there possibly be any embarrassment left at this point?" 

"Sometimes I go out with other couples," I said. 

"By yourself?" Lisette asked. 

"Yes," I replied. 

"Wait, you go out with other couples," Lisette said. "Do you have sex with them? Are you into swinging?" she asked, her eyes wide in astonishment. 

"I guess that pretty much covers it," I replied, feeling my cheeks flush and my cock get even harder beneath me. 

"Oh, my god!" Lisette exclaimed, staring at me with her mouth hanging open. "For some reason I never imagined you doing anything like that," she said. "You always had women all over you." 

"Times change," I said. "You know about swinging?" 

"When did you start...when you were in Holland, when you started shaving, is that when you started swinging?" she asked. 

"Yes," I answered. 

"I've heard about it," Lisette said, nodding, "especially in connection with Holland. I had a few friends who were into it." 

"You've never done anything like that?" I asked. 

"Oh, I've been with 2 guys a couple of times when I was a lot younger," Lisette admitted. "And once, a party I went to turned into an orgy. That was the craziest night of my life." 

"You indulged, you didn't leave when it turned into an orgy?" I asked. 

"I was pretty high that night," she replied. "It was on a ski vacation. Before I knew what was happening, everyone was naked." 

"Did you enjoy it?" I asked. 

"I don't even know," Lisette replied with a laugh. "I woke up the next day with a sore mouth, pussy, and ass. I was covered in dried cum and it took two days to get the taste of cum out of my mouth." 

"Sounds like you enjoyed it," I said. 

"I only have vague memories of it," Lisette said. "It was a long time ago. What got you started?" 

"Oh, we saw a news program one night on the evening news," I explained. "It was all about swinging and the sex clubs of Holland." 

"That's it?" Lisette asked. 

"Well, we talked about the program, about some of the points they brought up," I explained. "We were both totally straight in that way, though we both loved sex. Some of the things that the show brought up made us curious, so we both did research online to learn more about it. Finally, Jolanda suggested that we go to one of the sex clubs, Fun4Two, to see what it was like. I assumed that that was just an excuse for her to buy new outfits, as she was a total clothes freak." 

"You weren't jealous about the idea of some other guy with her?" Lisette asked. 
