 Jennifer sat on one side of the government laboratory -- with wires attached to face, chest, and fingers -- and the research experts sat on the other side.

"Tell me about your darkest fears," Dr. Ledgard said.

Jennifer took the time to gather her thoughts. "Seclusion. Haunted houses. Victorian style homes. Empty rooms. Empty spaces."

The researchers monitored the computers that instantaneously provided analysis from the wires hooked up to Jennifer. They quizzed her about the sources of these anxieties and she gave a quick rundown of all the things that have happened in her youth. 

"Is that what inspired you to write horror novels?" Dr. Ledgard asked. "A way of confronting these fears, perhaps?"

Jennifer nodded. "It's a great way to make a living. And I get a real rush from facing these inner-struggles."

There was a playfulness in her tone. As a lover of science fiction, Jennifer was intrigued by how this all went down. Sure, she always did plenty of research for her books, but being part of a government project was a thrill.

"There's also something else," the doctor said, trying to be as professional as possible for this last point. "This hadn't been asked in any of your pre-screening interviews, because it didn't seem relevant at the time, but last night someone on the team discovered a potential flaw in the system."

"Sure, anything."

Dr. Ledgard gave a hard stare. "Don't feel embarrassed answering this question, but do you have any strong fetishes or deviances which could possibly compromise this experiment? Any impulses or compulsions?"

"I can assure you, I'm as plain as vanilla," Jennifer said bashfully. 

And she was being truthful, too. Outwardly, she was a straight-laced, mostly conservative woman who was known for her impeccable manners and her willingness to organize all sorts of community activities where she lived.

There was, however, one secret fantasy she had. Something dark and taboo. Something she'd never, ever tell anyone for as long as she lived. Something that would ruin her if people knew what she occasionally liked to fantasize about.

Surely, her fascination with hardcore mother/son erotica wouldn't be an issue here. How could it? It was certainly no one's business but her own, so she decided to keep that to herself.

And even though her own son had agreed to help with this experiment, why would that be relevant? She had never fantasized about him before, no matter how desirable she thought he was. She was a good girl when it came to separating her rather kinky fantasies and her real life relationship with her own son.

"My apologies for that question," Dr. Ledgard said. "We can never be too careful. Part of scientific research is to anticipate all scenarios so we can avoid any disasters."

She smiled, "No offense taken. I trust that I'm in good hands."

"Then we'll begin."

Now her heart was pumping. This was safe, surely. The research team had amazing credentials, so she was positive that nothing bad would ever happen to her.

They prepared a small machine, which looked like a rectangular box with a radar attached to it. They brought it close to her, pointing the radar looking part towards her head, then they stepped back to get behind their monitors and computers.

She stared straight into the machine, wide-eyed and enthralled by this. Secretly, her mind reeled from all the sci-fi movies she had watched growing up. She even thought about how this experience could be used for future novels.

"Sit perfectly still," the doctor said. "Don't move a muscle."

As soon as Dr. Ledgard gave the signal, the machine was activated and it made a low, humming sound. Jennifer sat still as the device sent its frequency waves towards her head. 

Dr. Ledgard talked in a soothing motion. "Think of your deepest fears. Think of your deepest fears. Think of your deepest fears."

Her mind drifted and she focused on the causes of her anxiety while the waves were aimed towards her.

Roughly a minute had passed before the doctor gave the order to turn it off. The rest of the team had their eyes locked onto the different monitors to examine whatever neurological changes were happening in Jennifer.

The wires were removed from Jennifer's body and she beamed when the doctor gave her a handshake. They both knew that this would be groundbreaking. But they just didn't realize how.

***

The rules of the experiment were simple:

- Jennifer was expected to live in a secluded home in the forest for 15 days. As a novelist, it was great for writing.

- Her son Zack was a college student and he agreed to stay there with his mom for a small fee. In exchange, he was also expected to provide assistance with the experiment by administering the frequency machine on her.

- The upstairs bedrooms had full privacy. But the downstairs rooms had an array of recording equipment so the doctors could visually monitor everything.

- Under no circumstance could she leave the premises. And she wasn't allowed to make physical contact with anyone either. Food and other necessities would be provided to her.

It was Day 3 of the experiment and already they felt like they were at home. The researchers were generous with their accommodations. The refrigerator and cabinets were filled with fresh food. There were plenty of supplies. And their safety was being monitored as well.

They went to the dining room that afternoon and Zack, doing his new duty, hooked up his mother to a set of wires and pointed the machine at her head.

"Here it comes," he said. "I'll try not to shock you."

She winked. "You better not."

The frequency waves were activated and Jennifer focused on the things which caused her fear. Per the instructions, she thought of it repeatedly.

When it was done, Zack switched the device off. Then he gave a thumbs up to the camera in the dining room, which had recorded this and was also being monitored live by the researchers. 

"Nicely done," Jennifer said. "You know, this is some pretty good job experience for you. You're quite believable as a scientist."

He smiled, "Pushing buttons and hooking up wires is easy. It's getting the degrees and the research work that's hard."

"What's the matter? You don't think you can do it?"

"I still want to work in finances someday."

"Fair enough."

"How's your new book?" Zack asked while unhooking the wires from his mom's body.

Jennifer rubbed her skin as everything was unhooked. "Great. I actually did a ton of writing in my bedroom before I came down here to be shot with rays."

"Nice. Anything good?"

She gave a coy expression. "In my opinion, yeah. Surprise, surprise, but my latest is about a haunted house. Being part of this experiment is the best thing that's happened to me in a long time, inspirationally speaking."

"Nice," he nodded. "Speaking of which, this is your fourth time being radio-waved."

"Radio-waved? Did any of the researchers teach you that word?"

"Nope. I made that up. But how do you feel? Less anxiety?"

Jennifer thought for a moment. "My anxiety feels... I'd say... about the same so far. Honestly, if I were here by myself, I wouldn't be able to sleep. So I'm happy that you've agreed to stay here with me. I'm very grateful."

"Mom, they're paying me generously. Soon I'll be a rich man."

She laughed. "Then you can help me pay the bills when we get back home and return to our normal lives."

"Whoa, whoa, the cost of living is soaring. I'm not that rich."

With the session completed, they both gave a thumbs up to the camera indicating that everything ran smoothly.

***

Later that night. Jennifer was on her computer, typing away in her bedroom. She had customized her work-desk with her personal things; like framed family pictures, jewelry which had been passed down from her mother, along with her many religious items that she always kept by her bed.

While she worked, her son was in his separate bedroom. They had learned early on that the walls were thin and hollow, which meant that they could hear each other. They had joked about it and they both knew that they had to be mindful about their privacy.

In this old house, although Zack had the volume low while watching tv in his room, Jennifer was still able to faintly hear what he was watching. It wasn't a big deal though. In fact, she thought it was kind of amusing. 

When she heard the sound of her son's bed creaking, she thought nothing of it. It was such a routine movement for anyone.

But something piqued her ears. The noise was ever-so-faint but it happened every few seconds. It was a rhythmic noise. She had an idea of what it was, but she didn't want to speculate. 

As she tried to focus on her computer screen, lewd imagines and thoughts suddenly washed over her mind. She couldn't stop thinking about what was happening in the other room. This was most unusual.

It had gotten so bad that her latest novel was the furthest thing on her mind. She stood up. She needed a stretch. She had been sitting for so long. She gently paced her room, trying to rid herself of the noises she had heard and the thoughts that followed. She considered wearing earphones and listening to music.

But she heard the faint creak of the bed once again.

Zack was definitely masturbating next door in his bedroom!

For the first time in her life, Jennifer tiptoed to the wall and put her ear against it to spy. She felt all sorts of tingly sensations. Aroused? No way. She couldn't have been, could she? This wasn't some silly fantasy, this was real life.

As she felt her pussy clenching and her mind consumed with lustful thoughts, she quickly accepted the fact that she was wildly turned-on by her own son!

It's not like anyone would ever know, she thought. Her little secret, just like the rest of her naughty incest fantasies. She slipped her hand beneath her panties as her ear remained pressed against the wall. She fondled her pussy, even as the sound stopped. Had Zack finished already?

She heard the sounds of Zack getting out of bed and walking around. Was he cleaning up his cummy mess already?

Jennifer rubbed herself faster, thinking of Zack wiping away his cum and tossing it in the trash. Such a lewd thought. She fingered herself faster imagining what his now flaccid cock looked like. She imagined his cum, thick and white. She imagined what he looked like while stroking.

Dirty words and thoughts repeated themselves in her mind.

It became a mantra as she rubbed herself: "Don't you want to lick his cum? Don't you want to eat it? Be a perfect suburban mother for him... a cum slut... his cum whore of a mom... his cocksucker..."

The same words as all those dirty online erotica stories she's been obsessed over.

When it was Jennifer's turn to orgasm, she was surprised that it was the best orgasm she had felt in such a long time. She moaned so loud she was almost afraid Zack would hear it.

Most surprising of all, her orgasm was as good as sex. She pulled her hand out of her panties. Her fingers were drenched and her hands were trembling.

All of this, over her son?!

***

The next morning. Zack was in the shower and Jennifer used that opportunity to make a Skype video call with Dr. Ledgard. They had already been in contact over text message that morning.

When their cams connected on the computer, it was their first time seeing each other in days. They made some small talk to start things off. Then it was down to business.

"I'm calling you for a strange reason," Jennifer said with some hesitation. "It's probably not a reason you were ever expecting."

Dr. Ledgard turned serious. "I'm listening. You can tell me anything."

"It'll be quick. Zack's in the shower right now and it's better if he doesn't hear this. I don't want him to know."

"Duly noted."

"But it does relate to him," she said. "The walls are thin and hollow. I heard him faintly last night. He was... pleasuring himself."

Dr. Ledgard gave a nod. "Perfectly normal for a male his age."

"Exactly. He's in the prime of his youth, he's athletic, you get the idea."

"What was the surprise then, if I may ask," Dr. Ledgard questioned.

"I listened. I tried to ignore it. Then my heart raced. It pounded. I had to get up and put my ear against the wall. It felt like a roller coaster, where I felt the anticipation of the ride climbing, then as I listened, it all came down. It was the most intense feeling I've had in years."

Dr. Ledgard stared hard at the screen. "Go on."

"I masturbated. That's what I wanted to say."

"To the sounds of your son pleasuring himself?"

"Yes," she replied.

"This will remain between us, but have you ever fantasized about him before this? Have you ever heard him before, or seen him by accident in a sexual situation? Are these feelings different? Are they new?"

Jennifer cleared her throat. "This is totally new, believe me. I never would have thought that I'd masturbate over him, not in a million years. My mind felt totally consumed, like a compulsion or an addiction. It was the most bizarre thing."

There was a long pause as Dr. Ledgard's eyebrows were arched. The doctor was truly stumped and was in a state of deep thought.

"I'll look into it immediately," Dr. Ledgard said. 

"Do you think it's the frequency waves?"

He paused. "Most likely."

"Do you think this could get dangerous?"

"No. The frequency waves are quite safe. As soon as we make the proper re-calculations in the lab, I will send Zack new instructions on how to change the frequencies. Until then, I would like everything to continue as planned."

"I can do that," she replied. "But I hope you can fix it quickly."

"We'll send the updates as fast as we can. Please be patient with us. I can only imagine how awkward those feelings must have been for you."

"You have no idea."

The video call ended soon after and Jennifer wondered how much more of this she could actually take.

***

By the time they next used the machine, the research team had already sent new instructions to Zack, who was easily able to make the adjustments to the frequency waves.

"I wonder what's going on," Zack said, putting the final touches on the newly updated signals. "I never expected to be this technical with the machine."

Jennifer played coy. "They didn't explain the problem?"

"No. They just said to put these new numbers in. Maybe the machine hadn't been working."

She gave a short grin. "Oh trust me, it's definitely been working."

"Really? What have you been feeling recently?"

"Good, about a lot of things," she replied cryptically. "I've already told Dr. Ledgard about it, which must be why these new signals have been sent. It could be time to mix things up a little."

He double checked the new numbers and everything seemed good to go. All the wires were already hooked to Jennifer's body.

"Ready, mom?"

"Ready."

"And remember, if you get electrocuted or things go haywire, you can blame the research team."

She playfully shrugged. "It's too bad we already signed a bunch of legal waivers, because I might burst into flames."

Zack activated the machine and it made its usual humming sound, along with a few signal bleeps in between. 

It worked just like it normally did. Jennifer sat there like usual. Only this time, as a mother, she prayed that she would never have to make herself cum thinking about her own son ever again (although that orgasm she felt was one for the record books).

The machine made a beeping noise like a microwave.

"All done," he said, switching it off. "Congratulations, you survived my handiwork. I'm glad I didn't screw anything up."

"Does this mean you can finally take these wires off me?"

"It's your reward."

Zack removed the wires attached to her body and they both stood up. By now, using this machine had become normal for them. 

"Want some pudding later?" he asked randomly. "I saw a package in the cupboard. Or would you rather..."

There was a strong gust of wind in the forest and it caused a large tree branch to come crashing down outside of their temporary home. It was loud, but at a safe distance.

Jennifer's face suddenly turned white as a ghost. It was FEAR like she had never felt in her entire life. A crippling fear. She stood frozen with wide-eyes and a dropped jaw.

"Mom?"

"Oh my god," she gasped, still frozen. "Hold me."

Zack rushed to her and held her tight. "What's wrong?"

"The machine... I ... I... I've never felt like this before. Hold me tighter."

With Zack's arms wrapped fully around her, and her face buried in his chest, Jennifer's emotions suddenly did a complete turn.

Those feelings, the ones she tried to put behind her, had all returned. Only this time, it was far more extreme. She immediately knew that Dr. Ledgard's re-calibration of the machine had accidentally turned her into some kind of nympho.

Her pussy was suddenly turning wet and she couldn't think straight. All she wanted to do was... she couldn't stand to even think about it.

"Can I tell you something?" she asked hesitantly, fighting her own urges.

"Of course, anything."

"I came, thinking about you."

"What do you mean?" he asked, trying to console her.

She looked up at him. "I played with my pussy. I did it when I heard you masturbating last night."

The look on Zack's face was unforgettable. She could see how shocked he was, not only by the admission of such a dirty thing, but also her dirty language. She had never used that kind of language around him before.

Seeing his reaction only made her wetter.

"You did?" he asked.

"Are you mad?"

"I don't know."

"I'm serious, Zack."

He suddenly gave a slow smile. "This is a joke, isn't it? Ha, ha. Very funny, mom. Nice timing too, with the new frequency numbers and all."

"I'm not joking," she said, dead serious. "You can feel me if you want. I'm like a river in my panties."

"Seriously?"

She squeezed his cock through his shorts. "Is this serious enough for you?"

"Mom," he gasped. "They're watching. This is on cam."

Jennifer's hands tremble at the thought that the research team was watching this. She tried to fight it, but so far she was losing.

"I don't think I mind them watching. Do you?"

She slipped her hand inside of Zack's shorts and underwear, rubbing his bare cock. It felt soft and healthy sized. The moment her slender fingers touched it, Zack instantly turned hard. When she stroked it, Zack throbbed.

"Ummm... I don't know," he said nervously.

"Then hold me. I'm desperate for human interaction."

Zack held her tight with concern, and Jennifer pressed her face against his chest. She continued stroking him. Zack allowed it. He liked it.

It wasn't until Jennifer's eyes drifted to one of the cameras in the room that she was able to snap out of this trance. She knew she had to end it. But the cock in her hand just felt so good. It felt so natural being there. Her son's cock, of all peoples!

She gave it one last stroke, with her hand trembling, and she pinched the head of Zack's erection before letting go.

"I need a shower," she said, looking in his eyes. "I'm sorry this happened."

"Did the frequency waves do this to you?"

She nodded. "The next session is tomorrow. Hopefully it'll be fixed by then."

Their arms and hands slowly separated as she stepped back. Then she went up the stairs. She needed a shower, but more than anything, she was going to masturbate so hard, imagining Zack inside of her.

A new mantra formed in her mind: "I need his cock inside of me. I need my son's cock inside of me. I need Zack's cum in my pussy."

***

After what had happened, it was easy to get ahold of Dr. Ledgard and they had a private Skype conversation when there was enough privacy.

"Yes, I saw the whole thing," Dr. Ledgard said, in a highly analytical mood. "I was very surprised at that. I was certain we had fixed all the patches."
