 "Can I go home?"

"Yes, but you will need help, twenty-four hour help. Have you got it?"

I hesitated before giving the doctor a firm "Yes."

However when he had left the room I wasn't sure who would be looking after me. An hour later mother arrived.

"Hi Adam, is the pain any better?"

"Hi mum, a bit."

"Did the doctor say how much longer you are going to be in hospital?"

"I asked him."

Mother interrupted me with "When?"

I smiled and said "Let me finish, I can come home now."

She gave me an even bigger smile. I think it's the first I have seen from her since my accident.

A week ago I was working in an old chemical plant when I dropped a hammer. It cracked a pipe and I was drenched in a clear liquid. At first I thought it was water, but then I could feel it burning my hands. To cut a long story short I ended up in hospital. Fortunately my clothes had protected me and it was only my exposed hands that were affected. I was in a lot of pain but thankful it hadn't sprayed onto my face.

"I will speak to the doctor to see what time you can go. It's late now so I guess it will be sometime tomorrow morning."

"Mum?"

"Yes Adam."

"The doctor says I will need looking after."

"I know that."

"All the time, twenty-four hours."

She gave me a look, the same one she used to give me when I was a child and had said something stupid. She then shook her head and said "I know that as well."

"But what about your work?"

She gave a long sigh before saying "It's all sorted out. My boss is letting me have two weeks off work, starting when you get out."

"But my hands are going to take more than two weeks to heal."

"Don't you want to leave the hospital?"

I could tell she was annoyed, then in a calmer voice she said "I had a talk with the doctor yesterday, he thinks it will be another five to six weeks before you get back the full use of your hands."

I was going to interrupt her but she put her hand up to stop me.

"Aunty June will do the two weeks after me, Ava the rest. You know Aunty June has been very good about it. Uncle Bill was going away for three week on business to Singapore, she has made him move it forward a week so that he will be out of the way whilst she looks after you."

That was a shame, I like Uncle Bill, you can have a laugh with him.

When she had finished she fixed me with a stare that said 'This is what we are doing, don't argue with me'.

So that was the plan. I didn't have any other options so I tried to look grateful, but I did manage to mumble "Not my sister Ava."

Mother smiled at that but didn't say anything.

The next day she was at the hospital early, but it was another two hours before I could leave.

"Mrs Jones, did the nurse go over everything with you?"

"Yes doctor. I have his painkillers, and I know about keeping his hands dry when he has a bath or a shower."

"Good, don't forget to make an appointment for next week before you leave."

It was only a thirty minute drive from the hospital to home, but it did give me enough time to think about what mother would now need to do for me, everything the nurses had been doing. Using the toilet was going to be the worst thing. The nurses had been very matter of fact about it, they do it all the time, mother doing it was going to be embarrassing, but I guess I would get used to it. Would it be best if I had a bath rather than a shower? In the hospital it had only been bed baths, a quick wash down with a wet cloth.

"You go into the house and I will bring all your stuff in."

Mother got out of the car, I waited for her to open the door for me. It was only when she had put the key in the front door that she realised I hadn't followed her. When she turned back to look at me I waved my bandaged hands.

I got a quick "Sorry" when she let me out.

I was glad to be back home. I was looking forward to her cooking, I hadn't had a decent meal since my accident. However the most pressing need was the toilet. I could wait a bit longer but it was probably best to do it now, the sooner it became routine the better.

"How about a nice cup of coffee?"

"Yes, but first I need the toilet."

There was an awkward silence for a few seconds before mother looked at me and said "OK."

I gave her a smile, to ease the tension, then I said "I just need a leak."

When we got to the bathroom mother quickly reached for my zip, I guess she wanted it over and done with as soon as possible, but unfortunately it wouldn't move.

"I think it's stuck, something must be trapped in it." 

I could hear the frustration in her voice.

"Try pulling it hard."

"That's what I have been doing. I think I need to look at it to see what is stuck in it."

Before I could reply mother was on her knees staring at my crotch. 

"Stay still, I think I know what the problem is."

It took another minute or so before she managed to free it.

"I hope we don't have all this messing about every time you want a piss."

We both laughed at that. When we had finished I could see mother was now hesitant, the next step was to take my cock out. As her hand went in I closed my eyes, I could now feel her pulling it out. When she had finished I heard her gasp. Opening my eyes I looked down at her, she was staring at my cock. She then muttered something.

"It's so big."

I was shocked, without thinking I blurted out "But wasn't father as big as me?"

In a low voice she just said "No."

I was surprised, I had just assumed I had inherited it from him. I was also surprised when she held it, not tentatively but with a firm grip. It was as if she was feeling the thickness of it. When I had finished she shook it a few times to get the last drops out, then she kept her hand on it. 

"Thanks, I think I am done."

She seemed reluctant to let go of it, but after a few seconds she started to put it back in. When she stood up I could see that her face looked flushed. 

"Thanks, I think it will be less awkward next time."

Mother gave a nervous laugh before saying "I hope so, it's the first one, other than your father's, that I have seen since I was a teenager."

We were just leaving the bathroom when mother stopped and looked at me. I could see she wanted to say something, but she seemed hesitant.

"Adam, I was just wondering." 

"What?"

"How big is it when it's erect?"

I was shocked, and I guess mother could see it on my face.

"Sorry, I should never have asked. I was just curious."

She now looked embarrassed so I tried to make a joke of it, "It's big enough."

That made her smile, then she said "Just wait until Aunty June sees it."

After we had both stopped laughing I looked at her, and with pride in my voice, I said "It's nearly nine inches."

In a low voice she repeated "Nine inches" then she shook her head.

"Adam, another question?"

I was now a bit wary, what did she want to know, the size of my balls? No, it was why had Hannah split up with me two weeks before the accident. She didn't say it but the implication was why would Hannah dump somebody who has a big cock? I just said her new boyfriend was very rich, worth millions. That must have made perfect sense to her because she didn't say anything else. So that was why I now had no girlfriend, and until I recovered there was no prospect of getting another one.

As I sat on the sofa drinking coffee I reflected on what had happened in the bathroom. My mother had now seen, and handled, my cock, she also knew its size. It would be easier next time.

"Is the coffee OK?"

"Yes, thanks. A lot better than the hospital stuff. I just wish I didn't have to drink it through a straw."

"I was thinking, before you go to bed tonight you need a bath."

I sniffed under my arm, "Yes I stink." Mother thought that was very funny. 

I spent the rest of the morning and early evening reading and watching television, but reading was difficult because I had to turn the pages using just the little finger of my right hand. Mother was busy around the house, cleaning and cooking. I needed her help twice to piss and once for a sit down job. It was all done very efficiently, almost impersonal, except that she did seem to hold my cock longer than was strictly necessary. 

Since my accident I hadn't had an erection, I was in too much pain to think about anything sexual. However now that the pain was less my cock was starting to come back to life. The last time mother had held it I had felt it thicken, it had taken all my self-control to stop it growing. In bed tonight I would have to find a way to relieve myself. 

"Bath time."

"Can I just watch the end of this, another ten minutes?" 

Mother laughed, "You were just the same when you were a child. Always wanting more time. OK, I will run the bath and call you when it's ready."

I got almost fifteen minutes before she returned. In her hand she had two small plastic bags and some elastic bands, she held them up to show me.

"Food bags to cover your hands."

When we got into the bathroom mother started to undress me. The first thing off was my loose T-shirt, she had to be careful not to put any pressure on my hands. She was about to unbutton my trousers when she stopped.

"I think I had better change into something more suitable, I am going to get wet."

As she left the bathroom she shouted "Don't move I will be back in a few minutes."

It was more than a few minutes, but the bathroom was nice and warm so I didn't mind waiting.

"Sorry, I was going to wear my swimsuit but I have looked everywhere for it. I bet Aunty June has borrowed it without asking."

I looked at her, she was wearing a dressing gown. She kept it on whilst she undressed me, I was now naked with stupid food bags on my hands. I waved them about to show how ridiculous they looked. She laughed, then she removed her dressing gown. All she had on was her knickers and bra.

"Before you say anything it's the only thing that I could think of wearing."

I tried to avert my eyes as she helped me into the bath. As I sat there waiting for her to wash me I tried not to think about what I had just seen. Mother had married young, I was born a year later when she was nineteen. She was now forty-one, still a young woman, and still attractive.

When she leant over to wash me I took the opportunity to take a good look at her big tits, they were straining against her bra. That was a mistake, I could feel my cock rising.

"Close your eyes, I need to wash your face."

I tried thinking of other things, but it didn't work, it just kept on growing.

"Done, now I need to wash your."

I opened my eyes, mother had stopped, wash cloth in hand. She was now watching my cock reach its full length. We stayed like that for a few seconds before she broke the silence.

In a calm voice she said "Close your eyes again, I am going to wash your hair."

So she was going to ignore it. Whilst she washed my hair I vowed I would find some way to relieve myself later in bed.

"You can open your eyes now."

I would rather have kept them closed, then I could have pretended that I didn't have a dirty great boner in front of my mother. Thankfully she continued to ignore it and within a couple of minutes my feet and legs were washed. 

"Thanks, will you help me out?"

"Not so fast."

She looked at my crotch, and then nodded.

I was horrified, "NO."

She laughed, "Don't worry I will be gentle. You need washing there to keep it clean. You don't want an infection."

"It's clean enough. I have been soaking in the bath."

"Nonsense. I will not take no for an answer."

I sighed, I just hoped she was going to be quick.

"I know what you are worried about."

I was worried about coming, but I didn't want her to mention it.

"It's the wash cloth, it will be too rough."

I nodded vigorously then said "Yes that's it." I had a way out.

She turned away from me and dropped it onto my dirty clothes. I raised my knees, ready for her to help me out. However when I looked at her she now had the soap in her hands. 

Smiling she said "I am just going to use my hands."

She started on the base of my shaft, nice and gentle. I tried not to moan.

In a low, almost seductive voice, she said "You can close your eyes if you want."

When I had closed them her hand went between my legs. Her fingers brushed against my anus and I tensed up.

I heard her giggle then she said "Relax."

Now her fingers were on my balls, she started washing them, then she cupped them. It felt good, too good. When she started rolling them in her hand I knew it was now more than a wash. I was going to say something, but I hesitated. She then stopped, and I was glad I hadn't because that would have been embarrassing for both of us. 

Suddenly I gasped, her hand was now lightly gripping my cock, moving up and down the full length. When I opened my eyes she looked directly at me and then, still holding my gaze, she stroked my cock. She was good, not too tight a grip, slow at first then faster. All the time she was looking at me, watching my face. It didn't take me long to climax.

"Does that feel better?"

"Yes, it was amazing."

She giggled. "Thanks, I am glad I haven't lost my touch. But on a serious note keep this between you and me. I know it's difficult for you not being able to use your hands so I thought I would help you out."

"Thanks, I did need it, and I will never tell anybody about it."

"Good, if you behave I might do it again."

"Wow, I will be on my best behaviour. How about tomorrow night?"

She laughed, then she shook her head. That night, for the first time since my accident, I had a decent night's sleep.

The next morning there was no mention of what had happened the previous evening. However we did talk at length about my father who had died of a sudden heart attack eighteen months ago. We both still missed him dreadfully, but it gave us some comfort talking about the good times we had shared with him.

Just before bedtime I thought I would try my luck.

"I think I need another bath."

Mother stopped reading her book and fixed me with a look that said I was in trouble, but before speaking her face softened, "No, but we will do it tomorrow."

I smiled at her, I now had something to look forward to. I just hoped it would be as good as last time.

Unfortunately it didn't go as planned. The following day I felt really rough, not sure if it was a bug or just a consequence of my injury. I was in no mood to do anything except lounging about watching television, or sleeping. In the evening when I declined mother's offer of a bath she looked disappointed, almost annoyed. The next time I went to the toilet it was done quickly, her hand didn't linger on my cock.

"Are you feeling any better today?"

"Yes, I had a good night's sleep as well."

Mother looked pleased.

I spent the rest of the day waiting, every time I thought about how good mother's hand had been my cock thickened. I tried to think about other things, but eventually I always ended up thinking about her. Going to the toilet was becoming difficult. One time she had her hand on it for longer than usual, and when it started to grow I thought she was going to finish me off. However she quickly pushed it back into my pants and muttered "Later."

The evening news was just ending when I heard mother shout from the kitchen, "Bath time in half an hour."

That put a smile on my face. I shouted back "OK mum, I am ready when you are." Then in a low whisper I said "And my cock is ready now."

This time there was no dressing gown, she had entered the bathroom wearing just knickers and bra. Quickly and efficiently she undressed me. As soon as my cock was free it sprung into life. Mother was mesmerised by it, her eyes widened when it reached its full length.

She giggled then said in a loud voice "It's actually TOO big."

I just smiled, I was busy checking out her tits. Her bra seemed smaller, and tighter, than last time, I could make out her large nipples. 

"Let's get you into the bath."

The washing was quicker than before, it was as if she was in a hurry to get to my cock.

"No need to wash your hair, I will do it next time."

I smiled in anticipation of what was to come next, but surprisingly mother now seemed hesitant to start. 

"Last time you stained my bra, this one is expensive. I am going to take it off."

My eyes were now glued to her tits as I waited for her bra to come off. When they were released she cupped them in her hands, it was as if she was presenting them to me for inspection.

"They are magnificent, especially your big nipples."

She seemed pleased with my compliments.

"Your father couldn't keep his hands off them."

Waving my bandaged hands in the air I said "You are safe with me."

"Yes, but your father loved to suck them as well."

It sounded like an invitation for me to do the same. I waited for her to move her tits to my mouth but instead she started to wash the base of my cock, then very slowly she moved her hand up. She was now stroking it, slowly and gently. Last time she had quickly increased the pace, but today she didn't seem to be in a hurry to finish me off. It felt good, and I was happy for it to continue for as long as possible.

I was now building up to a nice climax. With an expert hand mother was taking me close but then easing off, almost teasing me. She continued doing it like that for several minutes, I was ready to burst.

I couldn't take any more, "Please make me come."

She just shook her head, and then continued as before. After another couple of minutes it was now almost painful.

"Are you ready now?"

"YES."

Mother burst out laughing, but I was getting annoyed.

In a soothing voice she said "Sorry, I will make you come, but I want it on my tits."

I hadn't expected that, but I wasn't going to say no. She then leant over the bath and positioned my cock between her big tits, it stayed there when she removed her hands. I liked the firm feel of her against my cock. It got better when, with both hands, she squeezed her tits together and started to rock backwards and forwards. I was now fucking her tits. It was a different feeling to her hand, but just as good, so I didn't last long. With a loud groan I climaxed. When she had released my cock I looked at her, most of it was on her neck and chin, and there was a lot of it. As she wiped herself I lay back in the bath, completely spent. 

When I awoke next day I desperately needed the toilet, but mother wasn't up yet and I didn't want to disturb her. I was normally careful on how much I had to drink before bedtime, it wasn't fair on her to have to sort me out in the middle of the night, but last night she had to, and now I needed the toilet again. Fortunately it was only half an hour before I heard mother's footsteps outside the door. 

I shouted to her, "I need the toilet."

"Not again", but when she came into the bedroom she was smiling.

"Sorry mum, I know it's hard work for you."

"I think I am used to it now."

When she had sorted me out, toilet and dressing, we went down for breakfast. I think eating was now the worst part of not been able to use my hands, my mother having to feed me, it made me feel like a little child.

"We are going to go out today, you can come shopping with me. You haven't been out since you got back from the hospital. Sitting all day watching television can't be good for you."

I didn't like the idea of shopping but she did have a point about me not going out so I didn't argue with her. We even ate out for lunch. The food was good, and I enjoyed it despite people staring at me as mother fed me. 

For the rest of the day I was back to my normal routine, television and reading. After our evening meal mother joined me, there was a cooking program she wanted to watch. It was of no interest to me but I didn't want to be rude and leave her on her own whilst I went to my room. She was obviously enjoying it, but my mind was on other thing. I had seen her tits, and felt them with my cock. What would it be like to suck those big nipples? When the program ended I was horny, I needed relief.
