 As you read this story, I know some of you will say this cannot be true, it must be fictitious, or at least parts are fiction. I tell you, fortunately, or unfortunately, everything is 100% true, and the only changes I made are the names. I am 47, and my wife is 32. Feel free to contact me if you want some proof. Enjoy, as there is more to cum!

In late February my wife, Alisa, came to me after I returned from shopping and showed me an invitation to a wedding in late May. It was from a woman at her gym with whom she attends daily group fitness classes. I rarely have time to go with her due to my work schedule.

Alisa was very excited to go to the wedding, as we rarely get out much, so I happily agreed. I work overseas quite often, and am away for eight weeks and come home for four weeks. As you might guess, something like that over a long period could strain a relationship. However, we understand the pitfalls and do everything possible to keep our marriage fresh and exciting. The time of the wedding fell near the end of a scheduled rotation for me, but I wasn't hopeful I would make it home in time. My wife was disappointed when I told her I might not make it back in time, but we both agreed she should go anyway and have a good time. A few days later I departed like always, and once I got settled, I called Alisa.

When I am gone, we Skype every day at least once, and this deployment was no different. Each time we Skype, Alisa is usually getting ready for the gym or just getting home. I enjoy this (who wouldn't?) as she is often getting dressed or taking her clothes off. She is 32 years old, always in incredible shape, standing just under 5'2" and weighing between 100-105 lbs. She has long naturally blonde hair that extends to the small of her back, has perky C-cup breasts with silver-dollar areolas and hard nipples which I love. She also has a six-pack and a well-rounded ass from doing squats. As you might imagine, she gets quite a lot of attention everywhere she goes, which doesn't bother me the slightest. After all, I was one of those guys vying for her attention about eight years ago.

Since we live in southern California, and it is usually hot most days, Alisa wears spandex shorts that sit right at her hips and extend at most 1-2" below her crotch. She also wears a variety of sports bras of which many do not pads or pads that can be removed to prevent her nipples from making an appearance, and sometimes are covered by a thin tank top. Alisa usually wears a thin seamless thong, but it does little to prevent her from having a camel-toe. She has an incredible pubic mound that I can cup my hand with and hold on. When Alisa lays flat on her back, you can see her mound from the side above her hips, and it is evident to anyone looking. Her nipples are always hard and often on full display if she removes her tank top, and her bra doesn't have pads.

As the weeks wore on, I began to notice that Alisa was never wearing underwear when getting dressed or coming from the gym, and she was only wearing the bras without pads. I did not say anything, after all, why would I? I very much enjoy seeing her dressed this way in the gym and also like watching other guys check her out and talk about her when they don't believe she or I can hear. For all the attention she gets she is incredibly modest, to the point that when I tell her about guys looking at her and talking about wanting to fuck her, she doesn't believe me.

After being gone for about four weeks, Alisa wanted to show me the dress she had chosen for the wedding while talking on Skype. She left the room, and after a few minutes came back into view and said she would move the camera so I could see all of her. I must admit I had an immediate ping of jealousy when I saw her, along with a hard-on.

Alisa was wearing a bright yellow body-hugging dress with a small floral design near her left hip. It was sleeveless and was not overly low-cut, but her breasts were visible from the side while showing a decent amount of cleavage. It appeared she had no bra on as I could see her nipples making an appearance through the thin material. The dress went to mid-thigh or a little higher, and Alisa's tanned and muscular legs looked amazing sitting upon a pair of black stilettos with ankle straps. When she turned around her hair was covering most of her back, but when she pulled it around her neck, the entire dress was open except for laces holding it together from her neck all the way down just past the small of her back. Below that, the dress was pushed outward by her ass, and there was a small gap in the middle of her lower back as her ass kept the dress away.

Alisa said, "do you like it?"

Of course, I said, "you look incredible, and I hope it will be a warm day as the reception will be outside and with tents."

She said, "they will have outdoor heaters but I will take a shall just in case."

At that point, I told Alisa that I am sorry I cannot make it, and will probably miss it by a day or two.

She said she understood why I could not be there, then looked in the camera and said, "oh well, we could have had so much fun together."

Alisa then unzipped the side of the dress under her arm, and it fell to the floor, leaving her completely nude except for her heels. She ran her hands over her breasts, pulling on her nipples, then slid them down to her pussy, slipping two fingers into her beautiful shaved pussy and moaning. All I could do was jerk-off and tell her I will make it up to her. Alisa then proceeded to lie down on the floor and masturbate, fingering herself while her other hand alternated between her clit and her nipples. While she was moaning, and her pussy was soaked and leaking a river down to her ass, Alisa did one of the things I find irresistible; she put both of her feet behind her head, crossing her ankles. Growing up she did gymnastics and was a martial arts instructor in Russia, so besides doing splits, this came easy.

When she was about to cum, she looked at me and said, "baby, I want to be fucked so badly." That was it for me, as I blew my load all over and she came right then too.

The next four weeks went by pretty much as usual as we would Skype daily before and after my missions. Alisa was working on her tan and as always, had no tan-lines at all from the tanning bed at the gym and our backyard. It looked as if she had also been putting in extra hours at the gym, and keeping a strict eating plan, as she was more muscular and toned than usual, with more definition in her six-pack and her entire upper body, but her ass and thighs looked even more amazing. Alisa said she was attending two classes a day and spending an additional hour after each class lifting or doing cardio.

About a week before the wedding I was informed that I would possibly be able to head home five days earlier than planned, which would mean I could attend the wedding with Alisa. However, I have been doing this for a long time, and you are never home exactly when planned, so I said nothing to Alisa. I didn't want her to get her hopes up and let her down. A few days before heading home, I told Alisa I would be out of communication for three days, which is not uncommon. She pouted a little, wanting to show me how she was all dressed up for the wedding. Alisa said she would take some pictures for me.

Early in the evening on the day of the wedding, I arrived at LAX, probably a few hours after Alisa left the house. As we live about 4 hours away, I got home just after midnight to an empty house, wish I expected. I stashed my bag in the garage, showered, and grabbed a quick bite to eat. I went into our backyard of about 5 acres, which borders hundreds of acres of fruit trees and walked around relaxing. Nobody can see into our yard from the sides or the back unless they are sitting in the fruit trees. When I was nearing the house again, two cars were pulling up out front. I recognized Alisa's car and heard the garage door opening. When I got to the garage window, I could see she wasn't driving. The driver was a guy she had once introduced me to at the gym. His name is Chris, and he is about 6'2", in great shape, and of white, and Latino heritage. While he was opening Alisa's door, the driver of the other car entered the garage. Another friend from her gym, Marcus was a little taller than Chris, black, and also in fantastic shape with a shaved head like me.

They all went into the house, and I noticed Alisa was a little unstable. I was glad that someone was concerned enough to drive her home with another car following behind. I walked around back, and since all the lights were on, I could see in, but they could not see out. Our house has floor-to-ceiling windows in the living room as well as the master bedroom, and both sliding doors were partially open to allow in fresh air. At that point, they were all in the living room talking and laughing, and I probably should have gone in and surprised Alisa, thanked the guys, and taken her to bed and fucked her. But, just as I started toward the door, Alisa turned towards Chris and while laughing hugged him. He was running his hands down her sides, and when she looked up, he gave her a passionate kiss. Alisa did not resist his kiss but was aggressively kissing him back. I still could have headed in and acted none the wiser but decided to see if it went any further.

A few minutes later Chris said, "we should get you to bed so we can get going."

Alisa laughed and said, "I am fine and can see myself to bed."

Chris replied, "I promised the lovely bride to make sure you made it to bed, and I intend to keep that promise."

Alisa giggled, and said, "this isn't necessary," as they all headed towards the bedroom with Chris' arm around Alisa for support. He walked her to the bathroom and closed the door behind her.

I can see into the bathroom as well, as it faces the backyard, and watched Alisa brush her teeth and comb her hair, then pull her dress up around her waist to sit on the toilet. To my moderate surprise, she was not wearing any underwear. When she finished, Alisa took off her heels, pulled her dress up a little higher, and washed her pussy and ass in the shower with the hand-held shower head.

While this was going on, I looked into the bedroom as the two guys were talking and setting up their cell phones in semi-discreet locations pointed at the bed. Alisa finished up, dried herself off, pulled her dress back down, and put her heels back on. She hadn't taken any clothes with her to the bathroom in which to change. Her forgetfulness might have been an oversight, but looking back, I don't believe it was. After checking herself out in the mirror and smiling, she opened the door and headed into the bedroom.

When she got near the bed, Alisa looked at them with her hands on her hips, and said, "you could have at least pulled her blankets down for me. They both quickly apologized and obliged her. Alisa said, "thank you so much for bringing me home, I don't know what I would have done without you." She then hugged Chris and started to kiss him.

When they finally came up for air, Chris told her for the third time, "I promised to make sure you got to bed, and we both would feel awful about breaking that promise."

Alisa looked up at him and said, "I wouldn't want you to break a promise," and they started to kiss again. While they were kissing, Marcus came up behind her, pushed her hair gently aside, and began kissing her neck while running his hands over her back and ass. Alisa turned her head around, smiled at Marcus, and kissed him before turning back to Chris.

Marcus took Alisa's arms and held them over her head, while he untied the back of her dress and unzipped the side under her arm. Alisa had a look of pure lust on her face, and I knew she wanted these guys to fuck her.

Chris began to slowly slide the dress down over her breasts and said, "somebody isn't wearing a bra." He then began squeezing her tits and sucking her nipples while Alisa moaned and squirmed, unable to move away with Marcus still holding her hands above her head. After a few minutes of torturing her nipples, Chris slowly slid her dress down to the floor. He just squatted there in front of Alisa for a minute with a dumbstruck look on his face, finally saying, "I have never seen such a beautiful body."

Alisa told him, "keep exploring," to which he gently began kissing around her pussy, avoiding her clit.

After a short time exploring Alisa's body, during which time her breathing became more ragged, Marcus switched positions with Chris to continue preparing Alisa for what was to come. Before going around to her front, Marcus kissed his way down her back while running his hands over her breasts and stomach. When he got to her ass, he massaged and caressed her ass cheeks before spreading her ass apart and kissing and licking her tiny asshole. If Chris had not been holding her up, Alisa would have collapsed to the floor, as she was shaking with her first orgasm.

When Marcus went in front of Alisa, they kissed passionately, before he went down and wrapped his arms around her legs. At the same time, Chris cradled her torso, and they both lifted her high in the air.

Alisa just let her head fall back, her long hair looking beautiful, and an expression of pure ecstasy. She moaned, "please fuck me; please fuck me now."

They laid Alisa down on the bed and stood in front of her while they undressed. Alisa spread her legs and bent her knees, playing with her breasts and pussy. She looked incredible with her heels still on, wanting so badly to have these two men fuck her in our bed. I was very hard, and a little jealous, but for some reason not upset. I just wished I was in there with them, but I did not want to alter what was about to happen.

When they were ready to take their pants off, Marcus told Alisa to, "get on your knees and pull our pants down." Alisa did as she was told and knelt in between them on a sheepskin rug. Then, biting her lip, she pulled down their pants.

At first, Alisa didn't move; she just sat there looking dumbfounded. Then, a big smile slowly crept across her face, and her hands found their way to their cocks. She just kept stroking them up and down, alternately kissing the heads, and muttering, "I can't believe this."

No wonder, as her hands didn't go entirely around either one, and they both appeared to be between 9 and 11 inches long, and circumcised, with matching sized balls. They were both wholly shaved which Alisa loves. At that point, Alisa started sucking their cocks like she was never going to suck another, or that she had never truly sucked a cock before, licking and kissing their shafts, licking and sucking their balls, and taking as much of their cocks in her mouth as she could. I was astonished that she was trying to deep-throat them, with only about an inch or two left showing. Alisa gives fantastic head, and both of the guys were quickly going towards the edge, so they had her stop.

Alisa looked upset and said, "no."

Chris said, "don't worry, you are a long way from done."

Her smile returned, as both guys laid down on our bed, with their hands behind their heads. Alisa didn't need any instruction, as she climbed between Chris' legs and picked up where she left off. She was sucking and licking his balls when he reached down, lifted up his balls, and pushed Alisa's head lower. Alisa was licking and kissing under Chris' balls, but he had something else in mind. He lifted his legs so Alisa could rim his asshole. She didn't hesitate, kissing, licking, and sucking his asshole, while trying to push her entire tongue inside it. While she was doing this, Alisa climbed over Chris' leg so she could rub her pussy against him.

After some minutes alternating between sucking Chris' cock and licking his asshole, Marcus gently tugged on her arm and coaxed her over to him, where she began relishing the same amount of attention on him.

Alisa was grinding against Marcus' leg now, and finally pulled her mouth off his cock to say, "please fuck me, I want you both to fuck me now."

Marcus sat up, kissed Alisa, and gently laid her on her back between the two of them. He kept kissing her while shifting off to her side as Chris slid up between her legs, pushing her knees up and apart. Marcus stopped kissing Alisa and offered his cock to her. Alisa looked down, watching Chris start kissing and licking her pussy, when she just started shaking, arching her back and groaning loudly. Her second of many orgasms. She has typically only one orgasm, or two at most, with me. So, watching her cum with the slightest touch from these guys stung a little, but I was still rock hard at the same time.

Chris kissed his way up from her pussy, kneading and sucking her breasts. He sat up between her legs, with his long cock laying on her pussy, and over her stomach past her belly button, and said, "is this what you want?"

Alisa took Marcus' cock out of her mouth, looked down while breathing raggedly, shook her head up and down, and barely got out the words, "yes, please fuck me, please."

It was then that Chris moved his hips back, keeping his cock in contact with her, and rubbed his head up and down her pussy, which was soaking wet from her orgasm. After a few more teasing strokes, he put his head at her opening and gently pushed forward. Alisa took Marcus' cock out of her mouth and gasped, looking down and wanting to see Chris enter her. When Chris pushed forward about four inches, Alisa arched her back, closed her eyes, and shook to another orgasm. She has always told me she prefers orgasms from fucking over clitoral stimulation. Chris remained still until Alisa's orgasm subsided, then pulled back and pushed in farther, and farther, with each stroke.

I couldn't believe it when Chris said, "look, baby, it is all the way in."

Alisa was gasping and beside herself, and said, "please keep going, don't stop." When he pulled back and slowly entered her all the way, Alisa took the cock out of her mouth and said, "fuck me, please fuck me harder."

Chris smiled at Marcus, grabbed Alisa's thighs behind the knee and pushed her legs up and open towards the sides of her chest, and started building up speed, entering Alisa harder and harder. Alisa could no longer suck Marcus' cock as she was looking down and screaming as Chris was keeping a long and fast pace.

After a few minutes, Alisa screamed, "oh my god, I am cumming again." She pushed her feet down on the bed, arched her ass into the air, and while she was shaking uncontrollably, Chris gave her a few hard strokes then pulled out. As he did, Alisa squirted on his chest and eventually fell to her back, gasping for air.

They all took a minute to have a quick drink, while Alisa told them that had never happened before. They both said it happens quite often with them, and they guess it is because of how big their cocks are.

After their short break, the guys were all over her again, and this time Marcus put Alisa on her hands and knees, and positioning himself behind her, pushed his way inside. Alisa gasped then gave a guttural scream as Marcus pushed in as far as he could. There were a few inches remaining and he said, "after I fuck you a few more times you will take my whole cock. Is that what you want?"

Alisa screamed, "yes, I want all of you in me."

Chris then leaned back in front of Alisa, and she took his cock in her mouth while Marcus began a long steady pace that slowly increased. After a few minutes Alisa began to shake and scream as another orgasm (I lost count) washed over her. Her legs were shaking and started to give out, but Marcus raised her up by the hips and kept up his pace and depth. He pulled out rapidly, and Alisa squirted for the second time. I was mesmerized and jealous that I cannot make her feel the same way.

Marcus allowed Alisa to collapse face down on the bed, but she never let go of Chris' cock. They all took another break to have a drink, and Marcus said, "why don't we do a few shots?"
