 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

Summary: A teacher's lez side is awakened by a hot teen. All characters in sexual situations are 18 years of age or older.

Note 1: This is a Nude Day 2019 Contest story.

Note 2: 

This story was inspired by this caption photo by @Mistressr3:

At the top was the following text:

Ever since that young brat Sarah cornered you at school, she has been sending you the naughtiest snaps. Demanding you submit to her. You've been deleting them all week thinking you should just delete snap completely. Then you received this one. The one that broke you.

Then a picture of a girl's hand under a private school skirt with a look of moaning.

Caption: Your daughter is a lot better than you at following orders, Mrs. Walker. See you soon!

Note 3: Thanks to Text Beethoven and Robert for editing this story.



The opportunity was too good not to take.

A job teaching high school English at a private girl's school... the most elite one in the U.S. One attended primarily by daughters of the rich and famous.

I had a little trepidation since I'd be moving my daughter Zoe, in her senior year, to a different country: from Canada to the States. She'd be leaving her friends, her grandmother whom she adored, and a school where she was comfortable, if mostly a wallflower.

There was also my worry that she may not fit in with these rich and famous kids... after all, being a teacher, I was definitely neither rich nor famous.

Yet she got a full ride with my employment, a chance to leave a town of eight hundred to be near a city of three million, although the school itself was in the middle of nowhere, and many students graduating from the school went on to bigger and better things... even the famous Governor Greene, who'd be running for President in 2020 had graduated from there.

The good news was that this was only a senior year school, so Zoe wouldn't be stuck trying to insert herself into an already established hierarchy.

So the opportunities for my academically strong daughter outweighed that she was moving to a new country and entering a new school in her senior year.

Like in every high school, it became pretty clear a few days into the school year a pecking order was being established... and a Queen Bee was already planting her flag.

Sarah.

The daughter of a very rich defense lawyer, and it was clear she'd learned a lot from him.

She loved to argue.

She loved to play devil's advocate.

She loved to be in charge.

We had school uniforms at this all girls' school, and Sarah found ways to... not to break the rules exactly, but definitely to expand on them... and then other girls began following her lead.

For example, the uniform was pretty simple: blouse, skirt and socks... but a couple days into the semester, she began wearing thigh high stockings instead.



A day later so were a couple of other girls, and almost every day after that, another girl was beginning to wear them.

It was weird.

I like thigh high stockings and had worn them lots for the asshole, but I hadn't once set foot in them since my divorce. (I'd been the one that sued for it, on the grounds that he'd been consistently tyrannical and verbally abusive, making life a living hell for both Zoe and myself.) I'd returned to wearing pantyhose which were less comfortable truthfully, but more school appropriate.

Young people didn't wear nylons. So Sarah's fashion statement was quite a surprise to me. I mean, where were they even getting the stockings? The closest store that would have such attire was over an hour away, and the girls hadn't yet had a chance to leave campus. That was coming the following day... a day that I didn't yet know would initiate my downfall: our first field trip.

We went into the city, all forty-eight of us including four teachers, and we gave the girls three hours to shop and have dinner after a group trip to the museum. I was happy to see my daughter traipsing off with a group of friends, and after going and buying some necessities for myself, I headed to the café where we were supposed to meet at five o'clock... arriving fifteen minutes early.

I walked in to get a coffee, I desperately needed some caffeine, when I was shocked by what I witnessed.

Sarah was having coffee with Amber, her number two in command, while they watched four girls, including my daughter, all dressed inappropriately, kissing and caressing Zhin.



I stammered, "Wh-wh-what is going on here?"

The girls halted the show they seemed to be putting on for Sarah and Amber, and all four looked instantly mortified... my daughter turning white.

"They're just getting to know each other better," Sarah explained, not at all fazed by my outburst... which didn't surprise me at all. This girl clearly had no shame.

"Well, that is quite enough," I said firmly in my perturbed teacher voice.

"So sorry, Ms. Walker," Zhin and Asuka apologised sheepishly, neither of them making eye contact with me.

In contrast, "We were just playing around," Kioko justified forthrightly, surprising me by talking back. She was always very quiet and shy in the classroom.

"Yeah, Mom," my daughter added, also surprising me, "We were just killing time."

"That isn't a way a lady acts," I said, going from shocked to angry at my daughter's defiance.

"Not an old lady anyway," Sarah quipped, a big smirk on her face.

"You stay out of this," I said sternly.

She shrugged, "Whatever you say," although her tone dripped with condescension.

I shook my head and decided I needed to get away from this, so I headed to the washroom.

I went pee and replayed what I'd just witnessed. In truth, it was inconsequential. Harmless kissing. No groping or anything... although they were all wearing pretty inappropriate attire, especially for a private school. The headmistress Madam Monroe would not be amused if she saw the girls dressed that way.

In truth, I'd kissed quite a few girls in my college days and have had a good number of lesbian experiences throughout my life... although I've lived out only about one percent of the fantasies I've written about over the past seven years in over 400 stories.

In case you didn't know this, I'm a teacher by day and an erotica writer at night (well sometimes also in the morning while I run on the treadmill, in the morning on my iPad while my students are working, at lunch on occasion on my laptop in my classroom, in the afternoon when I have some free time and many other free moments (even on my phone while waiting at a doctor's office or in the checkout line at the grocery store).

All my stories are about a wide variety of my fantasies and they can be read on Literotica. My main themes include my favourite fantasies:

1. Being seduced and turned into a submissive pet by a student or students (usually female) in many stories including my lengthy Catching Mommy series, where a couple of strong-willed teen mistresses fight over each other's mothers, or the lengthy story Debutante MILF Lesbian Submissive).



2. Being taken and turned into a two- or even three-hole fuck slut for one or more BBC's (my White Slut series is an example, including my ultimate fantasy of sorts in 40th Birthday).



3. Being hypnotized by a teen's feet in nylons and my inner submissive being drawn out (although I've only written one of this type: last year's Hypnotic Hosiery: A Professor Falls).



4. Although I've written a lot of incest stories, over half of them mom and son, the truth is that the only incestuous relationship I seriously fantasize about is with my two older sisters (I've written a couple of stories about that fantasy, including Three Sisters: A Crazy Lesbian Orgy).



5. Although I can't fathom ever getting the chance to do it, the idea of pegging someone is incredibly stimulating... the role reversal... the power of being in control. I've written a few pegging stories, including the award-winning series Kinky Tales, where the two first parts both won awards by telling the story (of a couple's first time pegging) from each spouse's viewpoint.



I also enjoy the ideas of gangbangs, of turning straight men gay, and of using illustrations to bring some of my stories to life.

I'm getting off topic, but just letting you know a bit about me, and how in my current situation I found myself in over my head and with my panties suddenly wet.

I stayed in the washroom way longer than usual (almost as long as my ex-husband, who thought the throne was his kingdom) and by the time I returned, the majority of the group was back, as were the other teachers.

The trip back to the campus was uneventful, and no one else seemed fazed by some of the girls' rather provocative attire, so I didn't push it. I mean girls were just being girls. No harm, no foul.

It wasn't until I was in my room, working on a new Turning Contest story, that my brain replayed the moment.

As always, I was horny from my writing (yes, my writing turns me on... although I usually avoid touching myself while I write, since after I orgasm, I tend to be done for a while) when Sarah popped into my head.

Sarah... red hair, green eyes, wore nylons and was ultra confident... she was in essence the teen seductress I'd written about in many of my stories... except that she was now very real, and a temptation unlike any I'd ever had to face before.

Sure, I'd had crushes on students I taught, but the temptation never came to anything more than to sometimes inspire a story I wrote. Sometimes it was a cheerleader, sometimes a shy nerd who I imagined might have a devious side hiding inside her, sometimes a girl of colour (black, Asian, Hispanic or Indian: they'd all intrigued me at one time or another) or sometimes even a complete bitch. I was drawn to a lot of types.

But Sarah was the ripe apple that would have tempted Eve not to give a fig about Adam at all so the two girls could run off together. (Which would have been an interesting pre-emptive solution to the modern world's population explosion.)

Sarah was pure perfection.

And that was why as I was writing about an older woman seducing a younger one, I stopped.

Saved it.

Opened up another story I was working on for the 2019 Summer Contest story, about a real person I've been chatting with on Twitter and making one of her fantasies come to life. The story was about a beautiful teen seductress gradually seducing three, perhaps even four generations of a family (inspired by an earlier Lesbian MILF Seductress story subtitled Bride, which had partly inspired her own journey to become a young Mistress).

I re-read what I'd written and imagined the main character no longer to be named Raygan, but rather Sarah.

Before long my fingers were teasing my pussy... then I was reaching for my vibrator... then I was closing my eyes and fucking myself, imagining Sarah detecting the inner submissive I so carefully hide away from everyone, and just taking me right there in that café.

Pushing me against some lockers in the employee area... thankfully away from the eyes of my daughter and the other students.

Kissing me.



Pushing her leg between mine, and having me hump it like a bitch in heat.

And in no time I was coming... an orgasm as intense as any I'd had in a long, long time.

As I sat there, my cum gushing out of me when I pulled the vibrator out and switched it off, all I could think about was how I had to hide these inner demons... how I had to resist the temptation that I already could tell would be a yearlong struggle. As somehow, perhaps from my years of writing about seductive young women, I knew Sarah was a seductress, and if she didn't already suspect the natural submissive hiding behind my teacher's façade, it was only a matter of time before she teased it out... and then she'd be relentless... just like many of my teen seductresses, particularly Bree (from the many Lesbian MILF Seductress stories).

.....

I kind of expected a teacher to comment on yesterday's field trip, but no one did, and the school year continued on.

The only noticeable change was that Zoe began wearing pantyhose with her school outfit. This wasn't that big a deal in theory, as at least seven or eight girls were now wearing thigh high stockings every day, which was definitely in conflict with the school uniform, yet no one seemed to call the girls on it, so I sure wouldn't.

It was during my preparation period when I received a strange text. It was a picture of just a pair of nylon-clad feet.



Weird.

The phone number wasn't one I recognized.

I do have a nylon foot fetish, but no one knew that.

Other than my many fans... none of whom knew my everyday identity.

Sure, my ex knew about it (he was the one who'd started it), my sisters knew (we told each other everything... well, except that I wrote erotica and I wanted to eat both of their pussies), and a couple of friends... but no one here... not even my daughter. (I mean, who shares their sexual fetishes with their child?)

I looked at the very cute, perfectly manicured toes in the sheer hosiery and felt a tingle in my pussy. It being my preparation period I was alone, and I was considering touching myself when Chloe, a colleague of mine, came in and asked me a question.

I set my phone down, a little flustered, and addressed her question.

I forgot about the legs pic for the rest of the day until I was having dinner, replying to fan mail about my most recent story (I'd fallen behind and had over fifty emails I hadn't responded to) when I received a photo much more shocking than the first one, with an equally shocking text:



I stared at the picture of a girl's legs in nylons.

I stared at the feet that were undoubtedly the same ones as before.

I stared at the ripe pussy that had my mouth watering.

As I examined the photo, I realized it had been taken in the computer lab.

Here at the school.

This was a student.

Or perhaps a teacher, but far more likely to be a student.

What truth did she think she knew about me?

My nylon fetish?

My secret lust for teen girls?

My secret life as an author?

How would she know any of these things?

She couldn't.

Yet the words were ominous.

I know the truth Ms. Walker. 

What truth? I kept repeating to myself.

Who sent this?

Was she the girl in the photo?

Unlikely.

Fuck!

My entire world could come tumbling down if the truth this girl knew was my secret identity.

Fuck!

No, would come crumbling down.

Fuck!!

I considered texting back, but I didn't want to give this girl any satisfaction that she was affecting me.

I examined the photo again, looking for clues about who she was.

Also, I can't deny, I couldn't help lingering over her inviting, enticing pussy and her sweet nylon-clad legs and feet.

I was feeling crazy mixed emotions: fuck, did I want to eat that pussy and suck on those toes; and fuck, did I need to know who this girl was and which of my secrets she knew.

I was horny and stressed... an oxymoronic mix.

As I pondered this... my pussy on fire... my mouth watering... my head spinning... another text arrived.

It seemed to be the answer to my earlier question... or at least to one of my questions.



How did this person know I was secretly a lustful lesbian who would eagerly eat a teen's pussy when given a safe opportunity?

Who was sending me these?

Was this the same girl again in the photo? If so, she'd revealed some more of her body, as her large breasts were perfectly showcased by the sexy bra... her nipples just peeking around it.

As I examined the girl on her knees, I realized I knew who she was.

Ms. Burns.

The chemistry teacher.

How?

When?

Wow!

She was the quietest teacher in the school.

Not someone you'd ever guess would be on her knees lapping on a teen cunt.

Yet there she was.

Wow!

I studied the photo for a long time.

Ms. Burns.

The teen.

The caption indicating that someone knew I was a secret submissive lesbian wannabe.

Surreal.

Of course, my pussy was on fire. I moved my hand to my fevered twat and began rubbing as I continued staring at the photo.

Imagining that was me on my knees licking that teen cunt.

Imagining it was me cupping those big tits I wished I had access to.

Imagining it was me being told what to do by a student... perhaps in front of an entire class... perhaps even in front of my daughter.

Again my orgasm hit me quick.

Again my orgasm hit me hard.

Again I was a muddled mess as I recovered from an orgasm fueled by a dangerous fantasy that could end my career.

I shook my head after recovering from the fluid-flooding orgasm and cursed myself for my weakness... just like so many of my characters in so many of my stories did after their giving in to their lust and temptation.

I took a shower and changed.

I noticed I had another message on my phone when I returned, and a chill went up my spine, knowing this would be another picture.

Having the benefit of a clear mind after my orgasm, I knew I had to figure out who this was... what she really knew, and what her end game was likely to be.

If she was like many of my teen seductress characters, this would be a ploy to make me submit unconditionally to her. A ploy the fictional me could happily succumb to, but a ploy the real me had to resist at all costs for the sakes of my career and my daughter.

I reluctantly opened the text from the same unknown number and examined the new photo.



How could this person possibly know I'd just had an orgasm?

Was she just assuming?

Was there a camera in my room?
