 AN OFFER

TO GOOD TO REFUSE

Mike Speaks rose from the chair stiffly. Silently he picked up the small envelope sitting on the bankers' desk and walked out the office. His mind swirled over the last forty-five minutes of his life. How had things gotten this far, what had gone wrong. Hard working, middle class America was crumbling, and he was right in the middle of the downhill slide.

Mike's wife had passed away almost two years prior from ovarian cancer. The journey had been over a year long, and almost tore his fragile family apart. His daughter Lexi had been the one pillar that had stood by him through every doctor visit, every run to the emergency room. From the age of fourteen to sixteen, Lexi had spent more time in hospitals and clinics, than she had with her friends.

Now, at eighteen, she had graduated from high school, and was preparing for college. College, Mike thought, how in the hell was he ever going to afford that? Two years without Gail his wife, had not only shredded his heart, it had shredded their finances. The loss of his wife's income had slowly drifted the family finances down the drain.

Three months behind on the mortgage, and barely making the utility bills, Mike had been forced to try and talk to the bank about refinancing. His worst nightmare had come true when the loan officer had told him that his credit just wasn't enough to swing things.

Through all the maze of paperwork, and meetings, Mike had tried in vain to see what the bank could do. Facing foreclosure and the loss of his home had made him desperate. It was that desperation that had put him in front of the bank president's desk.

Paul Binton III, the plaque said on the man's desk. He had inherited his fortune from his father, and built a small credit business into a thriving business with five branches. A man driven to achieve what he wanted, and he was not a man to take no for an answer.

Yet, even for men like Paul Binton III; there were things of desire that were always just out of reach. When Mike Speaks appeared at his desk, he saw a door open, and he took it. He knew the Speaks family, after all Gail Speaks had been one of his better loan officers. He also had met the family...all of them.

His proposal to Mike had been clear, concise, and without reservation. To prove his point, he had slid an envelope across the desk to Mike. Give the man time to think, to dream; and see what he would do.

Arriving at home, Mike stepped into the kitchen and watched as Lexi prepared dinner.

"Hey dad" the young brunette called, seeing her dad come home. "How did it go at the bank?"

"Different" Mike answered softly. He slid into the chair at the kitchen table, his eyes traveling over his daughter. For the first time, seeing her as another male would, not as her father. As she moved at the stove, stirring the spaghetti, he watched the firm cheeks of her ass sway in her tight jean shorts. Her slender legs were tanned and toned from four years of high school athletics.

As she turned to spoon the food into a bowel, Mike caught the profile view of her breasts through her tank top. Soft and curving, they defined her as a full grown woman. They were capped by nipples that poked just slightly against the fabric holding them in. He felt a rush of sudden blood start to fill his cock as his eyes drank her in.

Fuck, he thought. It's been too damn long for you Mike Speaks, his mind reeled.

"Different?" Lexi asked. She brought the bowel of spaghetti over and sat it on the table. The wobble of her breasts caught Mike's watching eyes. 

"Yeah" he said, as Lexi slid into a chair beside him. "First, might as well say, the bank said no."

Lexi stopped as she reached for the fork by her plate. She reached out and took her fathers' hand in hers. Her eyes filled with worry and love.

"So what now dad?" she asked. "Time to move and give up the house?" she stared into his eyes.

"Well" Mike hesitated. "The bank said no. Paul Binton had a personal offer."

"Binton?" Lexi asked. "Kyle Benton's dad?"

"Yeah" Mike squeezed his daughters hand gently. "He owns the bank...and four others."

"What could they want from us?" Lexi asked in surprise. "They've got enough money to buy half the state. Did he offer to buy the house?"

"No, not the house" Mike replied. He looked up and stared into his daughters eyes. "He wants to buy us."

Lexi sat silent for a few second, and then blinked. "Us?" she asked.

Mike sighed. He wasn't quite sure how to put into words the offer Paul Binton had made. He figured he might as well just spit it all out.

"He wants to hire us, you and me, for a weekend. At his estate...privately." He told his daughter.

"Keep going" Lexi said quietly.

"He wants us to go to his estate on a Friday evening, stay until Sunday evening. For forty-eight hours, we do as he says, follow his every request. When we leave, he pays us." Mike rushed out.

Lexi sat silent again for a moment, her hand still covering her fathers. "Should I ask for what?" she asked softly.

Mike swallowed hard, and then looked down at the table. "Are you a virgin?" his voice came back.

Lexi started to retort that it was none of her fathers' business, she was eighteen now. She saw the agony on her father's face, and realized this was deadly serious now.

"No, I'm not" she answered matter of fact. "If he wants to fuck me, the price is going to be damn high too."

Her father looked up wide eyed. "That's just it baby" he told her. "He didn't say what he wanted. He was quite clear there would be a fair amount of sex involved, but he wasn't specific."

Lexi stared at her father for a second. "Is he pulling some kind of sick joke dad?" she asked.

Mike pulled the envelope out of his pocket and set it on the kitchen table. Slowly, Lexi opened and pulled out the check inside. It had been made out to her father, with today's date, but had no signature.

"Holy shit!" Lexi exhaled. "Dad, this is for one million dollars."

"He said he would sign it as we walk out the door Sunday night." Mike replied.

"Oh My God" Lexi leaned back in her chair. "Is he fucking serious."

"I think he is" Mike told her. "Watch your language young lady."

Lexi could only laugh at her father. "Look dad, a guy just offered us a million bucks to fuck me, I don't think my language is an issue." She sighed heavily. "Damn, I would shag Quasimodo for that kind of cash."

"Honey." Mike started. "We can move we don't have to..."

Lexi leaned forward and silenced him by gripping his hand again. "Tell him yes dad" she said tersely. 

Mike sat stunned at his daughters' reaction. That she would agree was something he had not expected. He could tell by the stern look in her eyes there was no changing her mind, she was so much like her mother, Mike thought.

Mike sent an email to the prescribed address later that evening, agreeing to the proposal. It wasn't more than ten minutes later he got his response. He slowly read it over and showed it to Lexi.

That Friday morning, a package would arrive for Lexi. At four pm she was to dress with what was sent, and not look before. At five pm a car would arrive to pick her up. At seven pm Mike was to head out and drive to the Binton residence.

When the package arrived as scheduled, both were tempted, but followed the instructions. A million dollars was too much to risk on a quick peek to satisfy curiosity. At four Lexi opened the package. Inside she found an outfit to put a porn star to shame. It contained a light blue see through baby doll nightgown along with matching blue stockings. A Pair of crotches lace blue panties to match the set.

After dressing, the young woman gazed at herself in the mirror. She could clearly see her nipples and dark areoles through the thin material. While the dark strip of her pubic hair was a stark reminder of just how exposed her body was. At least he had good taste in lingerie she thought.

Lexi thought about telling her father about the outfit, but decided he had enough on his mind right now. She threw on her coat and stepped out the front door, seeing a tall man open the rear door of a dark SUV waiting in their driveway. Here we go, she thought.

For Mike, he had been given no specific wardrobe instructions, so he kept to the jeans and flannel shirt that marked him as middle class. All through the drive to the Binton estate, his mind swirled through thoughts of what he and Lexi were doing. He knew this was also her choice, but felt the burden of responsibility falling on his shoulders. He was her father and he was supposed to provide for her.

When he arrived at the large estate, he was ushered in the front doors by a tall man in a butler's uniform. He was given a slim envelope, then left standing in the foyer. He opened the envelope and read to himself.

'From this point on, for the next forty-eight hours, you will do everything you are told. You are a tool, for my pleasure, and nothing more; remember that. Take off your shirt and leave it at the doorway. Go up the spiral staircase, and enter the first door on the right. Say nothing. Do NOT speak the entire time.'

Mike removed his shirt and hung it on a hook by the front door, tucking the envelope in the pocket. Slowly he climbed the stairs and stood in front of the door requested. Turning the handle, he stepped into a dimly lit room. He stopped for a moment to give his eyes a chance to adjust, and then almost gasped at the sight before him.

There, lying on a bed was Lexi, but it wasn't Lexi. The young woman lay spread on her back, sloth bindings around both wrists, stretching her arms above her head. Her full breasts were standing proud in the sheer baby doll she wore. Mike could see her hard nipples standing out against the thin material.

His eyes traveled down his daughter, seeing the same bindings at her ankles holding her legs straight out and spread to the two lower corners of the bed. The position was opening her thighs to his clear view. Without a will of his own, his eyes locked to between her spread legs, seeing the glisten of her womanhood even in the pale light.

Mike opened his mouth to say stop, they couldn't go through with it, but the thought of a million dollars closed his mouth. Then, in the silence he heard a soft whimper.

"Please" Lexi cried softly. "Oh God, don't stop...please"

A dark form came behind Mike. "You should help your daughter Mr. Speaks...she needs you." A voice whispered. It was Binton, he knew that voice.

"Please...more" Lexi whimpered.

"She tastes delicious" Binton whispered in his ear. "Why don't you go find out...now?"

As if in a trance, Mike approached the bed. The closer he got, the stronger he smelled a musky scent. As he crawled onto the mattress between his daughters spread thighs, he saw the large stain on the sheets. The smell of her sex filled his nostrils, sending a rush of blood to his cock trapped in his jeans.

Mike looked back, and saw Binton, standing watching. Lowering his head, he slowly drew his tongue the length of his daughters soaked lips. The taste of her juices quickly filling his mouth.

"Fuuckkkkkkkk" Lexi screamed as she arched her hips up to meet his mouth.

"Yessssss" she cried out, tugging at her bonds. "Eat me, whoever you are...oh God eat ME!"

Mike glanced up, and saw the black cloth wrapped across his daughters face. Not only was she bound, she was also blindfolded, she couldn't see who was giving her pleasure. Driven by the smell of her, and two long years of not having sex, Mike drove his tongue between her swollen lips. The fact she couldn't see it was him drove him further.

'I'm eating my daughter' his mind screamed. 'I'm sucking her soaking wet cunt'.

"Oh God so good" Lexi moaned. Bucking her hips up each time her father drove his tongue into her. Her body in a frenzied heat she wanted this stranger to devour her.

"My clit...oh God my clit...please" Lexi begged.

Mike looked back at Paul Binton, who silently nodded. Opening his mouth, he drew the hard nub inside. He decided if he was going to hell for this man's perversions, he was going to enjoy the ride. His teeth nipped at her throbbing clit, sending a bolt through his daughters' belly.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh" Lexi moaned. "Shit you're goooddddddddd"

As he sucked her pulsing clit, Mike's mind started to snap. Sliding one hand up his daughters juice slick thighs, he unceremoniously rammed two thick fingers up her pulsing pussy.

"Arrrrghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" Lexi wailed at the invasion. Her juices gushed out and coated the fingers probing inside her.

Mike curled his fingers, until the tips brushed across that rough spot at the top of her tight canal. As his fingers hit her G spot, Lexi felt the bomb go off behind her covered eyes.

"Cummminnngggggggggggggggg" she screamed. Her body convulsing against the bonds that held her tight. Not able to touch or see the person drove her over the edge like a freight train.

Mike wiggled his fingers as he felt his daughters' hot cream gush out and into his mouth. He swallowed her sweet nectar, savoring her youthful flavor. The taste of an eighteen year old barely used teen pussy burning into his mind.

As Lexi flopped back onto the bed, her belly trembling; her mind tried to refocus. "Please...fuck me...oh god...need..." she gasped.

Suddenly Paul Bintons' hushed voice filled Mike's ear. "You heard the young lady."

Mike was beside himself. On one hand, his cock ached so hard inside his jeans it hurt. Then, here beneath him, was the trapped form of his innocent daughter. He watched as Binton held out a duplicate of the check he had given Mike, all the zeros filling his vision.

With a grunt, the guilt ridden father pulled his jeans free, his hard eight inch cock springing free. Lexi could hear the rustle of clothing in the room, but no voices.

"Oh God fuck me," she begged again. "I need cooooooooooccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkk."

The last word turned into a wail for Lexi, as the heavy form dropped onto her, sending his thick cock deep inside her in one sweep, her body erupting in a second orgasm just at the entry.

Mike, trying not to look at his daughters covered face, stared between their bodies as he thrust between her spread thighs. His rampart hard cock was heading for her opening. Her lips still parted from her previous orgasm, and her tight tunnel swamped in her own sauces, his cock drove balls deep in one single stroke.

"Ungh" Mike grunted, as he sank into his daughter. Her tight walls wrapping around his throbbing cock. At this point, his brain seemed to shut down on who he was buried in...all he felt was the need to release himself.

Raising his hips, he stared between their joined bodies, seeing the white cream clinging to his shaft. With a lunge, he drove back down into Lexi. Mike felt her body bounce on the bed under him as he powered into her again and again.

Spread wide open, like some sex toy, Lexi felt this strange man use her body over and over. His thick kept cock driving deeper and deeper into her with every stroke. She struggled against the ties around her wrists, desperate to touch and hold him as he ravaged her young body.

"Oh shit...oh Christ" Lexi gurgled. "Going to fucking cum again." She cried.

Mike looked back at Binton, who simply smiled at the joined pair. He could feel a growing tightness in his own balls. He knew, if he didn't pull out soon, he would totally lose control. He didn't know if his daughter was on any birth control or not, but the fear burned in his mind.

"DO it" Paul Binton whispered in his ear. "Put every drop of your spunk in her...daddy. Breed your little girl."

Mike felt his body tip over the edge with the man's words. His hips ramming down hard as his cock began to swell. His eyes started to roll back as the most tremendous orgasm of his life blossomed in his balls.

Lexi felt the swelling in her belly, and knew what was about to happen. She arched her hips up, driving the strange cock even deeper inside her quivering body.

"Cumming...give it...cumming...give it" the young girl chanted back and forth.

Mike felt his daughters vise like walls clamp around him as she erupted in a third orgasm. His balls exploded in heat as his seed spewed into her young body. 

"Ungh...ungh" he grunted...as two hot, thick ropes pumped into his daughters willing pussy.

Covered in sweat and mixed cum, Mike slowly withdrew from his daughter, feeling her still trembling with the after-shocks of her own orgasm. He looked down in horror at what he had just done. All but raping his little girl, he thought. He was an animal, his mind screamed. 

Stumbling off the bed, he grabbed for his jeans and raced for the door. How could he face his daughter ever again? He had just poured his seed into her belly, while she was tied to a bed. What kind of mind was Binton, he wondered.

For over an hour Mike wandered the huge mansion, trying to clear his mind of what had just happened. The two thoughts he couldn't shake was that Lexi had evidently enjoyed what had been done to her, as her screaming orgasm had given clear evidence. The other was the realization the he himself had taken a perverse pleasure in the act. The fact that it had been his daughter beneath his sweating body, had only added fuel to his passion.

Mike wasn't sure what more Binton had in mind, but he knew the weekend had only just started, and already things had gone farther than he could have imagined. Deciding he needed something to drink, he tried to find the kitchen.

As he passed down a long carpeted hallway, Mike passed the open double doors to the library. It wasn't the shelves of books that caught his attention; it was the figure standing in the center of the room. Illuminated by candles spread about on the tables, Lexi stood with her arms raised above her head, her legs slightly spread. Still nude, her body glistened in the flickering lights with some kind of oil sheen.

Like a man hypnotized, he slowly entered the room until he stood a few feet from his daughter. With shock, he saw that she wasn't just standing, but had her hands lashed to some kind of post in the center of the room. Her breasts heaved as she breathed deeply. Her head rocking from side to side as the same sash kept her eyes covered.

Mutely, Mike watched as a nude Binton approached from a dark corner. The man stood next to Lexi, as his fingers reached out and traced along the young girls hard nipples.

"Ooohhhh" Lexi moaned, as her body shuddered at the touch.

"Such a needy thing...isn't she" Binton said in a normal toned voice.

Lexi's head snapped up at his voice. "Who?" She asked in a husky voice. "Who's here?"

"Who else," Binton softly chuckled. "Daddy is here, to watch the show."

Mike watched as the man trailed his fingers slowly down Lexi's trembling belly. He couldn't stop the surge of blood that began to fill his cock at the sight before him.

"Oh God no" Lexi whispered.

"What was it you were just asking me?" Binton pressed her.

"Please...don't" Lexi begged softly.

Binton dropped his hand down further...and rammed a thick finger up between Lexi's spread thighs. With a wet squelch, his finger drove deep into her dripping pussy.

"OH godddddddddd" Lexi moaned at the invasion, her body bucking against the man's fingers. Daddy could see her...watch her. What must he think of her right now she wondered in her half shattered mind?

Then, the finger was gone, and her body ached again. So close to that edge, hanging right at her release, she couldn't stand it.

"Please" Lexi gasped. "Oh pleaseeeee" She groaned.

"Please what" Binton coaxed her. "Say it."

"Please don't make me" Lexi's cheeks burned red with shame. She knew her father was watching her, but she couldn't see him, hear him. At the same time, her body was literally screaming in need as her walls tried to clutch at a finger that wasn't there anymore.
