 Author's note: Very recently, while exporting e-mails to a new account I stumbled upon several attachments that contained some of my first writing. Partial and complete stories from before I started here on literotica. This story you're about to read is my first attempt at a mother son story. I cleaned it up a bit, and added a little here and there, but for the most part this is a ten-year-old story and a predecessor, of all the mom/son work I have on here. Thought it would be fun to share. Disclaimer: for those of you who enjoy my slow burn conflicted stories, this one is quicker and to the point. Enjoy.

Rose opened her eyes and looked at the cheap digital clock on the motel's even cheaper nightstand. It was eleven forty-five, and she was wide awake. By rights she should be sleeping. This was day two of her brilliant idea to drive from RI to California to see her sister, Laura. 

She thought it would be a nice to drive rather than fly and spend some time alone with Vince who begrudgingly took two weeks out of work and come with her for the trip. They'd each driven several hours today, stopping only for lunch and dinner, and a quick bathroom stop. 

Figuring they'd be too tired to drive much further, Rose had looked up local hotels located a hundred miles from where they'd stopped to eat, figuring they'd drive a couple more hours before calling it a night. 

She'd found a decent four-star hotel and booked a room with two beds, to save a little money, and so her and Vince could watch some movies together, something they still enjoyed doing even though ta twenty it would be hard to get him to admit that.

Vince claimed he kept up their 'movie nights' at home solely for her benefit, but Rose knew he liked the time with her, especially if the movie was bad and they'd make fun of it the whole way through. 

When they arrived at the hotel, Rose was informed there was a booking error and they didn't have anything available. Pissed off, she went back to the car, and went back to looking up places to stay within a few miles of them.

The third place with no openings explained there was a big business expo in town, and that's why everything was full. With neither of them up for driving too much further, Rose kept looking until she found a cheap motel that said they had one room left.

The price was close to what the four-star hotel would have been, and no doubt higher than their regular rate, to take advantage of the convention. Rose paid over the phone with her credit card to avoid losing the room, and they drove the twenty minutes to get there.

The place was a pit, even Vince remarking it looked like the kind of motel people paid by the hour to fool around with a hooker or have a sleazy affair. Rose did her best to come up with a forced smile. 

Vince had no idea Rose had caught Brian cheating on her and had caught him at a place not much better than this leaving with a girl that looked a lot closer to Vince's age than hers. They'd been arguing constantly ever since, Brian claiming it was a one-time thing, and a mistake, but what the hell, she 'wasn't into it' anymore. 

Rose knew it wasn't just that once, and it was bullshit she wasn't into sex. Rose had always loved sex, but the last couple of years sex had been one way, his way. Rose went out of her way to keep herself in shape, had her hair and nails done on a regular basis, wore lingerie, would role play little fantasies in the bedroom, and there wasn't anything she wouldn't do. 

But all that effort she put into it was for her to suck his cock, get fucked for about two minutes if it was that long, then he'd go to sleep. His idea of foreplay had become squeezing her tits, and maybe a slap on the ass if they did it doggy.

He hadn't given her an orgasm in over a year. Wouldn't finger her, go down on her, and when she brought out one of her toys one time for him to use on her, he got defensive and insecure asking why she needed them.

About a year ago, Rose began withholding sex. If he was going to do nothing to please her, she wasn't going to please him. She was his wife, and a sexual woman with desires and needs. Not just a mouth and pussy he could shove his dick into for the two minutes he could last. 

She knew an affair or hookers were inevitable. Rose would never cheat, and she did have chances. Blonde, blue eyed, with a tight athletic body that was even more impressive at her age of forty-six, she got plenty of attention from men. 

Rose wasn't big on top, her breasts were more than a mouthful, but not a full handful was how she'd describe them. Advantage to that was even being older gravity hadn't taken effect and her breasts were still perky. 

At one point Brian had asked her about getting a boob job, 'wouldn't you like them to be bigger?' Rose's answer was no, but apparently, he did. That was right about the time, she'd decided she could have a better sex life with toys and fantasies than him. 

But she knew Brian would step out. He was too 'manly' to go without sex. They hadn't been happy in a long time, but remained together for Vince, not just as his parents, but he had one more year of school left. 

There was also the ad agency they'd built together. If they divorced, could they still manage to run it together? Would they try and by each other out, sell it? But for all the questions, Rose swore if he cheated that would be the end. 

Not only had he, but she had proof, and now leverage for what she wanted. That was part of the reason for the trip. Rose needed time away to decide what she wanted to do, and if she could work herself up to it talk to Vince. This two week 'vacation' was about her having to make a huge decision and live with the effects of it. 

In the meantime, what she was living with was a ratty as hell motel room that only had one bed, and it was a twin. The only other furniture in the room was a small leather recliner, with cracked upholstery and so nasty looking, there was no way she'd let Vince sleep in it. 

With the only other option being the floor, she told him just share the bed with her. It was tight, especially with Vince being six one and a solid hundred and ninety pounds of all state wrestler. That matter was compounded by the fact the AC was broken.

It was currently eighty-five outside and felt hotter than that in the small room. They couldn't open the one window because it faced the club next door where Rose had no doubt most of the seedy motels business came from, drunken hook-ups. 

They had tables and music outside and there was no way they'd be able to sleep with the window open. Worse the strobe lights were visible even through the cheap blinds, but Vince fixed that by hanging a blanket they certainly wouldn't need, over it. 

They each took a shower in the dubious looking stand up stall that was so small she wondered how anyone even a little bigger than Vince could even fit in. The air inside the room was so hot and sticky they were both sweating within a half hour out of the shower. 

Poor Vince was going to sleep in sweatpants and a t-shirt as he did the other two places they'd stayed. Rose told him not to be ridiculous and to sleep in a pair of shorts, or even his boxers if he wanted to. 

They'd be under the sheet and she was his mother, not like she'd be checking him out. Admittedly, part of why she'd told him that was because there was no way she could wear a night shirt in this sweltering room.

While Vince sat on the bed with his back turned, Rose removed her bra, and shorts, and slipped under the sheet in a grey tank top and her panties. She didn't feel the panties were that improper, they revealed about as much as her bikini bottom.

The top was another story, being smaller chested, Rose tended to wear tighter tops to show off what she had, and tank top was a size smaller than it should be. Without a bra, the shirt was tight enough to show off her nipples and the shape of her breasts themselves. 

Rose didn't want to keep the sheet over her chest, so she figured after they watched a little TV, she'd just sleep with her back to him the sheet only up to her waist. That was the final straw on the night, the remote was dead, and the TV had no external way to change the channel. When Vince got up to turn it on, it was stuck on a local access channel.

At that point, they'd decided to call it a night, and go to sleep. That was an hour ago, and Rose couldn't nod off. She hated being on her side, so decided since it sounded like Vince was asleep to roll over onto her back which is how she usually slept. 

They left the light over the bathroom mirror on, and the door open so they could find the bathroom. That left the room lit enough that if Vince looked over, he'd get a look at her in the skimpy tight shirt because there was no way she could keep the sheet over her. 

But again, if he did, he did. He was her son; not like he'd be checking out his mother's tits. Then again, Rose found herself looking at Vince in a way that wasn't quite motherly. Staring at him as he slept, she couldn't help noticing he was a good-looking young man. 

Brian had been damn fine in his younger years, and Vince looked just like him. The short thick black hair, strong jaw, rugged features that made him attractive, but not in the pretty boy way. The one trait Vince had of Rose was his deep blue eyes, which coupled with his dark hair and his tanned face, stood out even more than they did on her. Neck down, Vince reminded Rose of Brian in his heyday as well. Vince's shoulders and chest were wide, and even relaxed the muscles in his arms stood out.

His stomach, partially visible with the sheet pulled a few inches over his waist was flat and hard, his 'six pack' well defined. Even his legs looked good, his thighs thick, and the muscles in his claves standing out even when he was just walking. 

Amazing he didn't have a girlfriend. He'd broken up with Tara a few months ago, and unless he was just hooking up, he hadn't been dating anyone. Not for the first time, Tara, and any other young woman Vince had been with was one lucky bitch. 

Rose had the talk with him about sex. She knew Brian had as well, but Rose made sure to bring up the fact that you get what you give, and Vince wanted his girl to be his personal little porn star, then he needed to be hers. 

Taking good care of her would make her more than happy to be good to him. As she'd talked with him, she'd thought about how long it had been since Brian had taken care of her. They'd had amazing sex for years, and he used to love to go down on her. 

Rose closed her eyes, recalling those days. How he would spend an hour between her thighs, licking, teasing, fingering with her feet on his shoulders or her long legs stretched out alongside him, playing with her nipples, moaning, and whimpering as he kept her on the edge of Cumming, but would back off.

When he'd let her come, her orgasm would be so strong she'd just lie there like a ragdoll, while he would left her limp legs, and plow into her, fucking her with delicious long hard strokes, just taking her, claiming his reward for turning her into a quivering hot mess. 

Rose released a deep breath into the hot humid air. It had been months since she'd had anything between her legs other than her fingers or a vibrator. Just thinking back to those days had her nipples erect, and a different kind of heat between her legs. 

She closed her legs, and bent them slightly, then straightened them. Rose repeated the move several times, and she had to part her lips and breath through her mouth as just the sensation of her thighs pressing around her tight enough to rub the panties against her now swollen clit had her on the verge of moaning.

The heat didn't help. Ever since she could remember, the heat made her horny. Something about being sweaty and flushed, her flesh slick and warm, always got her worked up. Not that it took much these days, but what the hell was wrong with her? She was lying next to her son.

Not just next to, but Vince was taking up so much of the narrow bed, their sides were touching. That added to the heat, both externally, and she hated to admit it, but internally. God his body was hard! Even sleeping and relaxed his arm and thigh felt as if he were flexing them. 

Rose's attention turned to how her own long soft, and sweaty leg felt against his. If they were a couple, her a cougar on the prowl, and him the lucky young cub she'd decided to bring to this shitty motel to fuck while her inattentive and out of shape husband paid young girls to squeal for him. 

Even the contrast of their skin was sexy. Vince deeply tanned from his summer landscaping job, and Rose who usually avoided the sun, except to take a quick swim, and even then, she slathered herself with sun block, was fair, bordering on pale. 

Her light honey blonde hair would look good on his chest, and her body pressed tightly to his even better. Get a grip, woman, this is your son. Rose brushed it off as being yet another sign of how deprived she was. Fine line between deprived and depraved, she supposed. 

Meanwhile, she was now horny as hell, and all but squirming on the bed. Rose slid her hand under the sheet and when she felt between her legs, she wasn't surprised to find the crotch of her panties were wet. 

She rubbed her clit through the silky material and had to bite her lip to avoid making any nice. Rose wiped her hair from her sweaty face. She should have put her hair up, but seeing it had been wet from the shower, she'd chosen to let it get the pillow wet to cool it off and keep her cool for a while as well. 

The humidity in the room had dried it quickly, and now it was plastered to her face and shoulders. That should be annoying, but like the heat itself, in her randy mood she found it sexy. Her blonde hair darkened by sweat was a good look if she thought so herself, because, hell someone had to these days. 

Rose rubbed her clit harder, and her other hand strayed under her shirt. She caressed her right breast, as if she were a lover exploring it, fondling it, gently, before her fingers found her nipple. She was breathing harder, and glanced to her right, making sure Vince was still asleep. 

Rubbing through the panties felt good, but it was more teasing than satisfying. As absurd, and flat out wrong as it was, Rose decided she needed to get off. It always served to help her sleep, and with another long day on the road coming up, she needed to rest. 

Rose released her breast, and lifting her hips, carefully eased her panties down so she could open her legs wide, the way she liked to when she had her 'me time'. Watching, Vince she slowly drew her legs up, and pushed her panties over her knees. 

She eased her right leg out, but left them around her left, so she could easily find and pull them back up. Just the thought of now being naked from the waist down while being next to Vince sent a strange, but pleasant feeling went through her. 

Rose eased her left leg out and rolled her eyes when it dropped off the edge of the bed, because Vince had her right on the edge of it. She pulled her leg back up, wondering how she could do this as her right leg was pressed against Vince. 

Another odd wave of heat went through her when she decided to raise her right leg, and gently drape it over Vince's. She remained still, seeing if the weight of her leg woke him up. She held her breath when he grumbled something, and his eyes partially opened. 

He didn't seem to be completely awake as his left hand which had been on his stomach under the covers, moved, resting on her thigh. A shiver went through her at the sensation of his large strong hand on her inner thigh and about a foot away from her pussy. 

Vince closed his eyes, and his breathing remained slow and steady. Relieved. Rose slipped her hand back between her thighs, amazed at how wet she was and knew it was partly the taboo of doing this so close to her son.

Her middle and ring finger slipped easily into her wet slit, and when she pressed her thumb to her clit, she had to stifle a gasp. Damn, she was wound up. With her arm touching Vince's Rose didn't rub herself to hard in fear of the movement waking him.

She closed her eyes and released a long shuddering breath as she worked her hand back under her shirt and captured her swollen nipple. Rose tried to envision some faceless young stud working her over heated cunt, first fingering, then eating her before stuffing her with the hard cock she desperately needed. 

It worked for a minute or so, but her mind strayed to Vince's hand on her thigh. She imagined him sliding it further, until he encountered his mother's wet pussy. It would be his long thick fingers inside her, and she'd moan his name while he drove them into her hard and deep. 

He'd make her come, then she'd roll over and ride him. Considering how amazing the rest of his body was, Rose had no doubt her son would have an amazing cock. Her breathing was getting faster and deeper and her thighs already quivering. 

She straightened her legs, and bent her feet, her toes curling as they always did when she was straining to come. Despite the voice in her mind telling her she shouldn't be thinking about Vince, her incestuous thoughts kept flowing.

She imagined being on top of him, her hands on his muscular chest while his were on her tits. Repeatedly driving herself down onto his cock and him moaning 'oh, mom' his hips thrusting frantically as his balls prepared to empty into his mother's...

Rose stopped, when she realized the narrow cheap bed was shaking. She suppressed a whimper of frustration as she had been so close. She hadn't thought she was rubbing hard enough to shake even this flimsy mattress.

The bed was still shaking. Her eyes flew open and she looked over at Vince. His eyes were closed, but like hers had been, his lips were parted, and he was breathing heavy. Her gaze shifted lower and her eyes widened.

The sheet was moving rapidly up and down, and the visible part of his arm was moving. 

Vince was jerking off!

Talk about like mother like son! Rose became aware of his hand still resting on her leg moving lightly back and forth, caressing the soft skin of her upper thigh caress her soft skin. Her heart raced when she wondered if he were thinking of her while he stroked his cock. 

"Honey?" Rose couldn't resist. "You okay?"

His hand stopped moving, and he opened his eyes with exaggerated slowness, as he turned to look at her. "Huh?" 

"You were shaking, are you okay?" She fought back a smile at the nervous look on his sweaty face. 

"Um, yeah." He nodded, his head bobbing in a jerky motion, and his eyes darting everywhere, but his face. 

"You sure? You were making some groaning noises?" She lost the battle and felt her lips curving into a smile. "Bad dream?"

"Yeah, yeah," he agreed, his head bobbing again. "Bad dream?"

His eyes had stopped moving and were now lingering below her face. Rose followed his line of sight and saw her nipples poking through the thin material, and with a start she realized her hand was still under her shirt. 

"Are you sure it was a bad dream?" Rose eased her hand from her shirt, the move calling more of his attention to her breasts.

"Yeah why?" His eyes had gone lower, now focusing on where her other hand was still under the sheet. 

"Because it looks like you were having a pretty good dream." She pointed to the tent he was pitching in the sheet. A very large tent. 

"Oh, um, shit!" As red as Vince was from the heat, the flush managed to deepen and his hands went to his crotch, trying to push down what looked like a very persistent erection. 

"Then again, unless you jerk off in your sleep, that wasn't really any kind of dream, was it?" 

"What do you mean? I was...scratching myself, must have gotten bit on the leg, and..."
