 PS: Yes I know it should be 'An' and not 'A' to be grammatically correct, but I need it this way to make them stay in alphabetical order for future parts.

Summary: Deleted scenes, photos and reasons from Awakening: 7 Slutty Blackmail Tasks

Note 1: This is not a story, but deleted scenes with explanation from the story "An Awakening": 7 Slutty Blackmails Please read that story first, unless you simply want to see some hot photos. 

Note 2: This is simply a bunch of deleted photos and scenes that didn't make it into the story. If you're curious, it is an interesting way to see how my mind works as the story evolved while it was being written and revised.

Originally this was simply a blackmail story with the twist ending of who the blackmailer was. Yet, it slowly transformed itself into not only a sexual reawakening, but a complex love story.

Here is a glimpse into my mindset as to how I allowed the characters to lead the story.

Thanks to DARKBREEZLY for collaborating with me and creating all the illustrations that bring this story to life.

Thanks to Tex Beethoven, Robert and Wayne for editing this unique experiment. 

Awakening: A Author's Mindset

This story was a labour of love between myself and the artist. The original plot changed a dozen times, several scenes were added to flesh out Lauren's journey (like the sex scene at the office with Ms. Martinez) and everything that included Anastasia, who wasn't in the original plot at all. Oddly, even naming her Anastasia occurred several pages before I decided to add some references to 50 Shades Freed; it just happened to be on heavy television preview as I wrote this).

Anyway, below you will see some photos that didn't work for some reasons I will explain and for the first time ever, a complete deleted scene that was pulled for continuity and characterization purposes. I finally understand why movie directors talk about scenes that were good, but which hurt the flow of the story or simply didn't work.

Obviously these will make almost no sense if you haven't already read the marathon journey of Lauren's sexual self-discovery in Blackmailed MILF: A Submissive Journey.

TASK 1: PUBLIC DILDO FUCKING

The first scene was critical to set the tone for who Lauren was and how, when it came right down to it, not only was she submissive, she was also unable to control her sexual hunger. It was also important to get the reader drawn into Lauren's plight but also to be drawn into the illustrations. I think we achieved that.

Public Pleasure:

The original photos taken of Lauren pleasuring herself in public had her clearly enjoying the task. But this didn't seem believable; she was being blackmailed. She was angry. She was doing this because she was being forced, not for her own sexual enjoyment (which will come later). So it was re-written and re-illustrated to make her appear more miserable, to make it clear to her blackmailer she was not an eager participant in this. That, of course, is shattered when she ends up pleasuring herself in the car, but she assumed the blackmailer wouldn't know she was doing this... that obeying him had turned her on.





Car Masturbation

Both the artist and I liked the idea of Lauren learning the blackmailer was sometimes watching her. Yes, it made it creepier that way, but it also was intriguing to us. During task one she has completed the assigned task, and as will happen often in the story, she finds herself doing something sexual that wasn't assigned, (such as fucking the black guy in the glory hole during task two). This time she masturbates because she's gotten so horny from completing the public masturbation task. In the story an adapted clothed version appears, but originally we had it that she was so overcome with lust that she ripped off her dress and pleasured herself.

This, in retrospect, seemed too extreme, especially on day one of the seven tasks. It was important that we see that doing the tasks turn her on, as this will be an underlying theme throughout, that no matter how badly she wants to hate the tasks, her body, her libido and her submissive nature betray her.

Yet, pleasuring herself naked in an alley in broad daylight seemed a bit much for our reserved teacher, especially this early in her awakening.



TASK 2: EAT A PUSSY

The story's main concept was seven diverse tasks that explored all of Lauren's secret fantasies. As soon as I decided this was to be task two, I wondered who I could bring back from other stories. I considered Bree from the Lesbian MILF Seductress series, Governor Daphne Green from a variety of series, and Jenny from the Bedding the Babysitter series. Yet, in the end, the choice was obvious... the female character I get the most requests to do more with: Big Rosie.

Big Rosie:

This scene was so important to me. Big Rosie had been in quite a few of my other stories and I have long considered writing an origin story for her, although I'm still not sure how that origin story might go . It is also one thing to describe her and her addicting pussy that girls will line up for, it's another to create the actual image: what she actually looks like.

In the story you get to see her in action... but here is Big Rosie doing nothing but posing for you in all her naked glory.

I think my illustrator did a great job of creating the visual of one of my iconic characters.



Pussy Facial

In the illustration program there are a few ways to create a cum facial (a male cum facial), but there isn't any satisfactory way of showing a facial gleam on a man or woman after receiving a glorious facial of bounteous female cum. This was our attempt.



TASK THREE: GLORY HOLE

A glory hole seemed like a logical next step. A chance to suck cock. It also ended up setting up task five (when she returns to get the facials she needs for her walk of cum). We considered having her suck five cocks, but lowered it to four since the story was already getting long (we had no idea that it would eventually grow to over 56,000 words). Even fucking the fourth cock was a spur of the moment idea as the story progressed... just one more example of Lauren unable to control her lust in the heat of the moment (also a great Asia song).

First Cum Shot

In the end, we decided to have her take multiple facials and my illustrator spent much time on making them look more authentic... more splattered. But since I love the look (and taste) of cum, I figured it was worth taking a look at the original.



Blackmailer is Watching

This photo I love. You get to see Lauren getting fucked by the big black cock from a distance. Alas, there were a couple issues:

1. In this illustration there were no doors on the stalls, and earlier I had decided to have doors in there for her protection and anonymity, and it seemed unlikely she would have been very comfortable if she could be seen by whomever she sucked.

2. It also seemed very unlikely her 18-year-old son could get into the club, sneak into the room, take the photo and leave without being ejected, which would probably be the focus of a lot of commotion, which would of course attract Lauren's attention . She recognises her son... oops... end of story. Bad idea.

So alas, the photo wasn't used.



Task 4: I SPY

This scene was harder to write. It was one thing for her to obey the first three, but this one brought in her daughter. That said, this task not only pushed her limits, but also began the foreshadowing of the finale when she willingly commits incest. Thus this was a key task in her journey.

Alternate photo: Cum Shot

I actually liked the angle of this one more than the one I ended up using, but Charlotte's facial expression looked more angry than submissive and welcoming of the cum shot. That said, I love the way the picture shows Lauren watching her daughter getting used and taking a facial.



Bed Sniff

We played around a lot with what happens after Lauren watches her daughter get fucked and the other two leave. We pondered the idea of the daughter knowing all along that she was being watched and that she was working with her brother to blackmail their mom (but chose against that, deciding to make the blackmail all about the brother); we also pondered the teens leaving some cum behind on the bed and having Lauren scoop it up and eat it. Lastly, before the scene we used where she sniffs her daughter's panties and uses a toy to fuck herself and gets caught by her daughter talking nasty, we also considered briefly her simply smelling the bed where her daughter came.



Not a Task: LATE NIGHT LICKY CALL

This wasn't even originally part of the story. Yet it seemed critical to have Lauren perform a sexual task

that wasn't part of the blackmail. It was key to show Lauren continuing her sexual journey, but this time

of her own accord. She chooses to leave her home, to lie to her children and go meet a stranger to be

her submissive pet.

The following two pictures are just alternate angles of the ones I used, but I think they let you see the

decisions I make when choosing a photo to help tell the story... the angle often being critical to

furthering the plot.





Lastly, the phone photo not used was originally used... I liked it slightly better. Yet, as I did my second edit I realized the window was in view and it was light outside, which went against the story line that it was late in the evening. Perhaps most readers wouldn't have noticed, but some would have, so the alternate photo became the photo I actually used. I like this one better because you get to see Lauren's facial expression more as she talks to her daughter while getting fucked.



TASK 5: CUM WALK

This scene was the simplest to write. My biggest concern was it was definitely simpler than spying on her daughter. Yet, walking in public with the risk of bumping into someone she knew made it, I think, slightly more challenging for her than the previous task.

That said, only a few pictures were created for this scene and they were all used.

TASK 6: STRIP CLUB

This task was set up from tasks three and five and would push her further, as by this point she had not only accepted her sexual journey, but was enjoying it. It was originally supposed to enhance her sexual submission and willingness to do almost anything to set up the extreme task seven.

What you are about to read isn't a deleted photo, but a complete deleted scene that would have taken place immediately after Lauren finishes her strip tease. In the finished version she ends up in an intimate, somewhat more romantic, scene with Anastasia where the romantic plot that ended up becoming important to the story begins.

That was not the original plan. Originally, Lauren was to get fucked by strangers and end up back onstage with Anastasia for a kinky lesbian performance. But that didn't make as much sense in the end, for Lauren's journey of sexual exploration.

This is the ultimate example where a character drives the story. So instead of a random threesome, Lauren insisted on having an intimate lesbian scene.

I also was concerned I was turning her into a simple slut who just fucked anybody, anytime, and that was not the characterization I wanted for Lauren. She is a strong woman, although submissive, who is simply exploring her sexuality after years of a sexually dormant marriage. She is accepting who she is, discovering what she wants and is enjoying the journey of rediscovering, or perhaps discovering, who she really is.

The scene you are about to read even included a subplot that would have potentially changed Lauren's career choice, and that too seemed a bit too farfetched (albeit in a story where the entirety is a bit far-fetched). Also, I have to admit, the plot of this scene seemed forced and less natural than the rest of the story.

Hopefully you will agree that the romantic, yet kinky sex, between Anastasia and Lauren was a more believable and for Lauren, rewarding choice.

Deleted Scene: Threesome at Strip Club 

(just after Lauren puts her stripper clothes back on after stripping)

A waitress came to me just as I finished dressing and said, "Mr. Jones would like to see you."

"Um, who is Mr. Jones?" I asked.

"The owner of the club," she said, taking my hand and leading me out into the main area, past a few men and to a somewhat secluded area from which one could still see the stage.

There were two men there.

The same two men I had teased mercilessly during the last two songs.

One man said, "You were one tempting tease."

I smiled. "Isn't that what a stripper is supposed to do?"

He chuckled, "Indeed."

"Which one of you is Mr. Jones?" I asked, finding both of these men good-looking.

"I am," the man who had been doing all the talking said. "Now, I rarely do this, but if you're interested in being a regular here, I have an opening for you."

"Really?" I asked, this surprising me.

"You're a natural," he complimented.

"It was awkward at first, but then I started to get into it," I said.

"I know," he nodded. "Are you interested?"

"I'm not sure," I answered honestly. "I have a real job."

"Oh this would be a real job and my main strippers here make over a hundred grand a year," he revealed, before adding, "not including tips."

"No way!" I gasped, that being substantially more than I made teaching.

"I don't joke about money," he said.

"I would have to think about it," I said, not sure I would want to be a stripper for a career. I mean what would I tell my kids?

"That said, you got me pretty excited up there and I would love to test your other skills," he said urbanely.

"Which skills are those?" I asked flirtatiously, as the other man tugged my bra strings and suddenly I was topless.

"Well, have you ever done two guys at once?" he asked, as he pulled his pants down.

"Today?" I joked, as I saw he wasn't wearing any underwear and had a nice hard cock pointing at me.

"You are so hot," he said, as he leaned in, took off my mask, and kissed me. He was the first man to kiss me since my husband. I should have been worried about my identity, but instead, I melted into the kiss.

I kissed him back as I felt the other man grope my ass.

When he broke the kiss, I asked, "So do all your potential employees become your sluts?"

"'Slut' is such an overused word," he said, as I reached out and grabbed his cock, while also reaching behind me to squeeze the other man's cock.



"Well," I said, as I lowered myself before him. "I do like to be treated like a slut."

"That can be arranged," he said, seeming to be surprised by my bluntness as I opened my mouth and took his long thin cock in my mouth.

I bobbed on his cock for a couple of minutes, before he pulled out and said, "Lie down on the table."

"Yes, sir," I obeyed, hinting at my natural submissiveness as I stood up.

"Take off your skirt and panties," he ordered.

"Yes, sir," I repeated, quickly getting out of my remaining clothes other than the thigh highs.

I laid on the table, letting out a yelp as it was darn cold as I joked, "If you can afford to pay lavish salaries you could probably afford to turn up the heat."

He laughed, as he lowered himself down and slid his cock back into my mouth as my legs were spread open by the other guy, "That is the plan, just not the way you meant."

As he slowly fucked my mouth, the other guy buried his face in my cunt.



I moaned on Mr. Jones' cock as my pussy was pleasured.

He squeezed my tits.

He held my head as he fucked my mouth.

The other guy ate my cunt with reckless vigor, way better than my ex.

They swapped places and I sucked the other man while Mr. Jones slid his cock into my cunt.

God it felt good being fucked.

It also felt cool having a cock in both ends... this was the kind of multitasking I liked.

After a couple of minutes, Mr. Jones flipped me onto all fours and slid back into me, shifting from slow fucking to harder fucking. I moaned, as I stroked the other cock, "Oh yes sir, pound my pussy with that big cock."

"Get sucking too, slut," he ordered.

I devoured the cock in front of me, wanting to obey without hesitation as I tried to match the speed with which Mr. Jones was fucking me.

My orgasm was building, the wild strip tease revving up my motor and now the two cocks were really getting me running on all cylinders.

Suddenly he pulled out and the men wordlessly swapped places, using me as the slut I had become.

The other guy slid into my cunt, Mr. Jones slid into my mouth.



"Just the cock head," he ordered, as the other guy slowly fucked me... as they played me like a sexual yoyo, getting me close and then stopping.
