 Author's note: To all my fans, Thank you, Please keep rating my stories, and keep sending emails and leaving comments. Your feedback keeps me writing. I love waking up to new comments and emails from my fans. 

Thanks to you I now have over 4500 followers. Thank you so much. 

============

We were on our way to the lake house. We tried to get up there at least once a month and usually for a week during the summer. This was our summer week. This week was kind of special as our daughter Carlie was home after her first year away at school. At 18 it had been a big year for her and we were excited to have her to ourselves. 

I was looking forward to the break. My husband Jim ran a successful construction business and I did the books and tried to do the scheduling. It had been a great year and we needed the week off. 

Besides our daughter, our son Scott, and three of his friends, Jon, Carl, and Brandon were also with us. Our son was a year older than Carlie and worked for our construction firm. His friend Jon also worked for us. 

On our way to the lake house I always thought about how lucky we were. Jim and I were your typical high school cliche couple. He was on the football team, I was a cheerleader. We started dating when we were 17. We were, well are, madly in love. 

We had sex for the first time on prom night. I had just turned 18. We were very naive. I got pregnant with Scott either that night or soon after. We wanted to get married right away. Our parents wouldn't let us. They wanted us to wait. . They didn't try to stop our relationship, just wanted us to give it some time. 

We couldn't wait. We got married right after graduation. We had the baby and then within a few months I was pregnant with Carlie. 

People were kind to us. Our families stood by us. A friend of Jim's father owned a construction firm and hired Jim. Jim also picked up some handyman work on the side. I did some waitressing. Between the three jobs we managed to support ourselves and our children. We were young and happy. 

At one point Jim's boss offered us a great deal. We were looking for a new house to rent. He had just bought a fixer upper. He said if we moved in and fixed it up he'd split half the profit with us. With that were on our way. 

We bought the lake house when the kids were 8 and 9. We loved the lake and when the house came on the market we jumped on it. It needed work, but we were willing to do it. It wasn't a big house. It sat in the woods about 50 feet from a small beach. The side facing the water was practically all glass sliders and windows leaving amazing views of the lake. Plus you could leave the glass open and listen to the woods and water through the screens. It was about 850 square feet not including the loft. It had one bedroom and one bath. It was basically a big open living space with a kitchen and dining area. There was a large deck with a fire pit facing the lake. The kids usually slept in the loft. 

We fixed it up, and a few years later the septic needed to be replaced. We decided we could use another bathroom. Unfortunately there was was really no place in the house to put it. We decided with the kids coming back and forth from the beach and tracking in sand and dirt we'd add the bathroom on the outside of the house. It had a door from the outside and a door from the house. It was a half bath and we added the shower outside. The bathroom was heated, but not the shower stall. No big deal during spring and summer seasons, but during the winter it's a rude awakening. We never really used it in the winter. 

With seven of us going up and one bedroom we decided the boys would bring a tent and camp on the property. Carlie could have the loft. 

We got to the house. I always marveled at the solitude. The nearest house was 100 yards through the woods. We were lucky we bought when we did. Except for a few houses near us the shore of the lake was becoming overdeveloped. 

I took a deep breath. 

"Ok boys, start unpacking," I said. 

We had brought the boat and enough supplies and food for eight days. The boys and Carlie started carrying in food and gear from the car. The boys had brought a four man tent but it didn't have room for all their clothes so we had them put them in a small shed we had on the property. 

Once we were unpacked, the boat. In the water, and the tent set up, the kids wanted to go for a swim. I thought it was a great idea. We all went to change into our suits. Since the bedroom, living room, and loft all had those big windows I grabbed my suit and headed to the bathroom to change. As I was changing I wondered where everyone else would change. The tent was too small for four boys to change in, they could change in the shower or the outside bath. Carlie was in the loft, but all the windows gave no privacy. 

I put on my bathing suit. It was a decent mom style one piece. Appropriate in front of the boys. I looked at myself in the mirror. I looked good. I took care of myself. At 37 years old, 5'3 and 120lb I still got my looks from men. I tied my shoulder length hair pulled back in a ponytail. 

When I got out of the bathroom Carlie was already changed. She was wearing a tiny string bikini that covered just what it had to. It's hard to picture your child so grown up, but after a year at school you look at them differently. She was gorgeous. 5'3" and a size 5. Her honey blonde hair hung down the middle of her back. I kind of laughed inwardly. I remembered when my tits stood out like that. Not that they still weren't good, just not like that. 

Then I wondered where she changed. 

"Where did you change?" I asked. 

"In the loft," she replied. "Why?"

"Not a lot of privacy up there" I said.

"Oh, I didn't think of that. Oh well. If someone wants to look that badly let them," she quipped and then laughed, "the only person out there was daddy, and I'm pretty sure he wasn't trying to peep on me."

She headed out the door. As she did my husband was coming in to change. I wondered if he had seen her, and what he'd seen if he did. For some reason the thought made me feel uncomfortable. I didn't analyze it then, but in retrospect I realize there were a few emotions going on. I was a little jealous, not that he might of looked, but more that she was getting looked at and I wasn't. I was proud of her body, but a little bothered it might get more looks than mine. At the time though, I just brushed it off. 

I waited for Jim to change then headed out to the beach. As I walked there from the house I turned and looked. I realized that almost anywhere you stood in on the glass side of the house you could see in the entire house except the bathroom. Where the boys had set up their tent you could also see the entire loft. I wondered if the boys had seen anything. 

The boys and Carlie were already on the small beach. They had beach chairs but the boys were all standing around Carlie talking to her. Even Scott seemed to be vying for her attention. 

Again I felt uncomfortable. There was a day when boys would have surrounded me, but by the time I realized it I was already dating Jim. I never really had that chance to flirt. 

When I got to the beach the boys all greeted me. They were sweet but quickly turned their attention back to Carlie. 

We spent that day at the beach. Every time Carlie went in the water the boys followed her. I watched as they watched her walk to the water. Her ass practically completely showing. They would almost always follow her rather than walk in front of her. I even saw Jim watching her a few times as she made her way to the water. 

I became kind of obsessed with who was watching Carlie. I also noticed that Carlie seemed to be doing stuff to make sure they were watching. If the boys were walking behind her she might adjust the bottom of her suit. She'd stretch while coming out of the water, or stand legs together as she bent over and splashed water on her arms. 

When she laid down to tan she'd undo the string of her top and push her bottoms as far down as was decently possible. When on her stomach you could see her ass crack. When on her back it was pretty obvious she either shaved completely or pretty close.  

Let's say the boys, even Jim and Scott noticed Carlie a lot. Me? I was kinda envious and wistful, wondering if, in my day, I would have got the same attention. 

Other than my obsession we had a great day. The water was beautiful, the sun was not too hot, the conversation was fun and when it lulled people read their books or napped. A perfect day. I did notice the boys flirting with Carlie a bit, she gave as good as she got. 

It was the end of the day, we all decided to go in. Carlie headed to the outdoor shower first. The outdoor shower was surrounded on 4 sides with wood walls. They were about 5' high. They started about 18 inches off the ground. You could see the top of Carlie's head and her very shapely calves. As she took off her bathing suit we could see her slide it down over her calf and step out of it. She laid it over the wall to dry. I was very aware she was naked in there. 

I noticed the boys all looking at the shower as if they could see through the walls. When I looked at Jim he was also looking at the shower. Finally she was finished. She turned off the water, it was obvious she then remembered that she didn't have a towel. 

"Hey guys, a little help please," she called. "I need a towel."

Jon responded, "hmmm, I don't know." 

Then he remembered Jim and I were there. 

"I'll get you one," he said and ran to grab one. 

He walked over to the shower and kind of facing away handed the towel over the edge. 

Carlie stood up on tiptoes and kind of looked over the edge as she grabbed the towel.

"Thank you Jon," she said. Then she added, "I owe you."

"Oh?" said Jon. "You owe me? What do I get?" he teased

Not to be outdone she responded, "What do you want?"

I think Jon then remembered that Jim and I were there. 

"Nothing," he replied. "It was my pleasure.

She took the towel, thanked him with a smirk, and started to dry off. I couldn't help but wonder where the conversation would have gone if Jim and I weren't there. 

When she was done she wrapped the towel around her and stepped out of the shower. 

"Next," she said as she headed into the house. 

I watched her. The towel obviously covered more than her bathing suit but for some reason I was more aware that she was naked under the towel. 

The boys started taking their turns jumping in the shower. Jim and I just wiped our feet clean and went inside to use the shower in the house. 

As we walked in I looked up at the loft. Carlie was wearing a pair of shorts and pulling on a t shirt. I noticed she wasn't wearing a bra. 

I went and changed. Jim started dinner. When I was dressed I came out, Jim and Carlie were in the kitchen laughing and making dinner. It was weird. I loved seeing them together, but there was something else there. I wasn't sure what it was. 

The boys came in and asked if they could have beers. What the hell I thought and they all grabbed one and went to sit on the deck. I grabbed one also and went to join them. 

I loved sitting out there. I ask the boys to start a fire in the fire pit. They jumped right on it. I listened to the lake and watched the boys as they gathered wood and started the fire. They were all in shorts and t shirts. I've known these boys forever, but for some reason, tonight I started to notice how handsome they were. 

It started with me thinking about how they were with Carlie and then that kind of drifted into how they looked. I thought about how they flirted with her. She loved it and responded in kind. Why not, they were all good looking boys, they had all played sports in high school and were all lean and muscled. I wondered what it felt like to be flirted with like that by such handsome guys. 

Jim and Carlie brought dinner out. We sat by the fire and ate. It was a perfect evening. I was getting tired and we decided to go to bed. I went to my room to change. 

When the kids were younger they were upstairs in the loft by the time I went to bed. This time they were out front on the deck. I usually sleep in a T-shirt and panties. I had to think about how to handle it. One of the problems with so much glass is we didn't have curtains. The house faced west so sunrise did not come blazing in the window. 

I was standing in the middle of the room trying to figure out how to handle this when Jim walked in. He looked at me standing there. 

"What's wrong?" he asked. 

"I'm not sure where to get dressed?" I said. 

He looked at me strangely. 

"What?" he asked.

I explained, "usually I just change here and sleep in my underwear, but the kids are all out there on the deck."

He kind of looked at the deck with an uncomprehending face.

"What?" He repeated.

"I can't get undressed here, the kids can see me." I repeated. 

"Ohhhhhh," he replied. "Get changed in the bathroom," he offered. 

"Ok, but then what.do I wear to bed? I didn't bring anything to sleep in."

"Sleep in a t shirt like you normally do. No one is going to watch you sleep," he answered. 

"Umm, OK," I responded. I wasn't convinced but I accepted he was right. 

I went in the bathroom brushed my teeth and got ready for bed. Then I stripped down to my panties and pulled on a t shirt. I looked in the mirror. The t shirt covered half my ass. The panties were a small pink bikini style. I always liked pretty underwear. They made me feel special. 

I walked out of the bathroom and to bed. I felt terribly exposed. The feeling scared me, but there was something else. I was excited. I kept thinking someone would see me. There was a thrill to the idea of being caught. I walked to the bed, bent down and pulled the covers back. I stood up and climbed into bed. As I did I looked outside. Brandon was looking straight at me. 

I couldn't believe it. I'd been caught. You figured I'd be embarrassed, but I surprised myself. I felt a naughty thrill. Nobody had seen me in my underwear except my husband, daughter, and mom, since I was 17. I closed my eyes. I could feel the wetness between my legs. My mind was racing, I'd been caught. Brandon saw me. 

Then I started to wonder. Did he like what he saw? What if I grossed him out. Who wants to see some 37 year old woman in her underwear. I tried to close my eyes, but I kept watching Brandon. He leaned over and said something to Carlie. They both looked at my window. Carlie whispered something to Brandon. I wondered what they were saying. 

They returned to their conversation. I tried to sleep. Did my daughter now know Brandon saw me? Did she see me? What did she think. The whole time I'm thinking this my pussy was tingling. 

Shortly after, the kids all headed to sleep and Jim followed me to bed. I watched him change into his gym shorts. I looked outside to see if anyone noticed. They didn't. They had all headed to bed. As he slid in next to me I kissed him, Not the good night kiss, the, I want to make love, kiss. He knew the difference. 

Under the covers hand slid under my shirt to my breast. I moaned softly. Twenty years and I still loved his touch. Ok, I know this will sound silly, but we got married at 18. We knew very little about sex. After two years I kinda thought there must be more to sex. I, very shyly, bought some books on sex. 

The first thing I did was learn to masturbate. I loved the feeling. In the beginning I think I did it two to three times a day. After I was comfortable I started showing Jim how to touch me. At first he was a little worried about where I learned this stuff. I finally had to show him the book. 

He asked if he could read it and between both of us, we learned a lot. The first time he went down on me I was scared, however once he started I was no longer scared. I loved it. I couldn't wait to go down on him to show him how fantastic it was. When he came I swallowed every drop. I loved it. 

I tell you this because sex between us is pretty good, although after twenty years it had become a bit matter of fact. 

His hand caressed my breast and pulled on my nipple. I slid my hand down his body and into his shorts. His cock was already hard. I wondered at that. It usually takes a little longer. I stroked it the way I knew he liked. He kissed his way down my neck. I stretched it to give him more access. I loved the way it felt. 

His hand moved to my other breast. He went to pull up my t shirt. I raised my back a bit to help him. 

His head moved down and sucked a nipple into his mouth. I continued to stroke him as I moaned softly. As he sucked me his hand moved down over my belly towards my pussy. I loved that feel, the anticipation of his touch. I sucked in my breathe as his hand passed over that soft part of my hip. I kissed him harder. 

His hand found my pussy. I was wet. He ran his fingers up my pussy lips spreading my juices all over my clit. His fingers circled my clit then slid inside me. I moaned again. 

"Mmmmm, I love that," I sighed. 

He had one arm pulling me to him, the other started pushing my panties off me. I let go of his cock and pushed my panties down and off my legs. I could feel his hand back on my pussy hair. 

Then a strange thought hit me. I was 'bathing suit' groomed, but given the suit Carlie was wearing, how groomed was she? 

I quickly pushed the thought out of my head to concentrate on my husband. His fingers slipped inside me again. I used my hands to push his shorts down and pull out his cock. 

With his cock free I rolled over on my back pulling him on top of me. With my legs spread I reached down and placed the head of his cock against my pussy. 

He thrust forward and entered me. I breathed in. It felt so good. As he thrust into me I pushed my hips into him meeting every thrust. It felt so good. 

As he, ummm, there's no good word for this, so, as he fucked me, I looked out the window. I could see the stars over the lake. There was no one on the deck. I could see the boys tent. I wondered if they were asleep. 

My mind started to go down that path. I could feel every thrust. It felt great, but I also started to wonder if someone could see us. I imagined Brandon on the deck looking in. 

The thought excited me. I started thrusting into Jim harder and faster. My moans became loud grunts. 

"Unghh, unngh, unnggh. Yes, yes, yes, I breathed. My orgasm started to wash over me. I wrapped my legs around Jim and pulled him into me. I started to cum again. This time my cries sent Jim over the edge as well. I could feel the hot cum spurting inside me. 

His body fell on top of mine. I pulled him close. 

"I love you baby," he whispered in my ear. 

"I love you too," I replied. 

Jim rolled over on his back. 

"Where'd that come from," he asked playfully. 

We make love that passionately sometimes, but it's not as often. 

"Must be the fresh air," I responded. "Why? Are you complaining?" I asked teasingly. 

"Nope, fine by me," he said.

He rolled towards me and kissed me again and we fell asleep in each other's arms. 

It was bright outside when I woke up. I climbed out of bed to go to the bathroom. Then I realized, I wasn't wearing panties. I quickly turned to look at the window. There was Carl, Jon, and Carlie looking straight at me. The two boys had their mouths open. Carlie has a small smile on her face. 

I shrieked and ran into the bathroom. 

I saw the kids start to laugh. 

When I got in the bathroom I stopped to catch my breath. My mind was racing. , The kids saw me in a T-shirt and no panties. I was so embarrassed, but something else, I was aroused. My nipples were hard, I was breathing heavily and I could feel the wetness between my legs. 

Why was I excited? Was it being seen? Only my husband had seen me for twenty years. Then I wondered what they thought. Were they laughing at the naked old lady? 
