 It was barely 9:00 on Friday night, and Jenn was not happy as she pulled into the driveway at her mom's house. This was her last summer before heading to college, and spending Friday night with her family was not high on her list. Unfortunately, her friend Lisa's parents had come home earlier than expected and the Friday night party plans had come to an abrupt and dramatic end. Jenn could still picture the look on Lisa's father's face when he walked in the door to his house and found a high school party just getting under way. She imagined she had a similar look on her own face when we walked out of the kitchen armed with a bottle of vodka and a stack of red cups and nearly collided with Lisa's mom. 

Most of Jenn's friends were going to regroup and hang out together, but Jenn was more inclined to hurry home and figure out if she needed to go into damage control mode. She was worried that Lisa's parents had already called her mom and painted a picture of drinking and partying. Jenn made it from Lisa's driveway to her front door within five minutes, but she was still nervous and worried that her mom would be on the phone with a screaming Lisa's mom like that scene from A Christmas Story. Putting as much confidence in her voice as possible, she stepped into the foyer and called out, "Hi, I'm home." Nothing... not a peep. Maybe her mom was asleep already? Could she be that lucky? 

As she headed upstairs and into her bedroom, she heard music and the sounds of jacuzzi jets through her open bedroom window. Ahhh, she thought, that's where they are. Jacuzzi time and wine were pretty typical for her mom and step-dad on a Friday night. That could only help her cause... her mom usually dragged her step-dad straight up to the bedroom after their jacuzzi sessions. Peeking out the window overlooking the back yard, Jenn could not believe her luck. Her step-dad, Andrew was alone in the large, in-ground jacuzzi. No sign of her mom at all. Andy appeared to be just chilling out with a glass of wine in his hand and listening to whatever alt/indy/weird band he was into this week. This was a major coup for Jenn. Andy would not only not freak out if Lisa's mom called, there was a chance he might not even mention it to her mom. All things considered, Andy was pretty cool for a step-dad. 

Her step-dad came into Jenn's life when she was eleven, and he had been pretty cool to her and her brothers for the past seven years. Andy seemed to understand that he was a "step-dad" and not a "father" and didn't try to play a role he wasn't suited to. He was kind and helpful and Jenn was very fond of him. And, she had to admit to herself, for a guy in his mid-50's he was really good looking. His dark eyes, tan healthy skin, and a full head of salt and pepper hair got him more than one comparison to George Clooney. Jenn thought about that for a second and had another look through her blinds at her step-dad sitting in the jacuzzi. 

A couple of years ago, Andy had a health scare and really turned his lifestyle around. He was an avid cyclist and lifted weights in the garage at least three times a week. It took some time, but he dropped the middle-aged fat around his belly and added muscle to the point where some of Jenn's friends commented on her "sexy step-dad". Lisa even confessed to masturbating while fantasizing about Andy. Jenn made the appropriate grossed-out reaction every time, but the thought of Andy naked was definitely not gross. On top of his good looks and decent body, Jenn could not help but notice the sizeable bulge in his jeans. She knew she wasn't supposed to notice such things, but it was kind of hard to ignore. 

As if on cue, Andy stood up in the jacuzzi to get more wine as Jenn watched out her window. The "new improved Andy 2.0" as he called himself was tall and relatively lean. The jacuzzi, which was the size of a small pool, was deep and when Andy stood up the bubbly, frothy water still came up to his ribs. Even so, Jenn noticed his shoulders and chest had nice definition and his arms were well muscled, if not huge. His stomach was flat, even if it fell well short of a six-pack. All in all, a very nice package, she thought as she watched. Andy picked up his phone from the side of the spa to start a new playlist, and Jenn realized she was not only spying on her step-dad, she was checking him out! What the hell am I doing? she thought with more than a trace of embarrassment. 

Her embarrassment rapidly changed to shock as Andy moved away from the jets and into the middle of the jacuzzi where the water was calm and less opaque. It was then Jenn noticed that he was not wearing a swimsuit. Her step-dad was completely naked and oblivious to the fact that she was not only home but watching him from her bedroom window, as well. With his back to the house, Jenn could see through the water just enough to notice Andy had a small ass for a man of his age. If he did have a flabby ass, the water was doing a good job of hiding it. Blushing from head to toe, Jenn knew she should stop looking. She should close her blinds and distract herself with a movie, or Instagram, or Twitter, or even just go to bed. She didn't do any of those... instead she continued to perv out watching her middle-aged step dad lounge around the jacuzzi, naked as the day he was born. 

As she watched, she became conscious of two things. First, she realized that she very much wanted Andy to turn around and catch a glimpse of his cock and balls. She wanted to see what produced that big bulge she had noticed since she was old enough to notice such things. Secondly, she realized that clit was tingling, and her pussy was getting wetter by the second. Fuck, she thought, my step-dad is making me horny! What the hell!?!?! As she watched Andy standing there without a care in the world, her cotton g-string was getting increasingly damp. As she remembered Lisa's masturbatory fantasies about her step-dad, Jenn actually thought about unbuttoning her "daisy dukes" and giving her own clit a good rubbing. Horny as she was though, she wasn't going to cross that line. That didn't stop her from carrying on with her voyeuristic spying on Andy. 

It seemed like an eternity, but Andy finally turned around to face the house and his step-daughter spying from her bedroom on the second floor. Jenn was surprised by how disappointed she was when she discovered that the water in the jacuzzi made it hard to get a real good look at Andy's cock. Jenn had already decided that she wanted to see what Andy was packing below the waist, but she could not see his cock clearly through the water. It looked like it was pretty big, and that he had balls to match, but she couldn't be sure. Her disappointment didn't last long. As she watched, Andy casually reached down and started fondling his cock. He wasn't really stroking it like he was jacking off, but even his casual touching made it swell. 

Jenn's pussy was buzzing now. Her clit ached to be touched and she felt her long, thick nipples hardened under her push up bra. Biting her lower lip, she rubbed her wet pussy through her shorts and willed Andy to keep playing with his cock while she looked on. Andy had other ideas, though, and stopped touching his cock. Instead, he leaned back to float on his back in the middle of the jacuzzi. Now his cock and balls were on display for her to see! Even semi-erect, Jenn knew Andy was bigger than any guy she had ever had before. Andy had a glorious cock, and even from her hiding spot, Jenn could see it was quite thick. Unable to stop herself any longer, Jenn unbuttoned her shorts and slid her hand down to her smooth, teenage pussy. She immediately started rubbing her swollen clit furiously while she pinched and rolled her erect nipples through her bra and top with her free hand. Her eyes glued to the big cock on display, her orgasm built rapidly. She was too turned on and too worked up to slow down and savor the pleasure. She came fast and hard, her small body shaking and convulsing as her orgasm hit her, wave after wave of pleasure enveloping her. 

Jenn laid on her bed, trying to catch her breath. She had never had an orgasm like that, ever. She had never come so quickly, or so hard. Her orgasm seemed to last forever, and she had never gushed like that. Her pussy was sopping wet, and her tiny g-string and shorts were soaked as well. The thought of fucking her middle-aged step-dad's fat cock made her crazy with lust and desire. Even after having one of the best orgasms of her life, Jenn could feel the lust building in her pussy again. She wanted Andy and his gorgeous cock, and she wasn't going to be satisfied with her own fingers again. Raising her hips off the bed, she slid her shorts and g-string off, and then slipped her fingers between swollen pussy lips. She could not believe how wet she was! She brought her hand to her lips and could smell her own cum. She slid her fingers into her mouth and tasted her own sweet juices. Pulling on a tiny pair of thin cotton pajama shorts, she thought about her step-dad tasting her sweet pussy. As she walked down stairs, her mind wandered to images of her juices coating Andy's cock as he stretched her tiny pussy. 

Andy was enjoying a rare night alone. His wife Leslie was out with her lady friends and was planning on spending the night at a friend's house so that she didn't have to drive drunk or pay for an Uber. The kids were all at their other parents' houses, so he was on his own for the evening. He has just returned home from a short, mid-week business trip and was ready to do absolutely nothing. After a fixing himself a casual dinner, Andy opened a nice bottle of wine and then changed out of his clothes. Since he was alone for the evening and was headed out to the jacuzzi, he opted for nothing more than a bath robe and a pair of flip flops. One of his secret pleasures was to relax naked in the jacuzzi whenever the situation allowed. Andy enjoyed the feeling of his heavy cock and balls being free in the hot water of the jacuzzi. 

It was a lovely July evening, and Andy was thoroughly enjoying his time in the hot, bubbly water. From time to time, he would press his cock in front of the jacuzzi jet and feel himself getting firm from the water pressure. Even at 53 years old, his cock would get hard quickly and with little stimulation. Andy and Leslie had an active and varied sex life and his cock got constant attention. He was either fucking, getting a blow job from Leslie or jerking his own cock every day of the week. Reaching down and feeling his big balls, Andy was proud of the amount of cum they still produced. Leslie loved the way he coated her lips or tits or ass with rope after rope of thick, gooey cum. 

After 30 minutes or so, Andy was just about ready to get out of the jacuzzi and head inside. He was planning a shower to rinse off the chlorine, with some time to soap up his thick cock and big balls and jerk off before an early bed time. Just before he turned to step out of the jacuzzi, he saw the light go on in the kitchen. Oh shit, he thought, please don't be Jenn. It would be bad enough to have one of his teenage step-sons catch him naked, but the girl would be mortified. And truth be told, he was also worried the way his cock would react if it was Jenn. For a few years now, he had not been able to ignore Jenn's sexy, young body. Often, his cock would react to her skimpy, tight outfits and he would have to try his hardest to hide his growing bulge. More than once, he thought he had caught her staring as his cock filled his jeans. Just in case it was Jenn, Andy reached over and switched off the jacuzzi light. Now, he was pretty sure, it would be difficult to tell that he wasn't wearing a swimsuit. 

The sliding door to the kitchen opened, and Jenn called out, "Hi Andy!" 

Andy's heart almost skipped a beat as she stepped outside and closed the door behind her. Jenn looked nothing like her mother. Where Leslie was tall with dark wavy hair, Jenn was a tiny blonde barely reaching 5'4". Leslie had an eye-popping hour glass figure with heavy 36D tits, a tiny waist and curvy hips setting off a round, thick ass. Jenn had tiny, pert tits topped with long, thick nipples that drove Andy crazy whenever Jenn decided to go braless around the house. Jenn's waist was impossibly tiny which gave made her slender hips and tight little ass seem curvy. For someone who was so short, she seemed to be all legs. 

As Jenn stepped out of the house, Andy saw that she was wearing a tight scoop necked crop top that barely covered her perfect teenage tits and showed off her flat tummy. Her pajama shorts were low across her waist, and as she turned to close the sliding door behind her, Andy saw that they didn't even begin to over her ass cheeks. He felt his cock swell again and his balls tighten as he stood naked in the darkened spa in front of his hot little 18 year-old step daughter. He has never felt more like a dirty old man in his life, but he could not help but lust after the sexy little woman walking towards him. 

"Umm, hi Jenn," he finally managed to get out. "I thought you were at a party and then headed to your dad's house for the weekend." 

Jenn paused before she replied, "The party didn't really happen, so I thought I could crash here instead of driving out to my dad's." That was close enough to the truth if it came up later in the weekend. "I didn't know you were alone. Sorry if I ruined your plans for the evening." Jenn frowned, and tried her hardest to look Andy in the eye instead of trying to get a glimpse of his cock in the darkened water of the jacuzzi. 

"Jenn, I always enjoy having you around. Of course, you are welcome to spend the night here with me." Andy said as he looked into her beautiful blue-gray eyes. Shit, he thought, did that sound like I was hitting on her?!?! 

Jenn smiled and looked around the yard while she put her thoughts in order. There was definitely a new sexual tension between her and her step-dad. "Why are you sitting in the dark?" she asked. 

Andy coughed and then stuttered, "I like the peacefulness and like to look at the stars." 

Jenn smiled, ignoring the fact that Andy was near sighted as hell and not wearing his glasses. Feeling a little bolder, she sat down on the capstone surrounding the jacuzzi and put her feet into the water, resting them on the first step. Trying to act like it was a casual movement, she spread her legs and then smiled at him. Andy was barely three feet away now, with her pussy about eye level with her step-dad. She was sure that, if it weren't for the dark, Andy would have been able to clearly see her plump, smooth pussy lips sneaking out of her tiny shorts. She almost laughed as she watched Andy struggle to take his eyes off of her barely visible pussy lips. 

"Hey Andy," she said, "there is something I have been wanting to tell you. I hope you don't get too embarrassed, but I wanted to let you know that all of your hard work is paying off. You look great, and you sure don't look like you are in your fifties at all. I mean... um... well... I mean, I just wanted you to know that you should keep it up, because you look really good." 

Andy smiled at Jenn and said, "Thanks Jenn, that means a lot coming from someone like you." 

Jenn bristled at that a bit, unsure what he meant. "Someone like me? What do you mean by 'someone like me?' Am I not the kind of girl that gives compliments? Am I too bitchy to say something nice to my step-dad?" 

Andy had not meant that at all and wanted to clear up any confusion before it got any further. In his haste to reassure her, Andy let his guard down for moment. "No, no, no. That's not at all what I meant. I think you are wonderful. I was just surprised to get a compliment like that from a hot, beautiful young woman!" he exclaimed before he could catch himself. 

"You think I am hot?" 

"Ummm yeah... you are amazing. And beautiful, too." 

"You think I am beautiful?" she asked. 

"Oh, hell yes," Andy replied sincerely. "You have beautiful eyes, and skin and a beautiful face. And your lips are amazing." 

Jenn felt the blood running to her face as she blushed, and at the same time could feel her clit come alive tingling and wanting attention. Her handsome, sexy step-dad had just complimented her lips! "You have noticed my lips?" she asked. 

"Umm... yeah, I have. They are really sexy." 

Jenn decided it was time to stop tip-toeing around. "Noticed them in what way? Like you want to kiss them?" 

"Yes. I have thought about kissing your lips." As he replied, Andy could feel that his cock was now rock hard and standing straight out from his body. He wanted to move to Jenn and touch her, but he willed himself to stand still. Jenn was not making it easy. 

"So you have fantasized about kissing these lips? Have you thought about doing anything else with my mouth?" 

Andy could not believe what she was saying. His smoking hot 18 year-old step-daughter was guiding him to a place he had fantasized about before, but never once had he thought they ever would get to. He looked at her beautiful young face, then had a good look at her tiny, firm tits popping out of her top, her tight, flat belly and then stared at her barely visible pussy lips sneaking out from her PJ shorts. At that point, he was too aroused to care as he told her "Yes, I have. I have fantasized about your wrapping those sweet lips around my big cock. And yes, I have also fantasized about your little pussy stretching around my cock, too." 

"Do you really have a big cock?" she asked coyly, acting like an innocent school girl. 

"Why don't you tell me?" Andy replied as he stood up on the lower step of the jacuzzi and put his thick cock and balls on display for Jenn. 

He bent over and turned the jacuzzi lights, and Jenn could feel lust deep in her pussy as he straightened up and his cock was on full display barely a foot from her face. Jenn gasped when she saw it; Andy's cock was massive! It wasn't as long as some of the cocks she has seen watching porn with Lisa, but it was much larger than any of the inexperienced teenage cocks Jenn had before. Her step-dad's cock was very thick and the veins stood out on it like no cock she had ever seen. Despite its size, Andy's thick cock stood straight out from his body; it was as hard as any 18 year-old cock she has seen. 

Now that she was finally up close and personal with her step-dad's dick, she could see that he was circumcised, and that the tip of his cock was huge. It looked like a small apple and Jenn's mouth started watering thinking about trying to get her lips around it. Holy Fuck, she thought, no wonder mom is so noisy when they fuck! Andy's cock is serious pussy stretcher! Jenn was so fixated on his thick, hard cock that it took her a moment to notice his huge balls hanging between his muscular thighs. Just when thought her pussy couldn't get any wetter, the sight of those big, smooth balls made her even hornier than before. 

Jenn came out of her trance-like state when Andy bent over and she realized he was going to kiss her. His lips were soft and warm, and he pressed them against hers with just the right amount of pressure. After a moment or two, he lightly flicked his tongue and waited for her to open her lips and for her tongue to meet his. They kissed for a minute or so, and Jenn realized that Andy knew how to touch a woman. The boys she usually kissed were either rough and impatient, or mushy and slobbery. Her step-dad was a different story; confident and in control, but not impatient or rough. Now that she understood what it was like to be kissed by a real man, she wondered if he was as good with the rest of the sexy stuff. 

She didn't have to wait long to find out. After more passionate kissing, Andy pulled back and said, "That is one fantasy about your lips that has come true. How about the other one now?" He moved so that is thick, swollen cock head was just inches from her mouth, and then waited for Jenn to make the next move. It was Jenn's turn to surprise her step-dad; she loved sucking cock and was very good at it. She loved the feel of a hard dick on her full, generous lip and she believed that her mouth and throat were made for cock sucking. She had never had much of a gag reflex to begin with, and with a little practice she could deep throat all those teenage cocks without a problem. It was certainly going to be a challenge handling Andy's thick, rock hard cock in her mouth but she was going to enjoy trying. 
