 Summary: Nerd takes his submissive mom's final hole... her ass.

Note 1: This is dedicated to the real Jeni, who told me about this BIG FAT COCK... although her story wasn't told in the first story and isn't in this one either.

Note 2: This is the second part in a potentially lengthy story of one nerd's discovery of the power having a BIG, FAT COCK can have.

BIG FAT COCK: A Hot Mommy Seduced is a lengthy tale where Kevin learns from his divorced father, who has often been out of the picture, that having a BIG FAT COCK makes you irresistible to women. Kevin begins to use this power on a few MILF women, experimenting with his newfound power as he gears up to using it to seduce his ultimate fantasy conquest: his own mother.

Note 3: Thanks to Tex Beethoven who loved the first part and suggested a more complex story of a young man coming to grips with who he is. He also suggested and worked with me on the plot as we went back and forth. I hope you enjoy. Also, thanks to Tom for the anal rimming idea.

Note 4: Thanks to Tex Beethoven, Robert, and Wayne for editing.

Continuing right after part one... BIG FAT COCK: Anal Mommy 

As we both recovered from our second orgasms... my second load still leaking out of her cunt... Mom asked, "So tell me everything."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"How you switched so suddenly from shy and nerdy to expert cocksman," she smiled.

So for half an hour, mixed with both of us going pee and rehydrating with some H20, I told her of my entire wild week and a half of learning the power of my big cock.

After listening intently through my lengthy, almost unbelievable, story (a fictional porn story would be more believable), meanwhile stroking my cock which was finally flaccid, Mom, insatiable now that she had a big, fat cock available in her own house again, finally asked, "And all this was because you wanted to seduce me?"

"Partly," I agreed, before adding, "you know from my story I'm not a one-eager-cock-slut-only kind of guy, even though two weeks ago I was totally inexperienced with anybody at all. So a large part of my whoring around was just because I'd learned that I could, kind of like a natural foods kid released into a candy store; but the entire time, I was obsessed by my hope that I could manage to fuck you."

She sighed, as she leaned her head down in an attempt to get my cock hard again, "Like father, like son."

As she took my cock into her mouth, trying to get it ready to give her one more treat, her very own dirty version of trick or treat, although I suppose it was more trick and treat, I said, "A couple of weeks ago your telling me I was like Dad would have been the biggest insult you could have ever given me."

"And now?" she asked, her tongue swirling around my cock head as my shaft hardened.

"Now I'm not sure one way or the other," I admitted. I still resented him for cheating on my mom, still resented him for leaving us, and still resented him for being such a shitty father... yet, I had him to thank for alerting me to the power I had because of my big, fat cock. Without his setting me on this path and giving me his short list of easy sluts within easy walking distance, I wouldn't be in my mother's bed right now as she sucked my cock in hopes of obtaining a third load.

"You're the best parts of your father," she assured me, my cock now at full mast and saluting my beautiful cock-hungry mother.

"Except I'm bigger," I joked, as I pondered whether she was correct. Or now that I'd discovered the magic power of my big wand, would I turn into an arrogant, sexist, asshole like Dad was?

"And you have more stamina," she added, "do you realize how many hours we've been going at it tonight? And don't look now..." as she straddled me and lowered herself once more on my big, fat cock.

"I'm the Energizer Bunny of big, fat cocks," I joked, as I watched her begin bouncing on my cock.

"Mmmmmmmm," she moaned, cupping her tits.

However, as she rode me, I couldn't get the thought out of my head, Am I becoming my father?

My treatment of all the women I'd been with recently, except for Ms. Chan and my Mother, was almost exclusively one of domination, as I watched them become cock hungry bimbos for the privilege of sucking my cock or taking it in their asses. Truth was, I had no respect for Mrs. Dieks at all, and I wasn't sure of my opinion of the others, which, I imagined, was exactly how my father viewed most women... just pretty packages containing three holes for him to deposit his loads.

I wanted to be more than that.

I wanted to find love.

I didn't just want to find love, I wanted to find love with someone who loved me for me, not because I had a big, fat cock.

I knew then I would have to chat long and often with the one woman who seemed to understand me better than anyone else... Ms. Chan.

But that would have to wait until tomorrow... right now I had a Mom to fuck. Again.

I moaned, beginning to meet my Mom's downward bounces, bucking up into her.

"Oh yes," she moaned loudly. "Fuck Mommy."

After a couple minutes in this position I was getting tired, it had been a long night, so I ordered her, "Lie on your side."

"Mmmmmm, Yes, baby," she moaned, quickly getting off me and rolling onto her right side, eager to please me.

I moved behind her, slid into her wet cunt, moved my left hand around to cup her breast, and began fucking her.

"Oh yes, fuck me, you big-dicked Mommy fucker," she moaned, after a minute or two of deep thrusts.

"You love that we're committing incest, don't you?" I asked, loving mom's wicked mouth.

"I know I shouldn't," she moaned, "but yes, it fucking turns me on to get pounded by my son."

"And being your son's cum slut," I added, pinching her nipple.

"Oh yes," she whimpered, "I love being your Mommy cum slut."

"And tomorrow being my morning wake-up deposit," I continued, loving my power over my mother, loving having her succumb completely to me.

"I do love breakfast in bed," she responded wickedly, her orgasm again building.

"Fuck yourself on your son's cock, Mommy slut," I ordered her, tired from the marathon day of fucking and in the mood to be pampered.

"Yes, baby," she moaned, beginning to bounce back on my cock, her legs clad in nylon wrapping around mine and thrilling me with silky sensations as they glided against my skin.

"Tell me what you are," I ordered, as she really fucked herself.

"I'm a Mommy-Slut," she declared, then corrected herself, "or better, your Mommy-Slut."

"More," I ordered, as my entire cock was engulfed by her furious bucking.

"I'm a son fucker, a bimbo cum slut, a three-hole whore," she listed off, between more moans and frantic fucking.

"I still have one hole to fuck before we make that last one real."

"Any time, Master," she moaned, close to coming.

"I want you to come for me now, my full-time fuck slut," I ordered, feeling my balls boiling again and thinking her ass would have to wait for tomorrow.

She was already a well-trained slut, likely because of my father, so the moment I gave her permission, she erupted, "Yes, oh yes!!"

She stopped bucking as she came, and her body gave in to the intense pleasure. I pulled out, rolled her onto her back and straddled her, sliding my wet cock between her tits.

She smiled, as she squeezed her tits together, "Yes son, fuck Mommy's big tits with your big, fat cock."

I pumped my dick between her tits, another fantasy coming true (literally, as I was about to come), as I groaned, "Ready for your pearl necklace?" One of the many ways she'd already listed she wanted me to shoot my cum.

"Yes, baby, spray your seed all over my neck," she urged me, lifting her head up so she could watch.

"Oh fuck," I groaned, as I fucked her tits.

"Come for Mommy, baby," she encouraged. "Come all over your bimbo fuck slut."

"Aaaaaah," I grunted, as my final load of the evening coated my mom's neck.

"Yes," she moaned, as if having a load of cum jetting onto her was its own orgasmic experience.

I finished coming, leaving a nice artistic load all over her neck and chest area, then got off and collapsed back into the bed.

"Did I finally wear you out?" she asked.

"I am pretty tired," I admitted.

She moved closer to me, leaning against my chest, "Then close your eyes and sleep with me."

"Just sleep?" I joked, even as I reached my arm under her to pull her closer so we were face to face.

"Well, we've already done the other type of sleeping together," she pointed out, kissing my chest.

"That we have," I smiled sleepily, closing my eyes.

"I can't believe we just did that," she said, after a brief pause. Long enough for the adrenaline high to dissipate and for reality to settle in. She'd fucked her son. She'd committed incest.

"We did it three times," I pointed out sleepily.

She laughed, then paused for a while before asking, her tone suddenly one of insecurity, not a tone I was used to hearing from my usually strong-willed Mother, "So Kevin, no regrets?"

What? My eyes snapped wide open and looked directly into hers. "Oh, Mom. You're still my Mom, and I still love you in that role."

"But you also want to fuck my face, pound my pussy and ream my ass," she growled, shocking me, shifting from insecure to confident and nasty in a heartbeat.

 "Is that bad?" I asked with a smile.

"It's very, very bad," she agreed, leaning up and kissing me. She broke the kiss and added, "It's so bad that it's also very, very, very good."

"I love you, Mom," I told her earnestly, kissing her once more.

"I love you, too," she responded, pulling herself closer to me.

I closed my eyes again as I added dreamily, "And I also love that you're my Mommy-Slut."

"And I love that I gave birth to a big, fat-cocked mother fucker," Mom said, as we both drifted off to sleep.

.....

The only thing that could possibly match the thrill of losing my virginity to my mother was awakening to the sensations of my mother sucking my cock.

I opened my eyes and watched her slowly bobbing on my cock for a couple of minutes before I said, "I didn't think you would actually do this... to be my full-service alarm clock."

She looked up and said, "You told me you wanted me to."

"Yes, I did," I nodded.

"And I am your completely obedient Mommy-slut," she said proudly, stroking my cock, "except when I need to be your mother."

"So no regrets?" I asked.

"Only that we waited this long, my love," she said, taking my cock back in her mouth.

"Me too," I moaned, as I moved up onto my elbows so I could watch my Mom worship my cock. Unfortunately, like all my morning orgasms, I didn't last long... maybe two minutes.

She swallowed my cum and kept nursing my cock for a couple more minutes after my load had been fully extracted.

She sat up and said, "I have to get to work. But I expect you to fuck your mother's ass tonight."

"If I have to," I joked over-dramatically, as if it would be a chore.

"Obey your mother young man, you do have to," she teased, squeezing my cock. "Because I can't brag about being your three-hole fuck slut if you don't fuck all three of my holes."

"That's a very good point," I agreed, still in awe of how wonderfully my seduction of my mother had gone... better than planned.

"Yes, this is a lovely point," she agreed whimsically, bending down and giving me one last suck. "Fuck, you're turning me into a complete cock whore."

"Too late, cock whore," I smiled, getting up and slapping her ass.

"Brat," she said, heading out of her bedroom. No, out of our bedroom.

"Have a good day, slut," I called out.

"Be ready to ream my asshole and sodomize the fuck out of me," she called back, words no son ever imagines hearing.

I shook my head at my good fortune before heading to the shower.

Ten minutes later I was at Ms. Chan's and she too had my cock in her mouth. It took much longer than her usual quick morning breakfast protein, since I'd already shot a load in Mom's mouth, but Ms. Chan's expert mouth was very determined. Yet, she noticed I wasn't my usual quick trigger self and asked, with a smile, as she stroked my hard cock, "So congratulations are in order, you're obviously now a mother fucker."

"How do you know?" I asked, hearing Ms. Chan call me a mother fucker feeling so hot.

"Because this load isn't coming so quickly, plus your confidence is brimming even more and if you're allowing anyone else to extract your morning cum besides me, it had better be your mother."

"Yes, it was," I admitted.

"Blow job?"

"Yep."

"Cunt?" she asked.

"Yes," I nodded, loving to hear this sweet Asian in her wheelchair use the 'C' word.

"Asshole too?"

"Not yet," I answered.

"Interesting," she nodded.

"What?" I asked.

"Well, with everyone else you only face fuck and ass fuck, but your mother is the other way round," she observed.

"Meaning?" I asked.

"I don't know," she said, "it's just interesting."

"I plan to take her final hole tonight," I admitted.

"I see," she said, "want to try something a little kinky?"

"Kinkier than fucking my mother?" I questioned.

"Well, not kinkier than that, but a little unorthodox," she said.

"You have me intrigued," I said.

"Bend over and put your butt in my face," she instructed.

"Excuse me?" I asked, that not being what I anticipated her saying.

"Trust me," she smiled, "I'm going to show you a pleasure you didn't know existed."

"What are you going to do?" I asked skeptically.

"Analingus is the correct term, rimming is the most common term, and ass eating is the dirty term," she listed.

"You want to eat my ass?" I asked.

"I'm going to eat your ass," she corrected.

"Why?" I asked, this not sounding appealing at all.

"To introduce you to a side of pleasure you didn't know existed," she answered.

"Isn't it gay?" I asked.

"Taking it in the ass is perhaps gay. Craving sucking cock all the time may be gay. Thinking a guy is hotter than a girl likely implies you're gay. Being pleasured in any fashion whatsoever by a hot Asian slut definitely isn't gay," she responded.

"I don't know," I said.

"Trust me," she said. "Have I steered you wrong at all so far?"

"No," I admitted, still not super excited about this.

"Now turn around and let me see that sexy ass of yours," she ordered.

"Okay," I said, turning around.

"Such a tight ass," she said, squeezing both my cheeks.

"Yeah, it's all my working out," I joked.

"Lately you have been working out a lot," she countered.

"True enough," I laughed at her version of working out.

I felt her pull me closer to her, pull open my cheeks and I stiffened.

"Relax," she said. "This will feel good."

"Okay," I said, although I couldn't. I wanted to say no to her, but she was the one woman in addition to my Mom I respected enough to trust.

I then felt hot breath on my butt, which sent a shiver up my spine.

I was nervous and it was awkward, but then I felt her tongue. It was disarmingly nice. I couldn't explain it much better than that. Her tongue first moved randomly with a swirling pattern, followed by quick taps right on my asshole, then a zig zag pattern, followed by more quick taps and a variety of other movements.

My cock, which had deflated during the discussion of this analingus thingy was back up and raring to go.

Did it feel weird?

Yes!

Did it feel awkward?

Yes.

Did it feel good?

Better than good actually, amazing even. It actually made my cock twitch as I concluded there were erogenous zones in and around my butt that somehow connected directly to my cock.

"Feels good, doesn't it?" she asked, as she purposely blew hot warmth directly on my butthole.

"I plead the fifth," I trembled, not yet ready to give her the satisfaction that she was right.

"Oh, you'll be pleading for the fifth and sixth time pretty soon," she said, bathing my hole with her wet tongue.

Then she slithered her tongue down my butt and close to my testicles, which I discovered were also rather sensitive.

"Oh," I moaned for the first time, my body taking control of the pleasure.

"There you go," she purred, as she returned to my asshole and reached around to my cock. "Mmmm, I think Little Kevy likes it."

"Still pleading the fifth," I moaned, as she began stroking my cock while eating my ass.

"Don't waste that cum," she warned, as she multitasked on me in the most surreal way yet.

"Never," I groaned, as I felt my balls beginning to boil.

Another minute of the double pleasure and I lost control of myself and had to spin around and slide my cock into her mouth and fuck her face.

I didn't last a dozen pumps before I spewed my second load of the morning into Ms. Chan's velvet mouth.

When I was finished, I pulled out and said, "You really are one wicked woman."

"Oh, if you would have only known me before the accident," she said.

"I can only imagine," I said, thinking this was perhaps a good time to dig deeper into her past.

"If there was a submissive slut Olympics I would win gold every time," she said.

"That may be an Olympics I would watch," I said, always hating the two weeks where the world became obsessed with athletics.

"Gather enough sluts of your own and you could create your own version of it," she suggested.

"Best blow job," I said.

"Best rimmer," she shrugged.

I laughed on the fact it was so close to best swimmer. "Fastest cock rider."

"Quickest cum retriever," she said.

"One day I may have to do just that," I said, the idea of such a competition kind of fun.

"Just make sure I get to compete," she said.

"I promise," I nodded.

After a pause, I asked, "Can I ask you something?"

"Of course, always," she agreed, sipping her coffee.

"How can I make sure I won't turn out like my dad?"

"What do you mean?" she asked, even though she knew what I was asking, wanting me to elaborate on my concerns.

"It's just that... sometimes my cock takes control and I turn into an arrogant asshole," I explained.

"Many women like arrogant assholes," she told me, "at least during sex."

"And some like eating assholes," I joked.

"Some certainly do," she smiled.

Getting back to my concern, I added, "But he's always like that."

"And you're worried you'll become just like him," she surmised correctly.

"Exactly," I responded, a worry I couldn't push out of my head. For my entire life until recently I'd been focused on trying to be the opposite of my father, and yet for almost the past two weeks I'd watched myself becoming more and more like him.

"The fact you're asking the question is a good start," she said.

"But how do I make sure I don't?" I asked. "I mean when I fuck someone like Mrs. Dieks, I feel no attachment to her, just dominance. I don't respect her, but I still want to fuck her."

"There are different levels of sexual attraction," Ms. Chan explained. "One level is raw lust, where it's just sex, nothing more."

"I've never felt that way before," I said, pretty sure that was true. Although in fantasy I often went there. Cherry the entitled head cheerleader; Vanessa the rich bitch; Shelly the bully, not to me but to my friend Pamela; Elizabeth the tall basketball player who treated 'lesser' races with disdain.

"Because deep down you're a good man," she said.

"Am I?" I asked, no longer sure.

"Oh, Kevy," she smiled warmly, "the fact we're even having this conversation proves my point. Sex is sex, and when the game is raw lust and passion, you're allowed to become whatever the woman wants, whatever she needs and craves. Some of these women need you to be an asshole for them, and so you become one.
