 Summary: Submissive cum hungry wife trained to be an exhibitionist.

Note 1: This is a Valentine's 2019 Contest story.

Note 2: Thanks to Dan and Kayla who requested this story, and who gave permission and provided the many pictures for it.

Note 3: Due to Literotica conventions, I was unable to share with you the full explicit detail of this amazing photo collection that included much naughtier pics than you will see here. But as I think you'll agree, even so, they're really something!

Note 4: Thanks to Tex Beethoven, Wayne,



My wife is beautiful.



See! I told you.

She's also loves sex and is almost a complete nympho.

On our first date thirteen years ago, she sucked my cock in the car when I went to drop her off at home... while she still lived with her parents.

She swallowed my entire load, and I knew I was in love.

She also has many other endearing qualities that conquered my heart, but those aren't part of this story.

One quality that blows me away and that is part of this story however, is that she's a complete submissive. I mean, she loves going onto her knees or onto all fours at a snap of my fingers.



I mean she's always obeyed, without hesitation, almost any order I gave her.

Unfortunately, that was only in the bedroom.

In public, she was demure, sweet, and no one, not her friends, family or co-workers would ever think in a million years that behind her conservative façade was a cum-hungry, three-hole cum slut.

Maybe it was her smile.



Or maybe it was her eyes.



Either way, she looked more like the girl next door than like a three hole cum slut who craved cum down her throat, on her face, in her cunt, on her tits, in her ass and on her feet.

What made her even more intriguing was that she's a very shy person... an extreme introvert who would rather stay home and read a book than go out and party.

But once it was just the two of us, her inhibitions ended and she turned into a wild, cum hungry slut.

She has amazing 38C tits.



Her prominent nipples are to die for.





I can suck on those nipples all day: they're always hard, but once I suck on them, they get even larger than before.

And her ass... oh God... she has such a juicy ass.



It even looked hotter when I was fucking her:

It also didn't hurt that she loved to play with herself.



And God did she look hot when she felt vulnerable:



Of course she also had a completely shaved pussy and great legs.

And... a wicked tongue and mouth.

I mean, if there were twenty days in a year when her lips weren't wrapped around my cock at some point, I'd be shocked.

I was often awakened by her lips either on mine or on my cock. Or first one and then the other.

I often watched TV while she was bobbing on my cock.

I regularly drove with her head in my lap (when we were on the highway... she wouldn't do it on city streets).

She often insisted on cum for dessert after dinner... but only after a nice facial, of course.



And bedtime almost always included a cum deposit in one of her three holes, or on her face, tits or ass.

And if she was on her period, well, at those times I often got multiple blow jobs... she seriously believed I shouldn't have to sacrifice getting off just because God gave her a monthly cleansing.

Most nights though, period or not, included a lengthy blow job.



Then, of course I would return the favour with some nipple teasing and pussy licking.

Which would be followed by a lengthy fucking.

I loved that she could have multiple orgasms... seeming to surf the wave of the first one even as a second came crashing down just minutes later.



I shot cum on her tits.



Did I mention her perfect fucking nipples???

One evening we begin with missionary style to get each of us going.

She rides me.

I bang her while she's laying on her side.

This particular night we last so long that we even venture into the waterfall position, where my ass is up on the bed, but the rest of my body is draped down to the floor, making the blood rush to my head, creating an entirely new and strange sensation.

Then, as we often do, we end up with my sexy wife on all fours as I pound her from behind.

She bounces back to meet my thrusts and to milk my cock, getting me ready to erupt in seconds.

This time I decide to shoot my load on her juicy ass.



.....

Friday was glory hole night. It wasn't fancy, I'd hung a plastic tarpaulin from the ceiling of our basement to divide the space into two sections and snipped a rather jagged hole into it with a pair of garden shears.

My beautiful wife had become so insatiable in her hunger for cock that we started using Craigslist and inviting a few cocks over to satisfy her voracious lust. ("Please don't arrive before dark, park at least a block away, and let yourself into the house through the side entrance. Proceed down the stairs on your left and quietly wait your turn.")

My wife and I had often discussed having threesomes. Kayla, for such a sweet innocent-looking girl, had some nasty fantasies: bukkake, gangbangs, double penetration, etc., But her shyness and her fear of getting caught by someone she knew, or of her parents finding out, prevented her from doing any such thing.

Yet after months and months, I'd convinced her that a glory hole would be a low risk, high reward adventure.

This was our fourth Friday hosting it, and we already had five guys lined up. The first time it had been just one guy... kind of a letdown. The second time she was able to suck two cocks at once... college buddies. Last week she'd sucked three, including her first black cock, which although impressive, wasn't any bigger than mine.

Today she wanted to try for five.

See how cute and innocent she looks... it's really hard to believe that by the end of the night she would have six loads in her belly... mine being the sixth and final load of the night.



I know some of you will judge me...

Call me a cuckold.

A shitty husband.

Call my wife a slut.

But, the truth is, we love each other....

And her sucking another guy's cock and my watching only enhances that love.

If you don't like it... think we're disgusting perverts.... fuck off and stop reading this.

On the other hand, if you want to join us on our journey together to explore my wife's lust for cock... well friend, I'll keep writing and you can keep reading.

I mean, check out how excited she is... they say a picture is worth a thousand words, and I say those nipples speak volumes.



Like check it out... she's already wet and revved up before the first guy even shows up. See the flush in her cheeks? The 'fuck me' look in her eyes?



Of course, part of me wants to fuck her right then and there... but I resist... all good things cum to those that wait.

I even had her peek into the glory hole:



We hear a knock at the door, and our nine o'clock shows up.

Kayla gets into position just as the guy comes in and pokes his cock through the glory hole.

Kayla purrs, "Nice cock."

The guy orders, "Get sucking, slut."

Kayla loves being called names when she's feeling frisky, she loves enduring the polar opposite treatment from her regular life, and thus why our Craigslist ad included a mention that a guy can call her any name he wishes.

"Yes, sir," she obeys, like she does with me, as she leans forward and takes the only five-inch, but thick, cock into her mouth.

God, I love watching her suck cock.

She's so natural, her head bobbing with a hunger only a true slut can pull off.

Most women, including many porn stars, suck cock robotically... because they don't really love cock... they just do it to please their man or to get paid.

But Kayla... she loves cock... more than anything else.

Well... except maybe... cum.

In the end, cock sucking combines her favourite two things: having a hard cock in her mouth and cum.

She must be really good, since the first guy grunts, and in less than two minutes he deposits his load in Kayla's mouth.

Ten minutes later, the second guy shows up. He's a college student and has an impressive big dick.

Kayla worships it for a good ten minutes, clearly loving every second of having this big cock sliding in and out of her mouth.



When he's close, he orders her to just keep her mouth steady while he fucks it.

Of course, she obeys.



God, she looks so beautiful and happy, doesn't she?

Happy wife, happy home, as they say.

By the last cock, I can tell her knees are getting sore, as although she keeps moving, I can tell she's physically uncomfortable.

Yet like a trooper she keeeps working, sucking the fifth and final stranger's cock.

She even obeys like the submissive she is when he orders, "Show me your tits, slut."



He pinches her nipples, the first one of these glory hole strangers ever to touch her, and my cock rages.

She moans before returning her mouth to his cock and sucking with a new eagerness... it's obvious his touch turned her on.



After she swallows the fifth load, I take her upstairs to our bedroom and fuck the hell out of her. She comes hard, and I follow soon afterwards with a huge load. She swallows half of it and gets the other half on her pretty neck and tits.



The following day, after she told me of the rush she'd gotten showing her tits, I suggested that next Friday we rent a room in a hotel, blindfold her and then have someone come in to face fuck her.

This was on Saturday, the day after the glory hole... and she showed me how much she loved the idea by riding me like I was a bucking horse.

Sunday I baptised her with a couple loads of cum.

And all week I fucked her hard and she came constantly as we talked about the coming Friday.

On Friday itself though, she was a nervous wreck.

I promised her the person I'd picked would be discreet. I'd done some background research on him and he was a banker, had a big cock, and understood that if he wasn't discreet, I might not be either. Honour among thieves and all that: I won't out you if you don't out me.

She agreed, but with a cute nervousness that I found so sexy.

But I knew, once she was in the room, and that cock was in front of her, all her anxieties would go away... she was, after all, a cock slut... and a size slut even more.

I mean, I was a decent length, just under seven inches... and she could easily devour mine without much effort. The lone eleven-inch cock she'd sucked was quite fun to watch during our third glory hole night.

This was her nervous look before we headed out, as we were choosing her lingerie for the night:



We got to the hotel and I went down on her sweet pussy to get her worked up and then, like the bastard I am, I didn't let her come... even though she begged me to.

I told her she'd only get to come once she had a nice warm load inside her from the stranger.

She sighed, "Fine, but you'd better really fuck me once I'm done devouring this big cock."

"That I think I can guarantee," I laughed, loving how insatiable and slutty she became the moment her pussy was stimulated.

A finger inside her.

A couple slaps on her clit.

Some sucking of her nipple.

Some nibbling on her ear.

My tongue parting her shaved pussy.

Any of those had her instantly shifting from good girl to bad girl.

It was the ultimate magic trick... way more impressive than anything Harry Potter could do with his wand, and I wasn't limited to just using my wand.

I blindfolded her... both for her own comfort and to hide her identity... but also because it was kind of hot.

I then surprised her by handcuffing her hands behind her back.

She loved being bound... it enhanced her obedient, submissive experience... but we'd never done that during our glory hole nights.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

"Just adding to the kink," I said.

"But now I can't feel or stroke the big cock," she pouted.



I laughed, "Remember? The plan is for him to face fuck you."

"Doesn't mean I shouldn't be able to stroke it first and feel its massive length and girth," she countered.

"You can check those out with that mouth of yours," I explained.

"Fine," she sighed. "What time is it?'

"He should be here in five minutes," I said.

"Well, then come give me a snack until he arrives," she said. God, I loved how much she loved cock.

"You can wait," I said, enjoying denying her, it always made her even more eager when she finally did get a cock in her mouth.

"You're an asshole," she said, but playfully. It wasn't uncommon for me to refuse her generous offer to suck my cock.

"I've been told that before," I laughed.

She said, "But what guy says no to getting head from his wife?"

"Almost no one," I agreed, just as there was a knock at the door.

"He's early," I said.

"Good, I need a cock in me right fucking now," she said, any trepidation she'd had earlier was gone, now that her pussy was needy and her mouth salivating.

"That I can help you with," I said, going to the door.

I opened it and said, "Hi, you're Bart?"

"I am," he nodded, even taller in person and ridiculously good looking... not that my wife would ever see his face (or that he would see hers).

"Come in," I offered.

He did and exclaimed, seeing my wife on her knees and handcuffed, "Holy shit."



"She's already horny and ready for you," I said.

"Come fuck my face, Bart," my wife demanded.

"Amazing," he said, as he quickly got out of his pants and underwear.

"Nice cock," I said, looking at his eight-inch plus cock.

"Thanks," he said, not at all bothered by my unusual compliment.

"Hurry up," my wife begged in frustration.

"Quite the impatient nymph," he chuckled.

"I know, it's quite a tough life I live," I laughed in return, as he got onto the bed.

"Just shove that big dick in my mouth," she demanded nastily.

"As you wish," he said, standing on the bed before her and sliding his big dick into her open mouth.

Instantly my wife began bobbing.

Hungrily.

"You're a lucky man," Bart said, as he watched my wife going to town on his cock.

"Don't I know it," I agreed as I watched, my cock hard in my pants.

She moaned on his cock in response to the compliments, each forward bob taking a bit more of his monster cock into her mouth.

"That's it, baby, deep throat that cock," I encouraged, as I sidled around to get a closer look.

"Yeah, slut, take it all," Bart said.

"You can face fuck her if you want," I offered, "just use her mouth however you wish."

"That's awfully generous of you," he chuckled.



My wife backed away from the cock and said, "You have a great cock, sir."

"Thanks, you have an amazing mouth," he returned a compliment, as she licked down his shaft and did what very few cock suckers did, she sucked on his balls. "Oh, fuck, yeah, suck on those balls," he groaned.

"Such big ones," Kayla purred, sucking on one.

"And I have a week's plus load in there for ya," he said.

"Mmmmmmm," Kayla moaned in a way that would make any man's cock flinch.

"Now get back to sucking," he ordered, clearly turned on by my wife.
