 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

Author's Note: I am recovering from repeated surgeries on both arms to correct a degenerative nerve condition. To write this, I use voice to text software which isn't always accurate. As my recovery will take considerable time, I have decided to continue writing and give my best effort at doing the thing I love. Please, if you spot any typos or grammatical mistakes, consider volunteering as my editor to allow me to write more stories more frequently with better quality.

Thanks to larry74403 for editing this piece.

*****

Night terrors.

Imagine every night, going to bed, to a knowing nightmare. You wake up screaming, believing some insidious, invisible, unknowable monster did things barely describable. 

Who can really articulate their dreams? 

Even the ones that seem so vivid crumble as we try to add words to a fleeting narrative. Through the expression has been overused by lazy writers for centuries, there is something about our nightmares that can't be put into words. Something that seeps into our imagination, ripping out the terrors and tragedies of our daily life only to rearrange them into a deranged, delusional hellscape.

Now I don't know anything about night terrors personally, except what my wife and daughter try to describe. Not that I don't have my own issues with sleep. It seems to run in the family. Maybe that's why it's so invasive for Chloe. Our only daughter has never seemed able to make it through the night without an incident. When she was little, it scared the shit out of me to hear her scream bloodied murder, sitting upright in her bed as though summoned by Satan. 

We were reluctant to medicate her when she was young. So many nights I carried her off into our bed, letting her sleep between us, soothing her when she woke up in a cold sweat, unable to say what was happening inside her head. But both of us knew; we'd already had enough experience just the two of us.

My wife Karen has the same diagnosis, even though the symptoms differ. She takes medication, which tends to mute or muffle her more extreme episodes. It makes her groggy in the morning and prone to falling asleep immediately after work. She also occasionally overpowers her dosage, waking up unsure of who I am and what's going on. There have been times that she's lashed out, kicking, punching, but never really screaming.

Not like Chloe.

She could shake the rafters with a bloodcurdling scream. Though most kids grow out of night terrors, Chloe seemed to get worse even as she passed her 18th birthday. We ended up trying everything, lifestyle changes, drugs, even herbal remedies like Sleepy Time tea. I would've waived a crystal over her head if I thought it helped. 

She was such a smart girl, but the changing cocktail of meds and sleep deprivation took its toll. Chloe barely finished her senior year, almost telecommuting. Papers, essays, tests, everything was late. Thankfully the private school was kind enough to provide accommodations for unique situations. Her most recent medication left her prone to sleepwalking. Short of reversing the lock to her room, which Chloe and Karen balked at, I didn't know what to do.

Thankfully I have a mild case of insomnia. It's nothing severe, not compared to everything that my girls go through. Just enough of a problem to be mildly irritating. When I'm whiling away the midnight hours, I tend to pour over obscure works of history. I was in my study, pouring over Robert Massie's book 'Peter the Great' when I was startled by the squeaky screen of the front door creaking open.

Part of me wanted to go and grab a gun. It was that eerie type of night when the shadows seem to spell out warnings on the wall. The type of evening where every bump, every tap, every natural sound ignored in the safety of broad daylight seems to indicate the existence of a darker portal of hell. The pit gaping up through the most innocuous of objects, waiting for the hairs on your neck to lower just enough to strike.

I followed the sound, my hands clenched into fists. My rational mind convinced me that there was nothing to worry about. It was just my imagination. There is something empowering about being a man in these moments. In the night, every fear no matter how long sequestered breaks free to roam, marauding in the darker recesses of the mind. But someone with a family might consult himself with the knowledge that whatever vile creature waits in the shadows, it is up to the man to bump back against the night. Better to be eaten first while the family escape.

Then I saw the open front door.

I thought about going for the gun, instead, I grabbed a fire poker, scanning first through the living room, then going immediately for Chloe. The covers were thrown across her bed, almost as if she had been taken after a fight. That I hadn't heard anything didn't really register. I went running out of the house, expecting to see a nondescript white van speeding away, preparing myself for the inevitable taken style phone rant where I would have to embellish my series of skills.

I flip houses.

Maybe it's easier to joke about it. It's a way of pushing down that unimaginable sense of loss and usefulness. That terror panging any parent fearing for their kid's safety. It doesn't matter how old they are, how grown they think they are. My whole life seemed to have walked out the door. Everything that mattered gone, sucked up by some psycho in an instant.

Then I saw her.

I traced her shadow first, flickering against the streetlamps and getting my attention. It was hard to make out at first, harder to realize what had happened. She was halfway down the block, walking absently down the street.

Completely naked.

I could see the cleft between her ass as she took each step, her pale skin almost shining against the moonlight. It took a second, but my mind finally managed to switch gears, processing the scene every father tries to push out of his imagination. No dad wants to see his baby girl strutting around naked at the peak of her sexual maturity; it brings up desires constantly forced down. Only now I knew there was no choice but to face upfront every one of her fine, barely legal features. 

Chloe nearly stumbled, keeping a steady pace as she sleepwalked. Accidentally showing off everything to the neighborhood. Her full breasts seemed to bounce out from the sides of her slender frame as she made her way further from the house. Thank god it was past midnight. Thank god no one would have to know what I was about to do. 

Somehow, I shook myself into action, chasing after her, my bare feet banging against the merciless concrete path. Ignoring the pain, I caught up to her in a few seconds. The real question was what I should actually do with her. I tried following her for a few steps, the whole time doing my best to avert my eyes from those large, half-dollar shaped nipples. 

I called her name, trying to jolt her awake. I've heard all of the rumors about never waking a sleepwalker, but I've never believed the bullshit. Besides which is worse, whatever neurological damage that might happen, or my kid walking right out of the traffic. 

I made the easy pick.

I'll admit I hesitated for a second. I wasn't sure where to grab on my daughter's body as she continued steadfastly on her journey to God knows where. I'd given up on averting my eyes. I wasn't staring, or at least I wasn't trying to. But I couldn't help notice her breasts as I stood in front of her, trying to stop her, imploring her to regain some semblance of reason. 

Her tits were significantly larger than Karen's, it was hard to imagine them being related by bust size alone. Her boobs fell down a little bit, bouncing with each step. Her nipples, a darker shade of pink, round with tips that seemed almost hard. It was a shock to see my baby girl completely exposed. Yes, I'd seen her in bikinis, the cups clinging against the wet, porcelain skin. I'd even seen the outline of her nipples, hardened against tops that were too tight. I protested when she went out dressed in an outfit that seemed too skimpy, showing too much skin, fixating the eyes on those tempting curves. 

There was no denying that her body had completely developed. She was now gorgeous woman. And try as I could to put the image out of my mind, behind my eyes existed a full-bodied fully functional sexual creature unable to completely tear out each vile thought as it popped into my puerile brain. I tried to focus, thinking of what to do as I put my hands out. Only to have her walk straight towards me, those breasts quite nearly running against my open palms. I sidestepped her, letting her continue to walk, reassessing my strategy.

I grabbed her around the waist, carefully trying to avoid any of her more intimate areas. But at this, her reaction, resistant though not quite awake, prevented any sense of propriety. She wriggled, she shook, she tried to worm her way out of my grip. 

I wasn't letting her go, even as she fought tooth and nail to try and get away. It helped that I was at least a foot taller than her, but I began losing the effort as I tried so desperately to avoid touching anywhere inappropriate.

At first, it was her ass, pushing back against me, making contact with my crotch as she tried to propel herself forward. Then as she moved around, trying every angle. I could feel my fingers touch against the under areas of her breasts, holding each up as though I was positioning them for a fashion shoot as she fought. Thankfully I didn't need to go lower. I didn't know exactly what I would do if placed in the position of having to touch her pussy.

Still, this interaction was enough. Her tight bubble butt was moving up and down on my penis. Much as I tried to force what was happening down, my cock started to stir against her naked body. It was too much, my hand feeling the bumps at the beginning of her nipples as she flailed around. The friction of her ass rubbing against my waist stiffened my shaft, almost as if the result of her intentionally grinding against me. Try as I might force down the unwanted feelings, as she moved against me, my head rubbed against the part of her ass, completely hard and engorged.

There was a moment as we fought that seemed to slow, where I involuntarily took things in the wrong way. I'm not sure exactly what I was doing, only trying to stop her. But still, it was almost like I was dry humping my own daughter. If I'm being honest, I went on with the wrestling longer than I care to admit, much longer than I should have allowed. Still, it was over in seconds, quick enough for me to dismiss my urges. 

It's easy to blame the situation. To say that I was simply overwhelmed by the strange circumstances I found myself in that night. That I couldn't be expected to know what to do. But I know at least two or three times my body moved back against her, my cock in my sweatpants aligning so perfectly with her bare ass to piston myself up and down her cheeks. I couldn't help it. The pleasure seems to radiate all through my body. Another lizard part of my brain seemed to take over at least momentarily until I brought myself under control.

Then with a surge of rage, mostly at myself, I grabbed Chloe around the waist, hoisting her up over my head and onto my shoulder. I gave her the fireman's carry down the street convinced that any moment someone from the neighborhood could see me in what appeared to be a sexual abduction. I was surprised not to hear the sound of the police car as my oblivious teenage daughter kicked and thrashed her way through the front door.

I wanted a witness, as much for my own sense as Chloe's. So I went straight to our room, turning on the light. As I pushed her down on the bed, she continued to fight. She balled up little fists, pounding against my chest. Her legs parted and I caught myself staring down in between her legs, noticing that there was only a tiny little strand of pubic hair styled in the shape of a heart above her tender sex. Again, I didn't know what came over with me, it's not like I had noticed her growing beauty before. But maybe there's just something in the male libido that makes his eyes gravitate to whatever is in front of them. There it was, my daughter's vagina. Small, tight, seemingly untouched, hypnotizing me...

"What's going on," Karen rolled over, groggily murmuring the words.

It was enough to shake me out of my state of sexualized stupor

"I'm sorry honey, I need you to shake it off. Something's wrong with Chloe."

Karen's drugs are severe, they tire her out. But there's something about waking a mother up in the middle of the night to say her baby is in trouble. Karen stepped to me towards me, suddenly alert. 

"Oh my God what happened. Where are her clothes? Is she hurt?"

She shook off the blanket, absently ignoring her own state of undress. Karen regularly sleeps in only her panties. I could see her smaller B cups unashamedly pressed up against Chloe's shoulder as she held her close. She spent everything trying to soothe her startled child, rubbing her back, stroking her hair, whispering soothing utterances of assurances. All manner of propriety was forgotten as their naked bodies touched in a natural embrace. Then Chloe involuntarily dropped her head, burying her face in her mother's breasts.

There was something almost wholesome about the gesture. Chloe reached her hand up, curling her fingers around her mom's smaller nipples. The pose looked almost innocent, as though Karen were still a new mother with her baby clinging to her bosom. But Chloe's tempting teenage body sexualized the situation for me, especially as her boobs eclipsed her mother's. Still, there was something almost weirdly natural about the tableau. It made me feel like a creep for leering at the two of them, for eroticizing the lesbian angle about breasts Chloe was nearly suckling on again. And for a brief moment, I put my sinful imaginings aside, letting the pair revert into their former selves. The taboo nature of the act forgotten in an overt act of love.

"There there, there there, shhh baby, shhh..."

The words came out as though 18 years in the past. There's something truly special, truly significant about a mother's love, unguarded, unleashed, unadorned. She stroked her daughter's blonde hair, holding her head, clutching her close as she continued speaking softly to her. Chloe's eyes fluttered for a second, threatening to open, to begin again the wild, frantic fight. Then she shut her eyes tight, allowing herself to be soothed. 

Karen moved her hand over our girl's temple, softly singing a quiet, almost breathless lullaby.

"Jai Guru De... Va...`` She sang. "Om..."

How many times had she rocked Chloe to sleep singing the same old Beatles song? How many memories had we made together in this old house in these 18 years? And how could now, even after all this time, even at the cusp of adulthood, could anything really be so different? Could anything be too much for a mother's love?

"Nothing's gonna change my world."

They lay down together, daughter nestled against mother. Chloe didn't resist, letting herself fall into Karen's arms. She wrapped herself around her child. Spooning her, Karen kept her arms clutched around her baby, one arm across her breasts, the other covering her bellybutton. Chloe settled into a steady sort of sleep, her face now vacant and serene. It was almost angelic, a pure moment of beauty, descending on the earth, basking us with this idyllic image.

Only my mind turned it into something impure, thinking again about how my wife's tits were pushed against Chloe's back.

"Lay down," Karen said. "We may need you if someone wakes up."

I covered them both up together with a simple sheet, then lay down, Chloe positioned in between us on the king-sized bed. 

I certainly wouldn't sleep through the night.

*****

"What if it happens again?" Karen asked her hands on her hips. 

She stood in that definitive I'm not taking no for an answer.

"She's too old to sleep in her parents' bed," I said stubbornly. "Besides last night..."

"Tell me you are mature enough not to get excited around your own daughter," Karen said sternly.

I shrugged.

"I'm not made of stone," I said. "It's not that I was trying to think of it. Just... well, she's a beautiful teenage girl."

"And you're a horny old man. I get it, and normally I would not consider allowing you to share a bed with such a fetching young thing, but..."

"I know, I know it's just... it's hard to unsee some things. Look I'm not saying I want to do anything or even to think it, but it's like the sight of her is burned into my head. I'm trying not to think about it, believe me, it's something dad never needs to see, but-"

Thankfully she finished for me.

"But the more you try not to think about it the more it forces its way into your head," Karen said. "I get it."

She moved a little closer, her hand touching my arm, holding onto my bicep as she kissed me.

"I don't think any less of you," Karen said. "I don't know how you could've handled things any better. I've spent all day grateful that you happen to be awake last night before someone else found her like that. But I called the doctor, we can't just take her off the pills cold turkey. Slowly, we're gonna need to wean her off. Until then who knows what she could do?"

"I know... But it's just well..."

She smirked.

"I think I know what you're afraid of missing out on," her hand traced down my chest and touched just above the buckle on my belt.

Even after all these years, Karen still looked irreproachable gorgeous. She maintained through meticulous exercise an athletic body that could beat any soccer mom. Even with her hair done up, her make-up not really done, she was drop dead gorgeous. It was all I could do to keep my hands off her. 

"I mean, it'll be hard to go without," I said.

On a good day, I could cum two or three times. It had become a pattern for Karen to give me off in the morning and at night. Most times I return the favor, but my wife would take a day or two to rest here or there.

"Maybe I could make it up to you right now. Call it in advance,"

She sank to her knees in the kitchen, careless about Chloe sleeping in her room. She undid my belt, pulling out my cock the practiced motion. I grew almost instantly in her mouth, the head of my cock swollen and eager to explode. She bobbed up and down, taking every single inch inside of her as though her mouth was made for this exact purpose.

As she sucked, Karen looked wide-eyed up at me, her face wearing an expression of pure delight. It always pleased me how honestly she enjoyed devouring my dick, never slowing or stopping until she swallowed every drop. As I gently guided her head with my left hand, I considered how lucky I was to have such a fine woman. A wife still in the prime of her beauty, eager to slurp up and down my balls as she stroked tenderly at my shaft. I looked down at her cleavage, just showing through her skin tight shirt.

Without warning, my mind replaced her breast with the image of my daughter's, bouncing and bounding down the street towards me, my hands nearly clasping around them. As the cum worked its way up my balls and out my shaft, I thought only of Chloe. I imagined her lips pursed around her father's tool, learning to take every inch and her youthful mouth. I tried to banish the thought, to replace it with the times that I had blown my load all over my wife's tits, on her face, even in her ass.

Only my mind turned each image into my daughter, Chloe replacing her mother in every scenario.

As I erupted into my wife's mouth, the head of my cock pulsing with a heavy stream of semen that she swallowed greedily, I couldn't tear my mind away from my baby girl.
