 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

Disclaimer: This story is a work of fiction. It involves elements of incest, memory loss, and questionable consent. All characters are at the legal age of 18 or older.

*

"What do you mean you are doubling my rent?" Sophia couldn't believe her ears. "I've had problems with the heater for two months already and now you are throwing that in my face?" She quickly went to fetch a few papers. Her finger pointed at various paragraphs that highlighted other issues with her apartment. She wasn't an idiot and wouldn't be fooled so easily. The rent was outrageous already, but doubling it was nothing short of highway robbery.

Her landlord shrugged in response while he stroked his scruffy beard.

"Take it or leave it." He stood there with a smug posture. It was clear that he would come out on top regardless of what her choice would be. Either he would get rid of a bratty tenant, or he would collect enough money to tolerate her a little longer.

"Ohh you can bet your ass I'm leaving!" The furious teenager slammed the door shut and sank to the ground. She hung her head low in defeat. The scarlet locks of her hair draped down in front of her face and cast a shadow that concealed her displeased expression.

This wasn't how she imagined her first few months in college to be like. Stress, responsibilities, and unexpected bumps in the road. She reluctantly dragged herself to her phone to make some important calls. There was no other way.

She would need a place to stay at until she found a new apartment. Surely it wouldn't be difficult to stay at a friend's place for a while.

Unfortunately, her streak of bad luck hadn't ended.

None of her friends were up to the task, most of them were sharing a small dorm room with another student. Others still lived at home and didn't have to pay a single cent of rent.

If that were at all an option for Sophia, she would've jumped on that chance immediately. But their situation was probably much simpler. It's true, the only number she hadn't called yet was her father's. She hadn't had much contact with him ever since her parents' very ugly divorce.

If at all possible, she really would've preferred to wait until that dust settled. Maybe even until they got back together. Every child wishes for nothing but to have their parents living together until the end of all days...just like in those romantic fantasy novels. It's a shame that reality often wasn't as neat and perfect.

Still, she was low on money and didn't have much of a choice. It was time to get back in touch with him.

A week passed before she could make the trip to the distant place she grew up at. An Uber drove her all the way out of the city, and into an idyllic little patch of wilderness near the mountains. It was a sight to behold! Nature as far as the eye could see. Which may be awesome as a little kid, but not so much if you're trying to get a proper education and need access to a university. Sophia knew she wouldn't be able to stay for long, it was just too cut off from the rest of the world.

Another hour passed before they arrived, way out there.

The log cabin had been built to last. It had also been built to be remote. It was miles away from the nearest village, and sat in wide-open meadowland near the foot of a mountain.

The setting and the view were dream-like; it was the perfect spot for a getaway vacation. For a small girl just growing up, though, the isolation wasn't very conducive to forming friendships or developing social skills.

Even the dreamlike setting seemed frayed to her now.

The garden just outside the building looked neglected. The flowers were wilted and the bushes were overgrown. There was just too much upkeep involved for a single person to take on.

Sophia sighed. She had repeatedly advised her father to get an apartment in the city, but her old man was just as stubborn as she tended to be.

Sophia gave herself a mental shake. Regardless of what had been advised, and how things had worked out, she was here now. She was visiting her recluse of a father because she had no other real options.

She took her suitcase and rolled it up to the front door before ringing the doorbell. Things were quiet for a moment, until her father opened the door and she finally got to see him again for the first time in months. He looked remarkably happy to see her! Although it did take her aback for a moment to see someone wearing little more than a shirt and underwear, but it was a hot summer day. These old cabins weren't built with a modern AC to keep the temperatures down.

Despite her earlier confidence, guilt invaded her precious mind once more as she remembered the details surrounding the divorce. Her father's wife -- her mother, had cheated on him with another guy -- and while Sophia hadn't even known of her mother's infidelity until after the house had been turned upside down, she was still her mother's child as much as she was her father's. That's the thought she couldn't shake off. Half of her was undeniable bad -- at least as far as he was concerned. Maybe she shouldn't put this kind of pressure on him, she thought. Surely, she would be able to find another place to stay at, at least temporarily.

"This is...it was a bad idea, sorry. I'm just gonna-"she felt herself interrupted mid-sentence as his hand quickly reached for her shoulder.

"Don't be like that." He pulled her in for a warm embrace and held her for the longest time, to cherish her warmth. "You will always be my princess, and you will always be welcome. It's your home too, right? Come on in, I really don't mind. It would benefit both of us anyway. Lord knows I hadn't had company in a while." When their emotional moment came to an end, she rolled her suitcase inside and had a look around. He had taken care of the interior well enough, no visible dust or dirt. It certainly looked better than the apartments of her previous boyfriends -- guys tend to get sloppy when they live alone. But this was a pleasant surprise.

"It looks nice in here," she smiled warmly. "I see you have been keeping yourself busy!" Her curious gaze kept wandering about.

"Yeah." He lifted her luggage and began to carry it upstairs while she continued investigating the state of the house. It was an upsetting discovery when she opened the fridge and found nothing more than beer and plenty of frozen meals. Her mother used to cook proper meals each and every day. It was always fresh. This certainly wasn't.

It also reminded her of her father's past -- he used to be an alcoholic. At least according to her mother's stories, those habits died as soon as mom had taken charge.

But old habits die hard, apparently. On the other hand, it's not like she hadn't seen other guys with nothing but beer in the fridge. Her father lived like a bachelor, that's...acceptable right? It certainly could be a lot worse.

"Help yourself to one if you're thirsty," he pointed out as he returned.

As she took a closer look at him she easily noticed the signs of his lifestyle. A beer belly. He was certainly a lot chubbier and out of shape than he used to be. Which was a shame -- he could easily find himself a new wife if he were to put a bit of effort into himself. As it appeared, he had given up on finding any other woman...for the time being anyway. People deal with grief in different ways, can't blame him for leaving the dating pool after the woman he loved had jumped in bed with someone else.

"I uh...I'm fine," she refused his offer. The idea of drinking booze so early in the day was too weird. In addition, she had no intention of supporting her dad's new drinking habits.

In order to find another topic to talk about, she took a quick glance around the room only to realize something was amiss. In particular, a large family portrait that used to decorate the walls was no longer present.

As her suspicions rose, she peeked into the hallway again and noticed the pattern -- all of her mother's pictures had been removed. "Where did they go?" She returned to the kitchen and gave her dad a quizzical stare. "What did you do with mom's pictures? I can't see any of them, anywhere?"

Her father approached and gave her a reassuring -- and slightly condescending -- pat on the shoulder. "You're asking where your mother's things are?" He pointed at the trash can in the corner of the kitchen. "That's where they went. I'm sorry princess, but your mother messed up real bad. The last thing I want to deal with is to see her picture on every wall. The family is fine like this, just you and me. We don't need your mother, now do we? We don't."

"Dad!" She rushed to the trash can and opened it, but of course there was nothing but a few empty bottles of beer. He must have discarded the pictures a long time ago. "I... don't think you had to go that far."

"It's a bit late for regret."

A long silence followed.

She could scold him, but was it her place to do so? He was a grown man, she was just a child in comparison. There's no denying that he was bad at dealing with loss, though. The booze and the frozen meals were plenty of evidence. If only he would find a new girlfriend, someone experienced enough to help him get better...things would be perfect in no time.

"Anyway, if you don't drink beer, how about some water instead?" His hand reached for one of the clean glasses from the sink, which he placed under the tap. Unfortunately, the old pipes didn't do their job and not a single drop of water came splashing out.

Sophia looked at him, then back at the tap. "Problems with the pipes?"

"No, it just takes a while sometimes. So uh...how are your studies going?" he inquired to try and distract her from the poor state the house was in.

Her response was a shrug. "Good enough. It's a lot harder than high school, that's for sure." The tap finally spat out some semblance of water but without any real pressure behind it.

It was visibly frustrating to him. "I don't know what's up with the pipes recently, but the maintenance company is contacted anyway. It's just temporary. They'll take care of it. Come on, let me give you a cold one instead."

"Ah-huh."

Maybe things weren't as well as they initially appeared. The façade was slowly crumbling.

Despite the small issues, the two family members continued chatting for a while longer. It was a good opportunity to catch up. While Sophia spent most of the time talking about her experiences regarding school and work, her father mostly talked about how tough it was to live in the middle of nowhere on his own, and that it can get pretty lonely.

Since she didn't want to be a bad guest, she also begun drinking the beer he had offered. Just one at first. Then two, and then some more. She also changed into a more comfortable outfit. Considering her dad only wore a shirt and underwear, she decided to do the same. The temperature up in the mountains was warmer than in the city, and it's not like she had to be afraid of any surprise visitors catching her in her undies.

Before long, they found themselves in the living room in front of the TV. The selection of entertainment was pretty limited. They received only a dozen or so channels because the cabin was located in the midst of an area with very limited reception. It also didn't help that the connection kept getting interrupted, which made for a poor experience. There were other things she would rather do.

"You know what," she began. "I think I'll just go upstairs for a bit and study. I can't attend any classes while I'm here...until the apartment situation is sorted out. So I really can't afford falling behind with the material." Upon trying to stand up on wobbly feet, she noticed just how much the cheap booze had impacted her. Even her words came out more slurred than she was aware of.

"Wh-whoa..." she stuttered as she sat back down on the couch. A brief glance at the beer bottle's backside confirmed her suspicions, the stuff was twice as strong as the stuff sold in the city! It packed a serious punch. If she wasn't more careful, she would be in for a rough hangover in the morning.

"Nonsense, come on. You just arrived! Here, hold up. I got an idea," he responded before he got off the couch and visited the kitchen. He returned with another six pack of beer and put it down nearby before crouching down by the TV and inserting a tape into the connected player. Seconds later, the screen flickered and changed to an old and faded recording.

It was of their family's summer vacation, many years ago.

"I had no idea you saved those tapes!" Sophia's eyes widened. There she was, her mother, lying on the beach in a beautiful bikini underneath a large umbrella. Especially the umbrella brought back some very awkward memories...

Mother and daughter shared the same weakness for sunshine. Neither of the two women had been good at getting a tan, her mom would usually just get sunburns, and Sophia had plenty of freckles as proof for her own attempts at getting a tan.

Summer always meant they had to hide in the shade. It was the biggest downside of being a redhead.

There had been plenty of times she wished to have inherited some of her father's traits instead, but she grew up to look almost identical to her mom. Which made her wonder plenty of times just which parts of her father she inherited.

"I had no idea you saved those tapes! Why them and not the rest? I thought you tossed her stuff away?" Maybe he had an emotional side, she began to ponder.

"You kiddin' me?" he chuckled. "Thought that'd be obvious," he continued while reaching for two of the beer bottles and cracking them open.

He redirected her attention to the screen. "Sure, she couldn't keep her legs shut, but just look at that body! The one thing I want to keep is that view. Her body has always been so incredibly hot." His gaze was fixated on the screen, lusting for the woman he made love to so many times in the past. Cute tits that were barely concealed by a bit of fabric and bikini panties that were so tiny that they lovingly hugged the woman's cameltoe, it made for a sexily attractive package.

It was something he kept thinking of. He had fucked his wife so many times that her pussy probably still remembered the taste of his semen. After she had left, jerking off just didn't compare to the thrill of pumping her, or any woman for that matter, full of cum. He missed it, as raw and primal as the thought may have been.

It was incredibly awkward to notice her father's urges. She had been with enough men in college to pick up on the signs when a guy began to get aroused, even if she chose to ignore them. This time, though, it seemed impossible for her to ignore the way he was staring at the screen and observing every feature his wife's body had to offer.

It's absolutely great when a guy she's attracted to begins to get horny, of course, but not her own father. This was just weird to observe, thought Sophia. For just a second, she was glad she was a little buzzed. The alcohol didn't help much, but at least for now it was dulling the discomfort she was feeling. Even then, that feeling didn't go away entirely, but she was able to put it aside and stay as her dad continued watching her mom, his ex-wife.

Every once in a while, the camera moved away from her mother and instead took a few close-ups of Sophia instead. She had been wearing a rather plain one-piece swimsuit at the time. But Sophia was surprised to realize it was just as easy to tell that the thin fabric of that long-disappeared swimsuit was barely concealing a blossoming teenage pussy. Her father must have noticed that mother and daughter looked eerily similar long before Sophia realized it herself.

Her dad's touch tore her mind back to reality.

His hand steadily crept onto her thighs and gently squeezed her warm skin. His fingers were thick and seemed brutish to look at, when compared to her own fragile and much younger frame. Both of them were adults, of course, but compared to him she still felt like she was merely a tiny girl. He was so much older that she couldn't see him as anything but her dad, a father-figure. It only made her feel even more awkward.

"Dad! Your hand..." She took another sip of the beer to distract herself. It had a sour and bitter taste, but it was still cold enough to easily slide down her throat without much discomfort. She had a history of being a bit of a party girl, but with the intense beer she was drinking now, she was already past the point where she had a bit too much.

Her body felt all warm and tingly and her muscles were completely at ease. Despite the hand on her thigh, she couldn't work up the energy to throw a fit. And being groped definitely was very high up on the list of things that she usually wouldn't tolerate.

Or maybe she simply didn't want to make a fuss. Maybe she wanted to tolerate it.

Every girl has a crush on her dad at some point in her life, and Sophia wasn't any different. There had been a few situations when he acted as her knight in shining armor.

One time, for example, when she was still a little girl. She had been chased by a deer that had come upon her while she wandered in a forest glade. Her father arrived just in time to scare the deer away.

Another time she had the flu, and her father nursed her back to health and even slept in her room until she was healthy again. He was a great guy, really. Surely this was just a misunderstanding. She fully believed he was a good person.

"It's all right," he reassured her.

Her dad still had a hard time believing his eyes. Ever since she had arrived, he'd been taken by the fact that she looked almost like an exact copy of his wife.

He couldn't help comparing her to his memories of her as a child. She had grown up so incredibly much. Sophia now had delightful feminine curves, her tits were a nice handful, and even her scent was so much more mature. To inhale the air near her now seemed to him as if he was inhaling a faint, sweet perfume. The scent of her teased the senses.

It was too much for him now.

"Just once. I'll be quick," he whispered huskily.

At first Sophia was confused by his words. She'd started hoping that maybe some light groping would already satisfy his urges. But then he slid his hand up to her waist and grasped the soft fabric of her cotton panties. It dawned on her what he meant by quick when he simply tugged her underwear down to her knees and then peeled them off before she even had the presence of mind to even think of trying to stop him. It had come out of nowhere.

Despite her tipsy state, she still had the awareness to look down and fully realize that he had just revealed her naked little cunt with that unexpected action. This was escalating way too fast for her.

Her hairless pubic mound was on full display. The full lips of her labia, and the subtle cleft that highlighted the entrance into her body, were fully revealed to both of them. She had been nude in his presence in the past, but that was when she was younger, when it was innocent.

This felt completely different, he was looking at her with a different purpose in mind. Memories trickled into her thoughts - of listening to her dad and mother having intercourse every single night for as long as she could remember. In particular her teenage years had been awkward because of that...he clearly had a high sex drive. But no, this was still just too weird. It was obscene to play with the thought that he wasn't thinking about the outside of her vagina, but that he was thinking about how the inside of her might feel.

The sight of her naked slit was enough to harden his erection even more.

"D-dad! I'm flattered...really...but I think maybe we should first think about if this is a goohhh-" she was interrupted by being pushed backwards, his broad hands applied pressure on her shoulders and forced her to lie down flat across the couch. The back of her head bumped against the armrest as she watched her dad climb on top of her.
