 The whole disaster began when Rebecca woke up and felt a lump in her throat. She had arrived in Malaysia the day before and was scheduled to perform at a wedding later that morning. The hot shower she hoped would make her feel better, didn't. She was definitely sick!

Private singing gigs were never really her thing. But in the twilight of her career as a pop singer, lucrative opportunities were few and far between. The heiress to a wealthy Malaysian banking family had offered her big bucks and she gladly accepted.

Now, the whole event was in jeopardy and she was panic-stricken. The extravagant wedding would lose much of its luster without her performance. It would truly be disastrous if she pulled out now. 

It was 6:43 a.m. and she was pacing back and forth in the suite's generous living area, dressed only in a thin silk robe.

"Something wrong?" James asked. 

Her son had just woken up, and immediately noticed her agitation when he entered the living area. He was on spring break from college and accompanied her on the trip.

"I think I'm sick." Rebecca was horrified when she heard the rasp in her voice. 

"Oh God, what are you going to do?"

Rebecca pursed her lips. "I'll have to let them know I might not be able to perform. The sooner the better, so other arrangements can still be made for the entertainment."

"That's probably the best way forward."

Her heart filled with dread as she called the wedding planner, who was staying in the same hotel. This was the first time Rebecca had ever canceled a performance. Not only did it deeply wound her pride, it would also be a huge financial loss. 

***

Ling, the fierce young wedding planner, rushed over to Rebecca's suite, already dressed and ready for the busy day ahead. James waited in his room while Rebecca explained everything to Ling. 

"I apologize profusely," Rebecca croaked, as they sat together on the couch. "I'm sure there are plenty of quality singers in Malaysia who could still be booked, even at this late stage."

Ling sternly shook her head. "Please understand, this family wants you because you are famous, Caucasian, American and western. In our society, western performers are held in high regard. Although this is a traditional Malaysian wedding, there are still many western influences. Your appearance is the ultimate status symbol."

She understood Ling's frustration. The importance of her performing at the wedding was emphasized during the negotiations that took place before she agreed to take the gig. Why else would a wealthy Malaysian family pay so much for her appearance? It was heartbreaking that she'd probably have to let them down, especially since the bride was a longtime fan.

Rebecca was at a loss. "Maybe if I drink enough tea with honey, my vocal cords will relax enough for me to be able to perform"

"My mother is a herbalist. I'll give her a call." 

Ling reached for her phone.

"Could she help with a sore throat and hoarse voice?"

"My mother can help with anything," Ling replied confidently. "But her methods are highly traditional. They have been passed down through many generations. Some are quite unorthodox by your western standards."

Rebecca squawked. "I'm open to anything."

"Please wait, I will call her now."

Ling hurriedly made the emergency call. Unlike her super-efficient daughter, Ling's mother was still sleeping, but was glad for the wake-up call from her beloved daughter. They spoke for a few minutes in Malay, and it appeared as though the herbal healer was giving detailed advice.

Ling used her fingers to touch Rebecca's throat, apparently at her mother's direction.

"Any lumps?" Ling asked. "Soreness? Do your tonsils feel swollen?"

Rebecca gulped. "All of the above."

Ling relayed the message to her mother. They spoke for a few more minutes. It appeared several recommendations would be forthcoming.

"We have a solution," Ling said solemnly, after she had ended the call. "But you may not like it. As I've stated, my mother is a traditional herbalist. Her treatment may seem unusual to westerners."

Rebecca sat upright and cleared her throat. "I've always kept an open mind regarding health and healing practices. It doesn't scare me."

"Ingesting something with balanced nutritional properties can be used to improve your condition. As western research has recently confirmed, a sample of male semen has the right blend of nutrients and protein needed to alleviate your symptoms ."

Rebecca raised an eyebrow. "I'm sorry, something must have been lost in translation. Did you just say..."

"Yes, semen. Or 'cum' as you call it in the west."

She was serious! The fact that Ling made her suggestion with a straight face made it even more comical. The only thing Rebecca could do was try and maintain her composure. After all, Ling was well known in the industry and could recommend Rebecca for more lucrative job opportunities in Asia.

"How about I first try some medicine?" Rebecca asked, then coughed. "Surely an assistant could grab something over-the-counter for me?"

"Rebecca, I would like for you to host and perform at the wedding. Giving you medicine might make you drowsy and diminish the intensity of your performance."

"So my only option is... semen?"

Rebecca tried her best to sound serious even though she found the idea to be ludicrous. It was utterly insane but she didn't want to offend her employer. Semen, as a cure for laryngitis? Nonsense!

"Yes, and that's not all," Ling said. "My mother also recommended a method to minimize the swelling of your vocal cords. It involves easing an object with a cylindrical shape down your throat."

"What kind of object?" Rebecca was completely confused.

"If you do decide on the semen treatment, my mother suggests a penis. Your saliva should provide more than enough lubrication. The semen's healing properties will produce amazing results."

Rebecca was still shocked that Ling would suggest such a thing with a straight face. Were customs really so different around the world? Or was Ling's uninhibited style a product of being raised by a herbalist mother. 

"You realize this 'cure' is actually oral sex, right?" Rebecca asked as nicely as possible.

Ling was unfazed. "American women perform this act all the time. Are you saying you've never done it?"

Mild hostility radiated off Ling, as if annoyed by this conversation.

Rebecca sighed softly. "Of course I have, but..."

"Is there a problem? We are paying you a lot of money, which I'm sure you appreciate. It's not easy for us to bring a western woman of your stature here. If you do well, we will hire you for future jobs, and the fact that you performed at this high-profile wedding will allow you to command an even higher fee. Think about that before you reject my proposal." 

Those were all important points. But equally as important, Rebecca thought about how much this meant to the bride, whom she had met in the U.S. a few weeks earlier. The bride, a self-confessed superfan, was thrilled about having her perform at the wedding.

And there's no denying it, the money was more than generous too. Deep down, Rebecca was a realist. Her days of producing hit songs and going on tour were over. Being a mainstream pop star is a young person's game. It may not be fair, but very few women who were in their forties can survive.

Regardless, taking a man's penis into her throat and swallowing his cum was not her idea of a cure for a sore throat. Sure, she enjoyed sucking cock in her personal life and only with treasured partners. But to deepthroat a stranger in a foreign country? Inconceivable.

Rebecca smiled politely. "I'm sure you can understand why this remedy would be embarrassing for me. If you want me to sing, I'm sure some hot tea and honey will allow me to perform a few of my biggest hits. Maybe I can share singing duties with a local singer. I can still host the rest of the event."

For a moment, Rebecca's attempt at reason appeared to be working, but Ling ultimately refused to budge on the matter. The impasse was reflective of Ling's type-A personality.

"You must be the only singer," Ling said firmly. "The family hired you because they want you. I understand your need for discretion and privacy. Perhaps we can come up with a compromise."

Finally! They were getting somewhere and Rebecca felt mildly relieved.

"Yes?"

Ling continued in a detached and professional manner. "Your son is in his bedroom. He is a handsome young man. At his age, he is virile and potent. My mother often recommends finding men his age to donate their time and fluids. Please ask him and do it. The staff can provide you with tea and honey after."

This suggestion was even more shocking than the first! Rebecca was simply stunned that Ling would have the audacity to suggest such a thing. Her own son?! Was this a joke? 

"You can't be serious," Rebecca whispered. "How is that a compromise?"

"It's more discreet this way. Why? You don't think your son is handsome? Women in this country would pay a small fortune to marry someone like him."

Rebecca shook her head and cleared her throat. "That's not the point. He's my..."

Before she could finish her sentence, Ling's phone rang. It was the father of the bride and Ling excused herself to take the call.

Ling spoke for a few moments before returning her attention to Rebecca.

"This is the bride's father," Ling whispered, covering the phone's receiver for a moment. "He insists on having you perform and will double the price because the bride idolizes you. Please, go ask James. I will be here making a few more calls."

And just like that, Ling returned to her phone to discuss some last minute arrangements.

***

While Ling was still on the phone in the living room, Rebecca gingerly knocked on the door to her son's room.

When the door opened, she immediately realized that he'd heard everything. He was clearly amused. 

"I'm assuming you heard all that," she said.

He could hardly hide his amusement. "Mostly. I guess this means we'll have to pack our bags and sneak out of this country."

Rebecca slipped into the room and closed the door. They had to decide their next move.

"Did you hear what Ling said about money just now?" Rebecca asked, coughing quietly to clear her throat.

"No."

"The bride's father will double my fee for the wedding. That's a lot of money."

"You'll get half a million dollars?" James whispered incredulously.

"That's the offer. This country is prosperous and it seems there are many other wealthy families who want to hire me for private events." 

"I'd love to come back to Malaysia again. This place is amazing."

Rebecca shrugged. "I agree, it's gorgeous here and the offer is fantastic. But there's a pretty hefty caveat."

"I know," he blushed.

"What on earth is Ling thinking?" Rebecca complained in a loud whisper. "She wants me to deepthroat you! My own son. And swallow? I'm open-minded to herbal remedies, but this is taking it too far."

Just then she noticed James shift slightly while he stood. Was the horny young man actually considering this?!

"It's totally crazy," he said, almost blushing.

"I'll have to decline. It sounds like an incredible career opportunity, but the emotional cost is too much. Our relationship is much too important to ruin it with such an unthinkable act."

James was silent for a long while. It made Rebecca even more convinced that he was giving this idea some serious consideration.

"Well...."

"Well, what?" Rebecca said, shooting a death glare. "Got something to say?"

"Well, technically it's not a sex act. You heard the lady, there are health benefits to... you know... and the other act could help open your vocal canal. And half a million dollars is still half a million dollars. In a country this rich, there's plenty more where that came from."

Rebecca reached out and slapped James's chest hard with an open palm. The sound echoed in the large bedroom. He got the message.

"There's your answer," she said firmly.

They quieted down when they heard footsteps approaching. As they turned to the doorway, they saw Ling standing there with her phone in hand after the phone call had ended.

***

"I'm glad you two have worked this out," Ling said in a tone that was rather conclusory. "Please come to the living room. I have already informed the bride's father that you will sing. He's spreading the message to everyone that this will be the finest wedding of all. Of course, we have some work to do first."

Rebecca and James looked at each other. They were stunned, almost shell-shocked. Ling took each of them by the hand and gently pulled them into the open spaced living room. They had a beautiful view of the gorgeous morning sunlight streaming in through the window. Ling positioned them so that they faced each other.

Suddenly, and with no warning whatsoever, Ling dropped to her knees in front of James and yanked down his shorts and underwear. This woman was a no-nonsense machine! Clearly she does whatever it takes to get the job done.

And now James's cock was right there. Exposed to her.

Rebecca had not seen her son naked in years. Why would she have? He is an adult. Now, here she was, confronted by his complete and utter nakedness. Why was he semi-erect!? Has he wanted his dick sucked by his mother all along? To her surprise and humiliation, Rebecca could not drag his eyes from her son's cock. She was utterly confused by her own reaction.

Her panic rose when she saw Ling taking James's penis in her hand.

"What are you doing?!" Rebecca asked flabbergasted. 

Ling looked up but continued to rub James's penis. 

"My instructions are to prepare you for the wedding, both physically and orally. In order to sing, you must follow the advice of my mother. I will get your son hard for you."

Rebecca watched as this fierce and dedicated young woman took her son's penis into her mouth without any hesitation whatsoever. James didn't say a word. In fact, James made no effort to resist any of it. Why would he? He was getting sucked off by an attractive young woman.

Rebecca was still frozen in shock. She was watching James getting sucked off right before her very eyes.

Frankly, the fact that anyone has the audacity to do this in front of her nearly sent her into an enraged state of mind. The situation was unacceptable. She was his mother! She couldn't allow her son to be violated like this.

Rebecca dropped to her knees. "He's my son! I'll do it."

She pressed the palm of her hand on Ling's shoulder and Ling backed off, letting the cock slide out from between her lips. A trail of saliva dangled from James's growing erection, connecting to Ling's lips.

Rebecca now found herself trapped in the most awkward position imaginable for a mother. Kneeling, with her son's hard dick inches from her face. She could still see Ling's saliva glistening on James's cock. It bothered her. Could she be jealous? How would her son feel if she took his penis into her mouth?

Glancing up, she was shocked to see a combination of embarrassment and lust in her son's eyes. Could it be that he desired his own mother? Deep down in a recess of her psyche, the thought of sucking him off was quite enticing. He was handsome, smart and funny. Knowing he treated women well, it was possible that he would be the perfect sexual partner.

Should she really take the ultimate plunge?

Rebecca coughed twice and Ling became impatient.

"Is something wrong?" Ling asked, annoyed that this was taking so long. "You must suck your son until he is hard enough to take down your throat. James appears to be a virile young man."

Rebecca wanted to scream, 'A mother isn't supposed to give her son a blowjob! Not for any reason!'

Instead, she looked on passively as Ling caressed her son's balls, as if measuring the amount of potential cum contained within each hefty sac. Ling approached this as purely a business transaction. Her composure was admirable. 

Rebecca, on the other hand, felt her own heart racing away at the idea of sucking her son's cock. Would this make her a 'bad' mother? 

"Is there another way?" Rebecca asked, meekly. "He's my son."

Ling raised an eyebrow. "You don't want his cum? Or you don't want his cock to open your vocal cords?"

"I don't want any of those things. It's... it's still a blowjob. That's very awkward for me."

"Tilt your head forward," Ling said in the most loving voice imaginable, holding out her soft hand and slender fingers.

It was such a soothing sound that Rebecca obliged and leaned forward. In a flash, Ling wrapped her fingers in Rebecca's long hair. She gave a pull.

Rebecca was brought even closer to her son's sex organ. She could smell his arousal and Ling's saliva!

"Open your mouth," Ling said softly. "The blowjob is necessary for healing to begin. It helps loosen your jaw, so that your throat can accommodate his entire penis. What do you call that in America? Deepthroating?"

Rebecca sighed. "Yes."

"Very good. Deepthroating. You are a lucky woman to have a son like this. Look. His cock is perfectly cylindrical with an impressive length. As a singer, you should be thankful he can accompany you in case illness strikes. I'm surprised you've never heard of this technique in America."

"I... I can't suck off my own son."

Rebecca's stomach clenched, and her hands formed two tight fists in her lap. This was a frightening situation. Even scarier, she was being pulled ever closer to her son's dick. Her eyes never left her son's impressive erection.

She was about to take it into her mouth!

"Do you enjoy giving blowjobs?" Ling asked, her face only inches from Rebecca's.

"Yes, I do."

"Say it."

Rebecca gulped. "I love giving blowjobs."

It was humiliating that James had to hear this illicit confession extracted from her. The entire situation was completely surreal. Being dominated into giving her son a blowjob was shockingly arousing. This young, professional Asian woman had a powerful countenance that was almost mesmerizing. 

"Think of your son's penis," Ling said, brushing her cool lips against Rebecca's warm cheek. "He wants this. He's hard and ready. We are all counting on you to do this. Go on, suck it for me. Do it for the wedding."

Tightening her grip on Rebecca's hair, Ling firmly guided Rebecca's mouth to her son's hard cock. With open lips, Rebecca took her son into her mouth. When his cock rested on her tongue, she closed her lips around the shaft and started sucking on it gently.

"Good mother," Ling said proudly. "Now suck. I need to make a few calls. Keep going. I'll help you with this part but it looks like you are the expert. Most American women are, I've noticed."

Rebecca closed her eyes as she sucked her son's cock, listening while James breathed deeply. Her lips felt him throb. Under other circumstances, that sensation would have made her proud. But since it was her son's cock she was sucking, she wasn't sure how she should feel. Feeling embarrassed, she wondered if he would still respect her when this ordeal was finally over.

Ling rubbed the back of Rebecca's neck to monitor the progress, and used her free hand to nonchalantly make a phone call.

It was the most unusual sexual moment Rebecca had ever experienced. While sucking off her own son, she listened to Ling speak softly in Malay. Ling was unfazed.

After a moment, Ling placed her phone on the table nearby. "It looks like James is ready to stretch your throat. I'll help with this because we really have to hurry. They'll be here soon."

"Hmmphhh...." was the only reply Rebecca could manage with her son filling her mouth.

Who would 'be here soon?' Rebecca wondered as Ling pressed down on the back of her neck, making her son's cock go further into her mouth. As it touched the base of her tongue, she nearly gagged. Ling eased up, allowing Rebecca to take a breath.
