 After getting her nursing license two years ago, Rebecca's parents thought she was crazy for accepting a job at the American-led excavation site in central Mexico. 

She was part of the medical team responsible for monitoring the health of all the workers involved in the digging and research. She lived on-site with the team and they were lucky to each have their own private tent. 

A few weeks into the excavation, the project made worldwide headlines. They appeared to have discovered an ancient underground temple. The temple lay in ruins as a result of several earthquakes which occurred over several centuries. 

Rebecca's parents finally understood why she was so eager to accept the job when it came her way. To show their support, they decided to pay her visit and take her brother, Dylan, along on the trip. They would stay at a small hotel just a few miles away from the excavation site.

Rebecca was still in her blue nursing uniform when her family arrived to the outskirts of the digging site. They greeted each other warmly. She was super excited to show them the few parts of the sites that were open to the public. 

"Can you believe this?" Mom said as she looked over at the places where many experts and archaeology students were touring. 

Dad chimed in, "It's like watching National Geographic or the Science Channel. Amazing."

"Or a movie set," Dylan added to the conversation.

Rebecca smiled, "They've been digging up all sorts of precious artifacts. Obviously, it's all under lock and key. So that's off limits. But at least you can see the digging from here."

Her family agreed and marveled at the site. 

***

That evening, Rebecca did her routine checkups of the crew. Her main focus was to ensure that the digging and research teams stayed in good health.

Her last patient for the day was a woman named Maria, who was part of a catering group. 

They made small talk in English while Rebecca did the physical check-up and wrote down notes for the on-site doctor to review later. After examining the woman's eyes, ears, and tonsils, Rebecca reached for her stethoscope to examine the woman's breathing.

"I have milk," Maria said randomly in broken English, before the stethoscope could touch her chest.

"What do you mean?" Rebecca asked, abandoning her attempt to assess her patient's breathing.

"My breasts. I have milk, Ms. Thomas."

"You mean breastmilk?"

"Yes, yes, that is what I mean."

Rebecca checked her files. "Are you pregnant? That's not listed on your profile. For health reasons, pregnant women aren't allowed on this site. It's a risk, Ms. Sanchez."

"No, no, I'm not pregnant," Maria said, shaking her head.

"Then you were pregnant? That's not listed either. I'm sorry, but I'm going to have to report this. It's for your own safety. I hope you understand. The fumes on this site may be a health danger to a woman in your condition."

"No, no, it's the temple, Ms. Thomas."

Rebecca raised an eyebrow. "What do you mean?"

"Your researchers from America do not understand. It's a local history that some stones cause fertility. They give a strong energy."

"I don't think I understand."

"I want to keep working here," Maria explained. "I need the money and care for everyone working here. Please make sure my health is okay. Please do that for me."

It was all very odd. This woman genuinely seemed to believe that the site was causing her to lactate. 

"Ms. Sanchez, if you're pregnant, or were pregnant in the past, then you have to disclose that. I have an ethical obligation to the medical team and to you, to report things accurately."

Maria was determined. "Look, I'll show you."

Maria lifted her shirt to reveal her stomach, so that Rebecca could see for herself that she didn't have any of the stretch marks that a recently pregnant woman would have had. Rebecca understood this.

Being a medical professional who prided herself on being better able to assist women, Rebecca sat stoically as Maria lifted her bra to expose her breasts. Whatever this was, it must have been important, since Maria was certainly a dignified woman who worked hard every single day.

Maria's nipples appeared dark and swollen. She pinched each of her nipples and milk squirted from them. It was clear that she was indeed lactating. For good measure, Maria gave her nipples another squeeze and more milk shot onto the floor.

They had been on the site for a month already, and Rebecca had not seen any evidence of lactation from Maria or any of the other workers before. This was definitely something new.

"Please don't tell doctor," Maria said calmly in broken English.

"It would be in your best interest to declare this to the doctors, Ms. Sanchez. I'm trying to do what's best for you."

"The doctors will think I'm crazy," Maria pleaded. "I may lose my job. I may even be studied like a lab animal. Soon, you may have same issue."

"Why would I have the same issue?" Rebecca asked, shocked.

"The altar was found yesterday. It was described in local history, which only a few know about. Me and the other women have experienced changes too. Soon, you will also."

Rebecca was dismayed at the thought any woman being treated like a lab animal for simply having milk. But she also knew that women didn't simply start lactating out of the blue. There had to have been a plausible medical explanation somewhere. 

"There are other women who are experiencing this?" Rebecca asked.

"Yes, yes, so far I hear from my cooking partners. They have the same experience today. A day after the discovery of the altar. The carved rocks."

"Do they wish to consult Dr. Ford about this? I can arrange a meeting tomorrow. I promise the matter will be discussed in total confidence. There must be a reasonable explanation."

Maria looked skeptical. "This is the Fertility Temple. It is only temporary, while we're here. Please, monitor our health while we are under its spell. And please, don't be alarmed when you start experiencing the same changes. I don't want to discuss this with Dr. Ford. This should stay between us women. Western men don't understand. "

There was complete sincerity from Maria, and that sent a shiver down Rebecca's spine.

***

The next morning. Her parents were back on site to happily observe as much of the excavation as they could. Her brother was enjoying the free, freshly squeezed fruit drinks which were being provided to everyone. And she was on a break from her medical duties.

When she found her brother, she gave him the most serious expression she could possibly muster.

"I need to talk to you," she said. "In my private tent." 

Dylan had never seen her look quite so serious. She looked almost scared.

"What's wrong?" he asked. 

"There's something I need to show you."

They walked for several minutes to her tent where they would have some privacy. It was a small tent, just big enough to accommodate a standard camping cot and a wooden chest for her personal belongings. 

"What's up?" he asked, as they sat on the cot.

"You're the only person I can trust," she replied. "As a psychology major, do you believe that thoughts can influence the human body?"

Naturally, he looked puzzled for a moment. "Sure they can. It happens all the time."

"I mean, biologically speaking."

"Yes, sure. Why? You're the medical profession, not me."

"But you're the only person I can talk to at the moment."

"Not the doctors here?" he asked, somewhat surprised, and a little curious.

"No, not yet."

"Why?"

"You'll think I'm crazy," she said.

"Just tell me. You're really freaking me out. I've never seen you like this before. You're... panic-stricken."

"That's because I'm panicking!"

His eyes widened. "Is your life in danger?"

"No."

"Then tell me already," he said.

Rebecca told him everything Maria had told her, taking care not to divulge her patient's identity. She left nothing out. She told him about Maria's 'condition,' her claims regarding the local legends, and most importantly, that the effects of the fertility temple are felt by all women who come into direct contact with the site.

When it was all laid out there, the siblings sat quietly for a moment, looking each other in the eyes. Dylan was as dumbfounded as his sister.

"And you believe it?" he asked.

"What do you think?" Rebecca asked with a nervous laugh. And then, more carefully, "Would you think I'm crazy if I did believe it?"

"I watch Ancient Aliens all the time. Sure, I believe it's possible."

"And you believe the stuff about my patient's milk?"

He shrugged. "You saw the milk, right? You saw it with your own eyes? You saw it coming directly from her body?"

"Yes, I saw all of it."

"Then I believe it. But the big question is, was she pregnant before? Are you sure she isn't now?"

"I went through her medical file this morning," Rebecca said. "She has never been pregnant, and she isn't now."

"What about her female colleagues? Have you interviewed them?"

"Not yet. They haven't mentioned anything, and I haven't asked."

"What's the big deal, anyway?" he asked. "If she has milk, big deal? Good for her."

"The big deal is that..." she hesitated mid-sentence. "I think it's better if I show you."

Dylan immediately caught on and began to understand why she was in the state she was. "You mean, you think it's happening to you, whatever this is?"

"Yes. Could you handle it if I showed you?"

Under normal circumstances, Rebecca would obviously never ever show her breasts to her brother. They were close, but this went far beyond what is acceptable between a brother and sister.

Sure, they liked to tease each other and be competitive sometimes, but they would never ever try to humiliate each other, or get each other into trouble. But they had always helped each other. It was a code they shared. 

This was certainly a situation in which Rebecca needed her brother's help. 

"I mean, if you're okay with it," Dylan said awkwardly, knowing he was in a tough spot as a brother.

"I think I am. I've seen lots of body parts for this job. If I expect others to endure my examinations, then I should be okay with being examined myself, especially for my own urgent needs."

"Really, you don't have to do this. I believe you. I really do, unless this is some sort of elaborate joke to mess with my mind."

She smiled then shook her head. "I'm totally serious. And I really need someone's help on this."

"Then why don't you talk to one of the doctors?" he asked.

"They'll put me in a lab or something. Worse case scenario, I'll be featured on the national news in America. Even worse than that, I'll make international headlines. It'll be a sensational news story because... you know... I'm a white girl from California who became possessed, or whatever, by spirits in an ancient fertility temple."

"That makes sense," he acknowledged. "Do you really think you're possessed?"

Rebecca sighed. "Well, I did have a weird dream last night."

"About?" 

"It might be better if you didn't know."

"That's not fair," Dylan said. "You're telling me all this stuff, and now you're keeping secrets? You've got to be kidding!"

She sighed again. "It was a wet dream. I mean, vivid. Insanely vivid."

"What do you mean?"

"Remember that classic horror movie where a woman dreamt that a bunch of naked people groped her body and impregnated her?"

He nodded, "That was a great movie."

"Well, I dreamt of something similar."

"Who were the naked people impregnating you? Or doing whatever."

"You really, really don't want to know," she said, somewhat on the defensive now. 

"Come on, I want to know."

Rebecca gathered her strength. "Dad, Mom, and you. Lots of oral, lots of sex. It was very lewd and obscene."

"Jesus."

"I know. It was the craziest thing ever. It all felt so real, so intimate, like it actually happened."

"That's weird."

"When I woke up, my breasts felt full," she said. "They felt swollen. When I went to the bathroom and had some privacy in the shower, I gave my nipples a squeeze, thinking of what I'd been told. I thought it was all in my mind. That what she told me had triggered strange dreams somehow, like watching a scary movie."

"But then milk came out?"

She nodded. "I've always had sensitive nipples. I love playing with them and pinching them. When I squeezed them in the shower this morning, for the first time in my life, they spurted milk. I was like a cow."

"How many times did you do it? It could have been a freak coincidence."

"I did it once to check. A second time to make sure I wasn't crazy. I didn't do it again. I was too afraid."

Dylan paused for a moment. "Show me. I have to see this... that is... if you're okay with showing me."

"Sure I am. I was the one that brought you here."

Rebecca lifted her blue nursing top to reveal her tummy, before lifting it higher to reveal a white cotton bra encapsulating her ample breasts. 

She unfastened the clip at the front and her breasts fell free, exposing her areolas and swollen nipples. Her nipples were hard and Dylan had never quite seen areolas that large. To be honest, he'd never have imagined that his sister's would be as dark as they were either.

Dylan stared at them. "Are they always that... big? And that color?"

"They're much more swollen than usual. My nipples look bigger and they're much pokier, if you get what I mean by that. My areolas are usually very light pink. They're definitely a few shades darker now."

"I see what you mean," he said, still unable to drag his eyes away from his sister's swollen breasts.

"For once in your life, you have my permission to stare at them. I'm going to squeeze. Hopefully nothing will come out and it was all a strange coincidence. Here it goes."

Rebecca positioned her fingers around her breasts and squeezed the area around her nipples gently.

Sure enough, white milk started squirting from her chest. It shot far, much like Maria's did the previous day. She did it again. Then again. It left stains on her pants and a little puddle on the floor in front of her. 

When she stopped after the fifth squeeze, two drops of milk sat on the tips of her nipples. They looked like two little white dots. She just left them there, not thinking about what the image was doing to her bewildered brother.

"It looks like it's still happening," she said. "It's a lot more than this morning. That means it's only gotten worse."

Dylan's eyes were transfixed. "Oh wow."

"You can look at my eyes now," Rebecca said, a little too sharply.

He blushed a little. "Sorry."

"Any ideas?" she asked, her tits still out.

"None whatsoever." 

"Please, do something for me. Get on the computer and search for anything you can find about what could have caused the women to lactate like this. It could be something in the food."

"Got it."

"And please don't tell Mom or Dad."

"Never," he replied. "They'll think I'm a creep for ogling at your nipples."

"You were ogling at my nipples?"

He shook his head. "You know what I meant."

"I have to get back to work soon. Things are busy today. Can we meet again this time tomorrow?"

"Sure, that'll work. Dad really loves the excavation stuff, and Mom loves seeing the artifacts from afar. So they'll still be busy; I'll sneak off."

"Thanks so much," she said graciously. "You're the best. Hopefully we can figure out what the hell is going on."

"Yeah, I hope so."

"You should go now. I need to clean myself and get back to work."

He took another glance at her nipples. "You'll be okay. I promise."

When he left, Rebecca sat quietly for a moment. Sure, she should have tucked her breasts back into her bra the moment the demonstration ended, but she didn't want to for some reason. She liked having them out. Something had made her want to keep her tits exposed.

She considered using a tissue to wipe the milk off her nipples. Instead, she pulled each nipple towards her mouth, bending her head down, and gave each one a suck.

It tasted sweeter than she had imagined. Satisfied, she fastened her bra and pulled down her shirt. It was time to get back to work. But what she really wanted to do was play with her tits and masturbate all day.

***

That evening, Maria purposefully waited to be the last to be seen by Rebecca. She didn't need the checkup, really. She had a clean bill of health. What she really wanted, which was obvious to Rebecca, was to have a private conversation while no one else was around.

"Are you okay?" Maria asked as soon as they were in the privacy of the examination room. "Your breasts? Any signs?"

Rebecca came clean, "I've been lactating all day."

She had planned to keep it a secret, but it felt so good to speak to another woman about it, someone who'd understand what she was experiencing.

Maria was unphased. "I can tell, Ms. Thomas. Your face seems bright and your breasts look fuller than the last time we spoke."

It was a comment which made Rebecca feel very self-conscious. Was it really that obvious? Maybe to another woman, it would be?

"How are the other women doing?"

"We can handle this," Maria said calmly. "We milk ourselves during the break. No one knows. The fertility temple will lose its power over us when the structure has been taken apart. Until then, no one must know. It must be a secret."

Rebecca nodded. "I've only told my brother. He's good at keeping secrets."

"You are a lucky woman, Ms. Thomas."

"Why?"

"You have someone to help you."

"What do you mean?" Rebecca asked.

Maria put her hand above her own crotch. "These feelings. They are very intense for us. We have to work all day preparing and serving food. At night, we must prepare for the next day. We have no one to help us with the needs the temple is awakening in us. No time for it either."

It was clear what Maria meant. Apparently these strong sexual feelings were shared amongst the women at the site.

"He's my brother," Rebecca softly restated, shocked that Maria could even think such a thing. 

"Yes, but he is available for you. He can keep a secret for you. He can please you. He can cure you. Yes, he can cure you. Spare you from this."

At first, Rebecca wondered if, due to their cultural and linguistic differences, she had misunderstood what Maria was implying. But the suggestive look that Maria was giving her made everything clear.

"We don't do that in America," Rebecca said as politely as possible. "Is that allowed here?"

"No, no, it's not. But who knows what one will do in times of emergency."

Rebecca smiled uncomfortably. "I'm not that desperate. Thanks for the suggestion though."

"Can you help me, please?" Maria asked shyly, and somewhat desperately.

"Absolutely, I'm here for you."

Maria slowly lifted her shirt. "Help me, please, Ms. Thomas. I need you to help me, here. In this part."

There was pure desperation in Maria's eyes and voice and she exposed her breasts and dark nipples. Today, her breasts seemed to be fuller and the nipples larger.

Maria sat there with puppy dog eyes while holding her breasts in the palms of her hands.

As a nurse, Rebecca had a duty of care and a duty to the people she was caring for. She was used to seeing bare body parts. But for some reason, she was unusually drawn to what she was seeing. She felt hypnotized. She felt compelled.

Giving into temptation, Rebecca looked around, as if to make doubly sure that no one had snuck into the room to observe them, and when it was clear that no one would see them, she bent down and took one of Maria's engorged nipples into her mouth.

It was the first time she had ever done this to another woman. She had never even kissed a girl before, let alone this. It was easier than expected. She gave it a good suck, pulling lightly at the nipple with her lips, and making Maria moan.
