 Thank you for checking out my latest effort. It's been a while since I published anything and it's partly due to this piece. I wanted to try something new, and this is what it ended up as. As always, thank you for reading, and I hope you enjoy it. All characters are 18 or above.

*****

Douglas McKenzie was sitting in his room, absently stringing his acoustic guitar. The walls of the 18-year old man's room was plastered with posters of great guitar players, and several CDs laid open on the small table close to his bed. It was an early Monday morning and the first real day of summer break. Despite the fact that the sun had barely been up for an hour he had not been able to sleep any further, which was why he now plucked at the tense strings with his calloused fingertips. A knock on the door brought him out of his trance. 

"Dougie? We'll be leaving soon, will you just come out and say goodbye?"

His mother's voice came through the wooden door and Douglas put down the guitar, letting it rest on his unmade, messy bed. As he stood up he called back.

"Do you have to call me that still, mom? I'm not a kid anymore." 

When he opened the door he came face to face with his mother. Josephine McKenzie was a fairly short woman, barely measuring 5.6 feet, with long flowing red hair that draped across her shoulders and down her neck and back. She was wearing a bright summer dress patterned with flowers, and a sun-hat. She looked at him through her glasses, the green eyes observing him carefully.

"You'll always be Dougie to me, my sweet son."

She gave him a big hug, her rather large breasts pressing against him. He did his best to not notice that fact as she spoke softly to him.

"Are you sure you don't want to come along? It's not too late to change your mind."

Douglas shook his head as his mother released him and took a step back. "No, mom, it's alright. You go and enjoy spending some time with dad. I'll be fine."

Josephine watched him carefully then let out a soft sigh before nodding. "Very well, your sisters are home either way so I can be sure you won't get into too much trouble. Just follow the rules we've set up, and things should be fine."

From the front door a loud man's voice called out. "Honey? Are we ready to go?"

His mother turned away from him and called back. "Yes, dear, I'll be right there!" She smiled at her son and patted his shoulder. "You'll come and wave us goodbye, won't you?"

Douglas nodded and walked with his mother down the stairs to the hallway that stretched all the way to the front door. There he could already see his tall father, two large suitcases at his side. Douglas may have inherited his hair colour and height from his mother, but the chiselled jaw, the high brow and the proud facial hair was all his father's doing. As they passed the large mirror in the hallway he snuck a glance at himself. The red curly hair that reached his shoulders, the light stubble on his almost square jaw, and the same green eyes as his father. 

As they approached, his father Marcus spoke up again. "You stay out of trouble now, Douglas, alright? We don't want to get any emergency calls while we're sunbathing."

Marcus gave him a grin, knowing full well that their son was too shy to actually get into any real trouble. It was far likelier he would spend most of his time working with his guitar rather than running out in the streets, causing mischief. 

"I'll be good, dad, you don't have to worry."

Douglas stood watching as he suddenly heard loud footsteps coming down the stairs and within moments he was flanked by two identical women in their early 20's wearing t-shirts and shorts, both taller than him, measuring more than 6 feet. They had red hair just like him and their mother, but theirs was straight and almost silky compared to his curly locks. Like Josephine they both had deep blue eyes, and their cheeks were speckled with freckles. Where he stood he was almost in eye level with their chests, and he tried to focus ahead, doing his best to ignore the closeness even as they pressed against his sides. As their parents got ready the sister to his right called out to them.

"Morning, mom, dad! Have a good trip!"

Josephine smiled gently and nodded. "Thank you, Kathleen. You two be good to your brother, alright? Make sure he doesn't get into trouble."

"We'll be careful, mom. I don't want to delve into my law books in case he does anything."

The woman to his left, Cassidy, gave him a small grin. Douglas groaned. He loved his big sisters, but they could be overbearing. Their parents grabbed their suitcases and gave them one last look.

"We'll call once we arrive at the hotel. We expect the house to still be standing when we come back."

Josephine gave them all a wink as Marcus opened the door. "Have a good break, kids. Don't overdo it."

The twin sisters to his sides replied in perfect unison. "We won't, dad."

Marcus nodded as they stepped out. "See you in two weeks."

As their parents closed the door behind them Douglas found himself acutely aware of his sisters and his proximity to them. Needing to get away he took a step back, escaping their ambush.

"I'm going back to my room. See you later."

He almost ran back to his room, closing the door behind him. He could hear his sisters giggling out in the hallway as he sat down on his bed, running a hand across his face. Two weeks. Two entire weeks, alone with his sisters. The sisters that he considered absolutely gorgeous. The fact that they were siblings was both a blessing and a curse to him. It kept him from acting on any of his impulses, not jeopardizing anything in their family. At the same time however, the fact that he had two incredibly hot twin older sisters when he was a young man, and a virgin at that, pushed him to his limits. Thankfully they had gone off to college so he didn't see them much, making things a lot easier for him. Now that they were back home for the summer though? It was going to be rough. 

***

Douglas opened his eyes, feeling a great need to get out of bed. The day had been pretty much torture, his hot sisters lounging around, not caring much about decency or prudence. His own room had been far too hot to stay in during much of the day, so he had to spend most of his time in the sitting room. This was made even worse by his sisters sunbathing out on the porch, their perfect, slim bodies on display in their tight bikinis. Douglas had found himself having to adjust his seating position several times during the day, and thankfully the copious amount of water he had consumed while he was watching the TV kept him hydrated. 

This unfortunately lead to his current predicament, and as he was about to make his way back from the bathroom he heard a very faint sound coming from further down the hallway. Now curious, Douglas walked past his own room towards the plain door that still had a sign in the form of a heart, with the letters "C" and "K" painted on it. He crept closer, making sure not to make any noise as his steps were cushioned by the hallway rug. When he arrived the noises had increased in intensity only slightly, not enough for him to make anything out. He didn't quite know why, but instead of just walking back to his room he leaned down so his eyes were in level with the keyhole, a relic from the past since it was a old house. When his eyes finally adjusted to the dim lighting he almost screamed. The scene in front of him was something beyond his wildest dreams.

Inside the still fairly girly room divided into two halves he had expected to see his sisters sleeping. But what they were doing was anything but sleeping. On top of his oldest sister's bed, he saw them, and the scene made him hard almost instantly. Cassidy and Kathleen were both entirely naked, their skin glistening with sweat. Their breasts were flying free, and even at this distance he could tell that their nipples were hard as steel. Cassidy was positioned behind Kathleen, and attached to her waist he saw something akin to a harness. While the younger twin sister was on her hands and knees, her pussy was getting pounded by what was clearly a strap-on dildo. Unaware that they were being watched, the two women were talking dirty like he was watching his own private porno.

"You like that, you little slut? You like that big cock ramming into you?!"

Cassidy slapped the firm peach-shaped butt of Kathleen and she let out a loud moan.

"Yes! I've been a dirty girl, so punish me!"

"Oh, I will! When I'm done with you, you won't be able to sit for three days!"

As he was standing there just outside the door to his sisters' room, Douglas couldn't help himself. Reaching down into his underwear he grasped his erect shaft and started to run his hand along the length while he kept his eyes locked on the scene. How long had this been going on? Had his sisters been fucking each other while they still lived at home?

"Oh fuck yes! No one fucks me like you do, Cass, give it to me!"

The lustful moans of the younger twin only caused him to stroke his cock faster, his breathing becoming heavier by the second. His law-student sister happily obliged as she grasped hold of Kathleen's ass and dug her nails into the skin.

"Fuck, I've missed your cunt! If only our parents could see us now!"

Kathleen moaned as she was being ravaged, her mouth open in a whorish gasp.

"Or Dougie! I saw him checking us out today! Poor boy's dealt with half an erection all day!"

Douglas nearly stopped in shock, but despite the topic switching to him he couldn't let go of his cock. He should've felt embarrassed at the notion that his sisters had caught him checking out their bodies, but that was one of the furthest emotions from his mind right now. In fact, when his older twin sister responded he felt a big twitch in his stiff rod.

"No shit?! He thinks we're hot? Fuck, that's...exciting!"

Kathleen let out a loud gasp as Cassidy inserted one of her fingers into her ass while she increased the pace of their rough fucking.

"It's wrong, but so hot! I bet you he's still a virgin too, if he saw us he would get a freaking heart attack!"

Douglas couldn't disagree with that notion, his heart was pounding faster than ever before, and his hand was a blur as he kept stroking his cock as fast as he possibly could. In his desperation to get a better look he leaned in even closer, his forehead now resting on the wooden door.

"Mmmm, our little brother is not a boy anymore, he should experience the wonders of sex!"

Cassidy got quiet after that, the only sound in the room their skin crashing into one another. Kathleen's moans got quieter as she turned her head the best she could, red hair clinging to her freckled face, the bright blue eyes glazed over with lust.

"Cass, what's wrong? Why did you stop?"

Cassidy suddenly grabbed Kathleen's hair and pulled roughly, seemingly bottoming out entirely as her hips kept thrusting at a manic pace. "I imagined you sucking his cock while I ride his face! I imagined us initiating our little brother into the world of sin!"

Kathleen's moans were now more alike a frenzied howl as her cunt kept getting rammed with the dildo. "He's our brother! We can't do that, even if it's hot!"

Cassidy only laughed as she leaned forward, pulling Kathleen's head backwards. "Like you care. I felt your cunt tighten up when I mentioned it, you want to fuck him, don't you? You want to pop our little brother's cherry!"

Kathleen screamed as she was apparently nearing her climax. "It's illegal! I want to, but we could go to jail! Cass, it's fucking incest!"

Cassidy licked Kathleen's ear and slapped her ass hard. "Who's the law student here?! Of course I know it's illegal, but if no one finds out, we're in the clear! Tell me you don't want to drag him from his room and guitar and give him his first sexual experience! Tell me, or would you be lying?!"

Kathleen couldn't contain herself any longer and with a scream that sounded like a horny beast her orgasm raced through her. "I want to! I want to fuck our little Dougie! I want him to stuff his cock down my throat and cunt!"

Cassidy's laugh was cut short as a fierce orgasm surged through her as well, her pace becoming slower. "And your ass?!"

Kathleen screamed again through clenched teeth. "Yes, I want him to fuck all my holes! I want to take my brother's virginity in all the ways I can!"

Douglas was panting as his stroking got faster and he was quickly racing towards his climax. Unfortunately, due to his excitement and him leaning against the door he didn't notice his legs shaking as he kept masturbating. Pressing even closer towards it, his bare foot slipped on the rug, causing his forehead to knock into the wooden door in surprise. Falling almost flat on his face, he pushed against the door with his free hand, and to his horror he realised something. It was not locked, only closed. When he fell into the room, underwear at his ankles and hand still gripping his cock, he felt like he wanted to melt into the floor.

Cassidy raised an eyebrow as he crashed through and landed on the floor of the room. She looked at him with a small smirk across her lips while she pulled out of Kathleen's pussy. "Well, well, well. Do we have a little spy in the house?"

Douglas frantically tried to get to his feet but his boxers were like cuffs around his ankles, impeding any attempts to do so. He knew his face was entirely scarlet as he desperately tried to think up an excuse. "I-I-I wasn't spying on y-y-you! I d-didn't hear anything!"

Kathleen moved around so she sat on the bed, crossing her legs while she looked at him. "I very much doubt that, little brother. We were not exactly being subtle, and that's partly our fault."

As Douglas continued his struggle to get out of the room he saw his older sister coming towards him, the strap-on dildo still attached to her harness. Terrified of what might happen he closed his eyes.

"Oh, we're not going to hurt you, Dougie."

The next sound he heard was the door closing. Ever so slowly he opened his eyes again, coming face to face with Cassidy's full tits.

"My, my! Our little brother sure has quite the package on him!"

Still unable to do anything about the situation he stammered back.

"I-I-I won't t-tell mom or d-dad, so p-please let me g-g-g-go?"

Kathleen only laughed from the bed, leaning back on the messed up sheets, bringing his attention to her perfect breasts. Gods, he just wanted to take them into his hands and suck on those hard nipples. "Oh, we know you won't, Dougie. After all, we're going to give you plenty of incentive not to."

"That's right, little brother. We're going to have some fun with you..."

Douglas swallowed as Cassidy moved her hand down his body, arriving at his stiff cock that didn't seem to know if he was embarrassed or horny as hell. She flicked the tip of his shaft with one of her fingers and chuckled.

"But first, we need to get you into bed. So, on your feet. Now."

He couldn't possibly disobey his sisters when he had been caught red-handed, and with shaking legs he slowly stood up, releasing the vice grip he had kept on his member ever since falling into the room. To his surprise, Cassidy then took his hand and lead him over to the bed, her feet working to kick off his boxers before they arrived.

"Oh, so docile. This is going to be so sweet, Dougie. We know you'll love it."

Kathleen took his other hand when he was sat down upon the bed. He could still feel the warmth of their bodies in the sheets, his arousal increasing in intensity from the sensation. 

"So, little brother, first things first. Have you ever kissed a girl before?"

Douglas shook his head, not finding any spot that was acceptable for him to look at. At either side he had his sisters, and in front of him his erect cock. His heart was racing, and he still wasn't sure about the whole thing. Cassidy let out a sharp whistle as she watched him respond.

"Guess it's not always true what they say about guys and guitars. It seems we'll have to give him the whole package, Kath."

Kathleen nodded and grasped Douglas' cheeks, turning his face towards her.

"You're a lucky man, Dougie."

With that, she kissed him. The feeling was something foreign to Douglas, the soft sensation of her lips, the smell of her body, the sound of her slight moan. He couldn't tell how much time passed, but it felt like hours and seconds at the same time. When she released him he had to blink, the experience had been so utterly enchanting.

"Nice one, Kath. My turn."

Cassidy grabbed his face more assertively and when she kissed him it was a different kind of kiss. It was not soft, but hungry. Not sweet, but commanding. It was as if his lips now belonged to her, and she was staking her claim. When she let go a small strain of saliva hung between them for a few moments. God, those red lips looked inviting to him.

"I think you may have dazed him completely, Cass!"

Kathleen laughed as she stared at him, his cheeks still flushed red. She lifted his hand upwards, placing it on her left breast. When he felt the soft flesh Douglas turned his head as if on a swivel. As if by sheer instinct his hand tried to cup the tit in his palm, but it was too large to fit. 

"Mmm, that's it Dougie, roll it around a bit, play with it. I know you like it."

Kathleen spoke with a sultry tone, and when he lifted his eyes to hers those blue eyes kept darting between his face, hand and rock-hard cock. She licked her lips and let out a soft moan as he dug the tips of his fingers into her skin.

"Don't leave me out of this!"

Cassidy broke through his trance and lifted his left hand, placing it firmly on her right boob. Needing no further encouragement, Douglas began to treat his oldest sister just like Kathleen. He kneaded, groped and rolled the two tits around, his head not staying in one spot for more than a few moments as his mind was becoming overwhelmed with the situation. How in the hell had he ended up naked between his two sisters, groping their breasts?

"Let's put that slack-jawed mouth to better use!"

Cassidy grasped hold of Douglas' head and shoved it towards her chest, pressing his face against her skin. Her erect nipple poked into the side of his jaw before he finally got his wits back and opened his mouth, sucking in the stiff nub. He didn't know what he was doing exactly, but he hoped that it was what his oldest sister demanded. 

"Mmmm, not a bad start, Dougie. Keep going..."

Douglas felt a shifting in the bed and the next sensation that ran through his skin was that of slender fingers grasping hold of his cock. After so much teasing and with how close he had been to ejaculating beforehand, he erupted almost the second that Kathleen wrapped her hand around his shaft. He moaned into Cassidy's tit as he exploded, his sticky seed shooting out, large globs of semen landing on their naked bodies. Kathleen didn't stop however, and she kept jerking his dick as his eruption continued.  

"Holy shit, you're really backed up, little brother!"

Kathleen's joyful proclamation sent shivers through his body. With his attention divided between so many sources of stimulation he could only keep sucking on the tender nub, trying to take more of the soft breast into his mouth. 

Cassidy moaned loudly from her brother's ministrations, pressing his face into her chest. "Fuck yes, keep going! Kath, how long do you think until he's ready to go again?"

Unable to see anything but the fair skin of his sister's breast, Douglas could only imagine the expression on Kathleen's face.

"Oh, I'll have him fit for fight shortly. I've been wanting to take that lovely rod into my throat ever since he came in here."

Douglas felt the hand around his twitching cock let go, but his member was only deprived of pleasure for a few moments. When he felt the tip of his shaft being engulfed by something soft, warm, and wet, he had to tear his eyes away from Cassidy and look downward. Kathleen was between his legs, kneeling on the floor. Between her red lips was his manhood, half of his length being taken in between her lips like it was nothing at all. 
