 Vincent wanted to screw his mother. Not just marry her or 'make love'. No, ever since he learned what sex was, he wanted to bend her over the kitchen table and pound her until she was screaming his name. He wanted to WRECK her pussy. And her ass. And her mouth. And her fucking enormous titties. Ever since he could masturbate, he jerked off only while thinking about her. Porn he watched was always busty Irish pornstars that looked like her. He stole her panties and pumped loads of cum into them for years. Even here in college, he still had a pair of her dirty panties that smelled faintly of her delectable pussy. He could've been Sigmund Freud's own wet dream.

His mother, Bridget, was a gorgeous bombshell who had slung through relationships with one man after another. None of them had ever been good enough for her in his opinion. It wasn't like they abused her or anything, as Bridget was more than confident enough to hurl a man out on his ass when she didn't like how he was acting or treating her. She just always wanted them to do what she wanted and if they aruged, they were out. Vincent never understood what was so difficult about doing anything such a gorgeous woman asked.

Now that he was in college and a full grown man, it was the perfect moment for him to sweep in and take her forever. He wanted to make sure she never needed to worry about a man again. The timing of her most recent breakup was almost perfect. She had gotten into an argument and broke up with him a week before spring break. While all his friends were off at the beach trying to score, he had gone home to fuck the only woman he had ever wanted. A woman hotter than anything they could hope to get.

Some might be skeptical about his certainty, but he wasn't. Vincent was tall and lanky. He had long, curly black hair and a strong chin. Beyond all that though, he had a pornstar-esque fourteen inch cock. He had never fucked a woman, having saved himself for his mother, but he knew the size alone would get her attention. His mother was a beautifully lusty woman who loved dick.

He unlocked the door and stepped inside, "Mom!"

"Darling! Oh my goodness, why didn't you tell me you were coming home!" Bridget squealed, leapt off the couch to greet him. She was wearing lazy clothes, sweatpants and a big shirt.

His dick twitched at the sight of her and he smiled widely. She was a head shorter than him and her eyes were a deep emerald green. Long curls of red hair cascaded from her head and her plump lips were drawn in a joyous smile. There was barely a hint of wrinkle around her eyes. She looked like the perfect, mature milf. Her body was curvy in all the right ways, heavy in the ass and beautifully wide-hipped. Her every step made her massive G-cups bounce wildly all around and he admired the fact that she clearly wasn't wearing a bra.

She never did like bras.

"I thought I'd surprise you, mom. After you said you broke up with Tim, I thought you'd like to see me." He said, wrapping his arms around her warm body.

She giggled, "Oh baby, you know it doesn't bother me. He started it so I threw him out! I'll find someone new."

He decided there was no need to wait. He hugged her tighter, "Why? You don't need to go find someone."

"You're cute. Mommy likes having a man around though." She said, laying her head on his shoulder as they hugged. He couldn't resist. His cock was erect and pressing against her soft belly.

"No, mom." He let his hands slide down to her plump ass, "You don't need to find anyone else... Because I'm right here."

"Oh?" She leaned back and looked up. She clearly wasn't bothered by his hands quite pointedly grabbing her ass.

"You're a beautiful woman, mother. You deserve a man who will treat you like you deserve. Nobody else is good enough for you. They don't know who you are." Vincent said, a small blush crossing his face.

"So you're finally admitting it." She smiled anew, her eyes sparkling deviously. She slid her hands up his chest and around his shoulders. "I've always known you wanted me."

"Wha...?" He stared.

"Darling, you think I don't know where my panties were going? So many pairs soaked in such delicious seed." She pressed her breasts against him, nipples very erect. She was smiling in a completely non-platonic way now, "I raised you, I know exactly how big you are. I've seen you masturbating and I've heard you moaning... Oh mommy... suck my cock. Is that what you want, Vinny? You want mommy to suck your cock?"

"No." He said.

"No?" She cocked her head.

"No. I don't just want you to suck me off." He groped her ass hard, feeling the plump flesh through her fuzzy pants. "I want to bend you over and fuck you until you pass out."

"Mmmm." She kissed him softly, "I was right to wear those messy, cum-covered panties around all those times."

"What?" His dick jerked powerfully in his pants and his balls ached for release.

She teased his chin with a finger, "Obviously I couldn't just wash my panties when I found them in the hamper all sticky. I couldn't let all that delicious seed go to waste. They smelled so good but better than that... It felt so naughty to have it squishing around in my pants all day. I've masturbated so many times thinking of your huge dick and fragrant semen."

Her hand slid down his waist and felt down one of his pant legs where his cock was throbbing for release. She sunk down to her knees as she felt him up. His belt came undone and she pulled his pants down, letting that massive dong rise free. Her eyes feasted on the sheer size of meat before her and she inhaled deeply.

Vincent could only stare. It was actually happening. His mom was turning into a horny bitch over the sight of his boner. She held it in her hands and sniffed at it. The heady musk of his cock enticed her further and she wrapped her plump, cocksucking lips around his fat head.

"Ohhh fuck yes, mom." Vincent gasped, shuddering at the feeling of her mouth.

She worked her way forward, struggling to fit in the enormity of his member. She only got it a little bit down her throat before it was too much and she had to back off. Between breaths, she gasped, "You're the biggest... ever!"

"I can't wait mom. I don't want to wait." He pulled her to her feet.

"Going to fuck me already?" She asked as he untied her sweatpants.

"Not quite." He knelt down and gestured for her to turn around. She did so and wiggled her butt enticingly at him.

"You sure you don't want to unload all that hot, tasty cum into the pussy that made you?" She teased with a knowing smile.

"Not yet." He said, but resisting was starting to hurt. His cock was throbbing with the desire for release and his balls were full to bursting. But there was something more important than all of this that he had to do. He pulled her pants down and watched as the glorious, pale freckled ass of hers came into view. It was wide and thick, squishy to the touch and so very warm.

At first he thought she was commando, but then he saw the tiny G-string sticking out the top of her crack. Her ass had devoured the tiny pair of underwear and he was completely jealous of them. He planted his hands on her ass and shoved his face into it, breathing deep the hot, sweaty smell of her nethers.

"What're you doing, sweetheart?" She asked, looking back at him.

"What I've always dreamed about." He sighed, head swimming with the fresh, raw scent of his mother's arousal. He pulled her cheeks apart and feasted on the sight of that tiny G running down over her soft, fat asshole. Tugging it out of the way, he pressed his lips to it and forced his tongue up her blazing hot anus.

"Ohhh~!" Bridget squeaked, her butt clenching and her entire body jerking in surprise. He kept tight hold of her ass and forced his tongue in as far as he could go. Once he was starting to pull back, she was moaning heavily. "Oh baby! Oh honey, you're eating momma's ass! Who knew you were such a deviant? If that's what you want though, baby, then eat up!"

That got him even hotter. She was enjoying it and wanted more. He wrapped his arms around her and pushed his face harder against her fat cheeks. His tongue hungrily plundered her asshole and her pussy drooled thick streams down her thighs. She moaned and pressed her bum back against him, hands squeezing tight over the flow of pleasure.

"Baby! Oh my baby!" She panted, "You're making me cum! You're going to make my ass orgasm! Yes!"

Vincent kept plumbing her butt until she squealed and wetness sprayed all over her sweatpants. His cock was hard as steel and drooling thick precum on the carpet. He didn't care though. He finally had her. He had her and he was going to show her just how loving and devoted he was.

"Ahhh! Yes, honey. Fuck, I'm cumming so hard!" She wailed, legs quivering all about.

He pulled back and licked his lips. All he could smell, all he could taste, was her powerful scent. It was pure heaven and he had to have more. He fondled her ass and eased her forward towards the couch, "Bend forward, mom."

"Okay." She sighed, laying over the arm of the couch with her ass in the air.

There it was. There was his nirvana. Barely hidden behind a tiny triangle of sopping wet white cloth. It was big and fat, plump with blood and arousal. The G was barely enough to cover her pink lips, but it did nothing to hide the bulging flesh around them nor the trimmed red bush. He hooked a finger and drew them away, savoring the moment of reveal.

It was more beautiful than he could've imagined. Her lips were that of a perfect woman. Thick, and sloppy with wetness. The labia were pressed together by the plumpness of her majora. He pressed his fingers to them and drew them apart. Glistening, hot lubricant stuck between them in large strands and the lustful smell from it completely overtook him.

He rammed his face into it almost violently. His nose rubbed against her wet asshole and he burrowed his tongue as deep as he could into her cunt.

"Ahhh! Honey, yes!" She exhaled sharply, "Eat momma's pussy! Eat the hole that made you!"

Every word from her inflamed him more. He devoured her like a man possessed, constantly fondling her fat ass as her juices dripped from his chin. He continued eating until she was panting with the exertion and another orgasm was imminent. This only made him go harder because he wanted to taste it, wanted to know what his mother's orgasm was like against his mouth.

"Ohhhh fuck! Baby, it's happening!" She wailed, clinging to the couch in desperation.

She creamed all over his face, splattering him liberally in her lust. He welcomed it. Welcomed every messy drop and wanted the scent of her to never leave him. His dick was on the verge of nutting just from everything he had done and all that she had done to him.

"I can't wait mom. I'm going to cum just from how your pussy tastes! I want to nut inside you. I want to fill your womb up!" He said, standing upright. His dick bounced dangerously, oh so close to the pussy he wanted.

She reached back and pulled her lips open, "Well don't wait then, baby. Welcome home."

He grabbed her hips and lined up, nestling his tip to her spread cunt. With one strong move, he plunged deep into her. The feeling of her hot, sloppy milf cunt engulfing him made him moan like a whore. He pushed harder and got all of his massive pole into her, making her moan just as badly as him. He ground against her, squeezing his balls against her bulging clit, and reveled in the final union with his mother that he had sought for so long.

"Damn, baby! You're so fucking huge!" She panted, tongue hanging out of her mouth between gasps.

"Bigger than any you've ever had in here, right?" He asked, drawing back.

"Definitely~!" She screamed as he rammed back in, "Tons bigger! And nobody has ever eaten my coochie like you! Your mouth felt so good!"

He bucked his virgin hips erratically and wildly, losing it completely in the bliss of his mother's cunt. He pounded away, listening to her musical cries until he came. It happened suddenly and hot spunk blasted her cervix. It flooded her womb and poured out around his dick. He panted and flopped over her sweaty back, dick lodged inside her as the orgasm of a lifetime drained him completely.

The last thing he remembered was slumping over sideways on the couch and feeling his dick slap free of Bridget's messy hole.

*******

Vincent stirred some time later. He was surrounded by a familiar smell but he couldn't place it. His head was cradled on something soft and warm, fingers rubbing through his hair. Another hand had his massive, throbbing cock in a gentle grip and was stroking him slowly. He suddenly remembered where he was and what the heavenly smell around him was. It was that of his mother's horny, wet pussy. His eyes snapped open.

Right above him were the biggest pair of boobs he had ever seen, capped with thick, motherly red nipples. He looked down to see his entire body was naked and she was idly jerking him off. By the sight of her tits and the feel of her thighs, she was completely naked too.

"Morning baby. Feeling better? You had me worried. Have you been eating enough at college?" She asked, hand still going consistently on his thick foreskin.

He sighed, rolling his eyes, "Yes mom, I'm eating enough. You always worry so much."

"Should I not? You fucked me once and then passed clean out!" She said in exasperation.

"I haven't jerked off since I heard you were single again. I wanted to be ready to come and fuck you senseless." He adjusted his head to see past her tits, "Ahhh. Oh your hand feels good."

Bridget giggled warmly, "You did let out a whole lot inside me. If I wasn't always on the pill, you would've surely made yourself a little brother."

"Mom, you can get rid of those. I'll happily fuck you full of children." He said flatly.

That made her eyes sparkle with delight, "Oh baby, I would love to have another little you running around, but I'm not making myself pregnant when there's so much cock in this world."

That made him sit up. She reluctantly let go of his huge pole as he got to his feet. He stood above her, cock bobbing in her face. It was so tantalizingly close that her mouth was hanging open as she breathed in the heady smell. He leaned forward and grabbed her chin, "Mom, I don't want you fucking anyone else."

"What?" She looked honestly scared, like a child being scolded.

"If you want my cock at all, you will not let another man touch you. They always hurt you mom. They always abandon you." He gently drew her mouth open and put one foot on the couch, easing his fat cockhead into her mouth. Precum filled her mouth with a powerful masculine flavor. He caressed her cheek as she eagerly started to such on him, "I'll never leave you, mom. I swear, I'll never hurt you."

She hummed over the flavor of his dick and grabbed his ass. With a loving push, he slid his cock to the back of her mouth. He stepped up on the couch and pushed her against the back of it. With his feet planted on either side of her, he held onto her head and pushed down her throat. The determination in his mom's eyes clearly showed her adoration of this treatment. She wanted to suck on every bit of his huge schlong. With how he was standing above her, he had to squat down to get all of him down her throat and finally rest his heavy balls on her chin.

Bridget closed her eyes and started to work his cock. Her fingers caressed his ass and he could feel her throat squeezing and swallowing around him. He lifted and slid back down, starting to fuck her throat properly. He got moving quick enough to get his balls slapping pleasurably on her face.

"Oh yes mom! Your throat is fucking amazing!" He panted.

A few more thrusts and Bridget smacked his ass hurriedly. He backed off and pulled out of her mouth. She gasped a deep breath and put a hand to her breast, "My... Goodness... You're... Thick! Can't breathe... around it."

"Sorry Mom." He smiled, dick tingling from the delight of her throat.

She laughed between breaths, "Oh sweetie... Nothing wrong with... Being hung like a horse... And fucking your mother's throat."

"Want me to continue?" He said, spit-wet schlong right in front of her.

Her nose twitched as she smelled his seeping precum. She stuck her tongue out, "Of courth!"

He did so with relish, letting her take in a deep breath before slipping into her mouth and back down her throat. She took him right to the balls smoothly.

"Fuck yes! I've watched so much porn and always dreamed of doing this!" He moaned as he thrusted against her face.

It had taken Bridget some time to remember how to work a dick this massive. It had been years and many dicks ago since she had enjoyed one so big. Once she was thinking about it, the last bestial cock she had enjoyed was probably his father. So few good men had them...

Her pussy was aching as her son used her mouth so vigorously. She couldn't deny that the idea of fucking him forever was certainly enticing. That's all she really wanted this entire time anyway, another monster dick to ride on the regular.

She slurped and managed to squeeze a heavily scented breath around his shaft. Her head was swimming with possibilities. But whatever she wanted, he couldn't quit college. Maybe got a dick like this, she could get him to come home on weekends...

"Mom, get ready!" He grunted and pressed down on her, as if he were trying to strangle her with dick.

Deeply flavorful spunk erupted down her throat and into her belly. She hummed with delight and fondled his balls, urging him to cum more. He slowly pulled back and filled her mouth with the dregs of his load.

"Oooof. Damn mom, you can really suck a cock." He groaned, flopping down beside her.

She didn't respond immediately, instead savoring his thick, musky flavor for a little longer before swallowing. "Mmmm. Oh baby, your semen tastes so damn good."

"Glad I can impress." He chortled.

She stood up, "Hey, so can you go again?"

"Yeah. Just give me a minute." Vincent nodded eagerly.

Bridget grabbed his shoulders and pushed him over, "Just lay back. Let Mom take care of you just how you want."

She didn't give him a chance to argue. She stepped up on the couch and squated down over his face.

The sight made Vincent drool. His mother's heavenly ass and wet, slutty pussy were right above him... For just a moment. And then she sat down completely. Her plump ass pressed to his face, her cunt splattering all over his mouth, and her butthole rubbing against his nose.

He grew erect again faster than he could've thought possible. With the hunger of a starved beast, he grabbed ahold of her soft backside and dug in. It tasted even better than before, having been worked up into a lusty fervor by the sperm pumped down her throat.

"Ahhhh! Ohhh! Damn, darling." His mother gasped and gyrated her hips, "Apparently you like it when momma sits on your face." Her hands groped his cock and rubbed up and down it. "OOOOH! That's a yes!"

His tongue raged inside her as he rubbed his face against her chubby cunt lips. The feeling of her hot juices running down his face and inundating his every sense made his cock burn. When she got up, she was going to get it. He was going to plow this fat, motherly pussy until her eyes rolled out of her head.

"Baby. Oh yes. Eat mom's pussy. Nnnggg." She groaned as her body bristled with pleasure. She tensed up on top of him and squeezed his head with her thighs. Her hot, luscious thighs.

As she came, he couldn't help himself any longer. He heaved her up and pushed her forward on the side of the couch. Her legs spread, one on the couch and one off, and he leapt on her.

"Vincent! Oh God, what the hnnggg-!" She howled as his blazing shaft sunk into her. He rammed into her from behind, forcing her still spasming walls apart to give him entry. She clung to the arm of the couch, huge tits squished into the cushions beneath her, and tried not to bite off her tongue from the next orgasm.
