 "Ohhhhh, fuck me daddy!! Your cock feels so good in my tight little pussy."

"Mmmmmmm, I love your tight little pussy baby, so nice and wet. You like daddy's big cock filling you up?? Do you like it when daddy gives you his seed??"

This was one of my favorite incest videos of all time and I had masturbated to it too many times to count. The "daughter" in the scene was getting bent over her bed and fucked by her "daddy". It really wasn't anything special, thousands of other daddy / daughter incest videos on the internet had the same setup, but the actress in the video was a dead ringer for my oldest stepdaughter Tiffany. Obviously, I had never actually seen Tiffany naked; however, this actress was the image I had in my mind when I pictured her and jerked off.

She looked to be in her mid-twenties (Tiffany was 27 for reference), had shoulder length, jet black hair with a dark, semi-olive complexion. She was about 5'7", with a firm, toned body that she kept in great shape. Her breasts were a mid C, very pert, sitting firmly up on her chest, with small, dark nipples that got hard when she was getting fucked. Her pussy was totally shaved, a tight pink little treasure that I had dreamed of putting my dick inside many times. 

"You're gonna make daddy cum baby!!" the actor said.

I was furiously stroking my cock, awaiting the crescendo, so I could blow my load. The "daddy" was pounding away at his "daughter", about to cum in her hot little pussy. In my mind I was imagining Tiffany bent over the side of the bed, me driving my cock balls deep inside of her, pounding her wet, pink hole.

"Oh Tiffany!!" I cried out, my cock about to burst, "Do you want daddy's cum??"

"What the fuck Michael???"

I heard a voice behind me, unmistakably Tiffany's, as the door to my office swung open. I was busted, caught in mid stroke, watching incest porn by my stepdaughter as I was fantasizing about fucking her. I fumbled, unsuccessfully, trying to cover my cock as she stood there, glowering at me.

"Tiffany, I, ah,..." I said, trailing off.

Tiffany had just gone through a bad divorce and had moved in with her mom and me until she got back on her feet. I guess I hadn't thought to lock the door or check to be sure she wouldn't be home for a while before I started jerking off.

"What the fuck are you doing??" she yelled, incredulously, "and are those my panties??"

Shit, I thought. How the fuck am I going to talk my way out of this??

"Ah...," I trailed off again, not really having a good explanation of why I had a pair of her red thong panties in my hand, wrapped around my hard dick.

"Are you really watching porn and using my panties to jerk off with??" she asked, obviously already knowing what the answer would be, "Are you fantasizing about fucking me Michael??"

I was, absolutely; unfortunately, that answer would probably get me divorced and wasn't really suitable at this very moment. I was trying to think of something to say, anything, but my brain wasn't really functioning properly right now.

"Please don't tell your mom." I pleaded. Fuck, that was the best I could come up with?? What the fuck??

Tiffany stood in the doorway, looking intently at my computer screen, with her arms folded. When the scene was over, "daddy" had just cum inside of his 'daughter", she looked back at me, still sheepishly trying to cover my own erection, her scowl slowly turning into a devilish grin.

"Incest porn huh?? I always knew you wanted to fuck me Michael," she said, almost victoriously, "From the way you look at me when I'm by the pool, or when I come home from the gym, you're such a pervert. I should tell mom."

"No, please don't," I replied, almost begging, "Tiffany, I'll do anything, I love your mother very much and she can't find out about this, please."

She slowly walked over to my computer and hit refresh on the video, starting it back from the beginning. She fast forwarded a few minutes in to a point where the "daughter" was sucking her "daddy's" cock.

"Does that turn you on Michael," she asked, almost taunting me, "Do you fantasize about me sucking your cock??"

Even though I knew I was in trouble and this was an extremely awkward situation, my cock started to stir, getting hard again, Tiffany's panties still draped over the top of it.

"I guess that's a yes," she replied, that same little devilish smirk reappearing on her face as she noticed my hardening cock.

She fast forwarded the video a little more, "daddy" now eating out "daughter" on the side of the bed.

"Or maybe this??" she asked, licking her lips, "Would you like to taste my pussy Michael?? Is this getting you hard again??"

The truth was, yes, I was getting very hard again. It took all of the self-control in my being not to start stroking my dick again. Finally, she fast forwarded back to scene with the "daughter" getting fucked, right about where I was when she walked in.

"No, I think this is what you want," she said, "I think you want to fuck me, don't you Michael?? You better tell me the truth or I'll tell mom!!"

"Yes," I replied, sheepishly.

"Yes what??" she asked.

"Yes, I want to fuck you."

She pressed play and walked over to the couch on the other side of the room and sat down. "Go ahead and start jerking your cock," she said, "But this time, I want you to jerk off while looking at me."

This situation had suddenly taken an unexpected turn!! I turned to look in her direction and was shocked to see she was taking off her shirt, revealing her black, lacy bra, her nipples visible through the flimsy material.

"Do you like my tits Michael??" she asked, seductively, "Do you want to jerk off looking at my tits??"

My cock was instantly hard as steel. I couldn't believe what was happening, my hot stepdaughter, the same one that had just busted me masturbating, was now taking off her shirt for me to jerk off to. I didn't quite know what to make of what was going on; however, my dick was so hard at that point that I didn't care.

"Jerk your cock for me daddy," she said, mimicking the dialogue from the video, "I want to see you cum. Jerk off with my panties daddy."

I took her panties and began stroking my cock again, rubbing them up and down my erection. I was watching Tiffany intently as she rubbed her breasts through her bra, pushing them together with her arms for me to see. She let her straps fall down her shoulders, revealing more of her cleavage, teasing me, egging me on. She pulled down one side of her bra, just a tad, revealing the top of her nipple, just giving me a peek.

"Ohhhh, my nipples are so hard daddy," she said, "I want you to cum for me. You have such a nice cock."

I was furiously stroking my cock now, pre-cum forming on the tip and soaking into Tiffany's panties as I masturbated, wanting to cum for my stepdaughter. 

"Ohhhhh, I'm gonna cum baby!!" I cried out, my orgasm cresting.

"Cum in my panties daddy," she said, sending me over the edge.

I wrapped the side of Tiffany's thong over my cock and began to ejaculate, pumping my sperm into her panties.

"Ohhhh, that's so hot daddy," she cooed, still rubbing her breasts for me.

I continued unloading my seed into her panties, until my balls were drained, completely covering her underwear with my load, and fell back into the chair, totally satisfied, my cock starting to deflate in my hand.

"You can keep those," she said, motioning to her cum covered panties as she put her shirt back on, getting up to leave.

"Are you going to tell your mom??" I asked in a pleading tone.

"We'll see," she said, sauntering out of my office, "A girl has needs too sometimes, I may have some use for you." 

*****

For the next few days, I did all I could to avoid Tiffany. For the most part, she seemed to play along, not really bothering me or acting any differently even though she had just watched me masturbate with her panties. One afternoon after work, as I was walking through the living room on my way upstairs to change clothes, I noticed her outside by the pool, lounging in a teeny, tiny blue bikini. Fuck, she was hot, I thought. After ogling her for a minute, I continued on upstairs to change. 

I walked into the bedroom and my phone started to chime, a new text message coming in. It was my wife, Sally, letting me know that she had to stay late at work to close up. No problem, I replied, I love you babe. I set the phone down on the nightstand and walked into the bathroom closet to change. I heard the phone chime, probably Sally again, as I finished changing clothes and walked back into the bedroom. 

When I opened my text message, I almost passed out. It was from Tiffany, and it was a series of pictures attached to a message that read, "See if this gets you hard daddy."

The first picture was a selfie, taken from her point of view while lying on her back by the pool, looking down her body, through her cleavage, past her tits, and over her flat, toned abs. The second was the same picture; however, now she had pulled her bikini top off of her right tit, totally exposing her nipple, and in the third, she had slid her hand down the front of her bikini bottoms.

My cock was instantly rock hard and I instinctively started rubbing it through my shorts. I was interrupted by another text from Tiffany, "Are you masturbating yet?? Come to the window daddy, you know I like to watch."

I walked over to the bedroom window that faced out over our backyard. I pulled the drape to the side slightly, just enough so I could see Tiffany sunbathing in the lounge chair below. Her tit was still out, her hard nipple clearly visible and she had her hand down the front of her bikini, apparently rubbing herself. While I was obviously still hesitant to masturbate with my stepdaughter and the consequences that may entail, my lust took over and I pulled out my cock.

"Masturbate with me daddy, I want you to see me cum too, I'm so horny" came her text. 

I slid the drape over a little further so she could see me, standing there, my hard cock in my hand, as I started stroking it, watching her pleasure herself. I began stroking my shaft faster, rubbing my cock against the window so she could see it, smearing precum on the window pane. Tiffany licked her lips and quickened her pace, her hand working her clit under her bikini bottoms as she pinched her nipple in her other hand. God she was so hot!!

I could feel my orgasm building, welling up from my balls, my cock ready to erupt as I kept stroking. I could see the sweat beading up on her chest, between her tits as she masturbated, working herself into a frenzy. Suddenly, she arched her back, throwing her head back, and plunged her hand hard into her bikini. She was cumming and I was close behind, my cock exploding and shooting my load all over the window. I stared at her as I came, imagining I was painting her gorgeous tits with my cum, blasting rope after rope into her mouth, covering her with my seed. As her climax subsided, she pulled her hand from her bikini, licking her juices from her fingers as she did so, and tucked her breast back into her top. She picked up her towel and blew me a kiss, walking back into the house, apparently satisfied with our little tryst.

Fuck, I thought, what the fuck am I doing??

By the time I had finished cleaning up the mess in the bedroom and walked downstairs to fix something for dinner, Tiffany was already gone, her car no longer in the driveway. I was both relieved and disappointed, not exactly sure what was happening between us, but enjoying the ride nonetheless. I had fantasized about Tiffany numerous times; however, I never had the guts, or the opportunity, to act on any of it. I was torn, feeling guilty for having these feelings about her, but still wanting to fuck her nonetheless. Now that she seemed to be playing along, allowing the fantasy to grow, only made it more complicated. 

I watched TV until my wife got home, somewhere around 11PM. "I'm exhausted babe," she said, coming in and collapsing on the sofa next to me, "and I have to be back tomorrow at 7AM".

"Well come on, let's go get in bed so you can get some rest," I replied.

"Where's Tiffany??" she asked.

"I don't know," I lied, "She was gone when I got home from work."

"How are you two getting along??" my wife asked, "You know it's been rough for her since that deadbeat husband of hers left. I sure hope she can find a wonderful man like you who will love her."

"I know," I said, almost blushing, "She's a good kid and she's welcome here as long as she needs to stay."

I picked Sally up off the couch and carried her upstairs to bed, I crawled in next to her and she passed out, almost immediately. As I laid there watching TV, drifting in and out of sleep, I was startled by my phone buzzing. I picked it up and saw a text from Tiffany, surprisingly as I hadn't heard her come home. I opened it and it was a picture of her, completely naked, lying in her bed.

"Come get me daddy" it read.

I almost came in my pants right then. She was everything I had always imagined, a tight little body; firm, toned abs; gorgeous, suckable tits with tiny little nipples; and a hot, wet, tight pussy. She had a small heart tattoo on her right hip and a small rose on her lift hip. She also wasn't totally shaved as I had fantasized, she had a small triangle of dark pubic hair just above her pussy. I didn't know what to do. I was lying in bed with my beautiful wife, who I loved very much, while her daughter, my stepdaughter, was texting me naked pictures of herself telling me to come get her. Fuck!!

"Watching you masturbate got me so horny daddy, I need your dick" was her next text, accompanied by a picture of her rubbing her pussy with her middle finger.

I knew I may never get a chance like this again. I softly got out of the bed, careful not to wake Sally, and crept toward our bedroom door. I closed it behind me, making sure the latch didn't make too much noise as it closed, and snuck downstairs, careful not to creak the steps on my way down. As I walked down the hallway towards Tiffany's room, I started rubbing my cock through my shorts, anticipating what was to come next, her naked photos still flashing through my brain.

I opened the door to her bedroom and gasped at the sight before me. Tiffany was lying on her bed, naked, with her legs spread, fingering herself. "Oh daddy," she moaned, "I'm so wet."

Without thinking, and before I changed my mind, I climbed onto the bed with her, my head landing between her luscious thighs, and plunged my tongue as deep into her sopping wet pussy as it would reach. I probed her slit with my tongue, savoring her sweet nectar as I devoured her like a starving man.

"Oh daddy," she whispered, "Your tongue feels so good, please don't stop."

I had no intention of stopping, not until Tiffany was cumming in my mouth and on my face, not until she was so mad and driven with lust that she would beg me to fuck her. No way I was stopping.

I started flicking my tongue over her bud, stimulating her clit, making her even wetter. I slid my index finger into her pussy as I ate her, fingering her and sucking on her clit at the same time, driving her wild. She grabbed the back of my head and pulled my face to her sex, thrusting her hips up to meet my face, grinding her pussy against my tongue.

"Fuck daddy," she moaned, "You're gonna make me cum!!"

I stuck my tongue into her vagina, flicking at her clit with my finger as she started bucking her hips wildly. I felt her muscles clamp around my tongue as she pulled my face down against her mound, holding me tightly against her, her orgasm cresting.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," she cried out, as she came, her juices coating my mouth and running down my chin.

"I need your cock now daddy!!" she demanded, releasing her grip on my head as her orgasm continued to rock through her body, "Now!!"

I was naked in a flash, my hard cock springing free from its confines, precum forming on my tip. Tiffany took my cock in her hand and guided me to her pussy, positioning my dick at her entrance.

"Fuck me daddy," she moaned, "Please fuck me."

I rubbed my cock head against her pussy, smearing her juices all over my dick, teasing her a little more. I enjoyed being in control this time, unlike when she had caught me masturbating, driving her wild, sending her into a frenzy. I slowly slid my cock into her pussy, savoring her warmth, allowing her to engulf me inside her folds. She felt amazing, her tight, wet pussy opening to accept my dick inside, her muscles squeezing me, inviting me in further.

"Tiffany, you feel wonderful baby," I whispered as I leaned down to kiss her, "You want daddy to fuck you now??"

"Oh God, yes daddy, please fuck me!!" she replied.

I started rocking my hips, sliding my cock in and out of her drenched pussy, bottoming out inside of her. I had fantasized about this so many times that I knew once I got inside of her, I wouldn't be able to hold out long; however, I didn't care, I just wanted to fuck her.

I increased my pace, slamming my throbbing cock inside of Tiffany's tight pussy, my balls slapping against her firm ass as I fucked her, taking her, making her mine. She was squeezing my cock with her pussy, almost milking me, as she clasped her legs behind my back, pulling me further into her depths.

"You're gonna make me cum again daddy," she cried, "Ahhhhhhhhhhhh"

I could feel her body spasm beneath me, shaking from her orgasm as she clenched her legs tightly around me, holding me, as I continued to pump my dick into her. I could feel my cock swelling, about to cum, building to climax.

"I'm gonna cum baby," I said, "Do you want daddy's cum??"

"Cum inside me daddy," she panted, "Give your baby girl your cum!!"

I felt my cock twitch and then explode, painting Tiffany's insides with my jizz, unloading my seed into her womb. "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," I cried out, my cock spewing forth its contents into her sopping wet pussy.

I continued pumping, thrusting my engorged cock into her as I came, unloading the contents of my balls inside of her, filling her with my cum, until it started leaking out of her and onto the bed beneath us. She had relaxed her grip, her legs falling away from my back and lying flat on the bed, her body spent from her orgasms, as my cock slowly started to deflate. I rolled over and lay next to her, both of panting for air, coming down from the high we just experienced together. 

"Fuck that was hot Michael, I mean, daddy," she said, turning to look at me.

"Yes, it was baby," I replied, leaning over and kissing her, my tongue darting into her mouth, "But I can't stay, I have to get back upstairs before your mom notices I'm gone."

I got up and pulled my shorts on, pausing to take one more look at my naked stepdaughter, lying contently in her bed, having just been fucked by her stepdaddy, cum still leaking from her sweet little pussy. I leaned down and kissed her on the forehead, "Goodnight baby."

"Good night daddy," she replied, coyly, snuggling under her covers to go to sleep.

I crept back upstairs and into bed, careful not to wake Sally, and drifted off to sleep, visions of Tiffany's naked body still flashing through my brain. I dreamed about her the whole night, masturbating for her, her masturbating for me, the two of us fucking, it was pretty amazing. 

I woke the next morning to noise coming from the kitchen downstairs. Sally was already gone, having to get up and leave early for work, so I assumed it must have been Tiffany. I got out bed and headed downstairs.

"Good morning Michael," came a cheerful greeting from my younger stepdaughter Shelia, "Sorry about the noise, hope I didn't wake you up."

"No problem kiddo," I replied, yawning, "I have to be at work in a couple of hours so I needed to get up anyway. To what do I owe this surprise??"
