 Author's note: To all my fans, Thank you, Please keep rating my stories, and keep sending emails and leaving comments. Your feedback keeps me writing. I love waking up to new comments and emails from my fans. 

Thanks to you I now have over 4300 followers. Thank you so much. I get over 100 new followers a month and over 150 new story likes a month. Thank you to all of you who enjoy my stories

=====================================

We were on our way to my father-in-law's house on the water. Well, he wasn't actually my father-in-law, he was actually Mark's ex stepfather but he was the only father figure Mark had. Mark's mother got pregnant young and his actual father was never in the picture. Mark had never met him. When Mark was 11 years old his mother married Paul.

Then, after seven years, Mark's mother left Paul for a guy she worked with, whom she also left for another man, but that's another story. 

Mark was devastated, I knew that he didn't think of Paul as a father, more like a mentor, but they were close. Mark was still angry at his mom. We were on our way to spend the week with Paul and meet his new girlfriend. 

On the way I thought about Paul and Mark I'd met Paul many times and I liked him. I knew he was very present in Mark's life but I also knew that Mark's mother didn't let Paul make a lot of decisions when it came to Mark. 

Paul was a big guy, 6"1" and about 200lbs. Paul had salt and pepper hair and blue/qray eyes. He was a good looking man. I admit I always found older men attractive and Paul certainly fit the bill. He was 48 years old and Mark was 27. They'd been together for 16 years. 

Mark obviously looked nothing like him. Mark was pretty good looking, 5'10", and about 165 lbs, but he kind of melted into the woodwork when Paul was around. 

Paul had a big personality to match his size while Mark not as much. Mark was more quiet and thoughtful. Paul was the type that attacked his goals. He was a well accomplished businessman. Mark worked for Paul in systems management. You could see that Mark admired Paul and really wanted Paul's approval. 

Paul lavished approval on Mark. He was truly proud of him. 

Paul was also a flirt. He'd never said anything inappropriate to me but he came close, truthfully I didn't mind. I found it both flattering and funny. 

As we drove I wished Mark was a bit more like Paul. He could use a little drive. Don't get me wrong. I loved Mark. He was very sweet, treated me well, and he was an extremely considerate husband, but he never really led. I was the one who drove most of the direction of our lives. He didn't mind, he wanted to please me, but every once in a while it would have been nice for him to make the decisions. 

We pulled up to the house. I'd been here before. Mark and I had been married two years, so we'd had lots of opportunities to visit. It was beautiful, was in a gated community, and private. The house had its own deep water dock and Paul had a boat there. 

We rang the doorbell. It was answered by a beautiful woman. I knew this must be Karen, Paul's new girlfriend. I knew she was 35 from what Mark had told me. Yes, I'd done the creepy scale math. 1/2 his age plus 7. 48/2=24+7=31. She was well within the old enough to date limit. However If Mark hadn't told me I would have put her just a little older than my 26 years. She had long brown hair down to the middle of her back. She was wearing a yellow string bikini that showed a ton of skin. She looked good. She was about 5'3" and had a great figure. 

A big smile crossed her face. "Oh my god," she exclaimed. "You must be Mark and Shelly. Come in, come in."

She yelled into the house, "Paul, Mark and Shelly are here." 

Then she seemed to notice the way she was dressed. 

"Oh, forgive me," she said. "I was out tanning on the deck."

I was about to respond when Paul entered the room.

"Hey guys,," he hugged us both. I always felt small in his arms. "So glad to see you. How was the drive?"

"Uneventful," Mark answered, "but we're glad to be here."

"Well we're glad to have you," Karen responded. 

"Where are my manners," said Paul. "Karen, This is Mark and his beautiful wife, Shelly."

"Pleased to meet you," she said and then to me, "and you certainly are beautiful."

I blushed. I knew I wasn't bad to look at. At 5'1", 110 lbs, and shoulder length blonde hair, I got my share of looks, but somehow when she said it it made me self conscious. 

"Come in, come in," Karen said.

"Are you hungry? Would you like a drink?" asked Paul. 

We both accepted a drink and all went out on the deck to enjoy the view of the water. It was a beautiful day and the conversation flowed smoothly. Karen and Paul met through a mutual friend. They'd hit it off immediately and started dating about six months ago. Paul for his part looked very happy. 

The whole time we were there Karen lounged around in her bikini. She had a great body. I didn't blame her. It just felt weird hanging around fully dressed with her in a bathing suit. 

After a little getting to know each other Karen turned to me and said, "Why don't you throw on a suit and enjoy the sun with me."

I looked at Mark.

"You don't have to check with him," she said. "Besides, I want to get a look at that hot body."

I blushed. I wasn't sure what to say. 

"Come on, I'll show you your room where you can change."

I didn't know what else to do so I just followed her. 

"Here ya go," she said. 

She opened the door to a large guest room. It had a king size bed and, on the outside wall, a big set of glass French doors leading to an outside deck. I noticed there were no curtains on the doors. At first I wondered where I would change, but then I realized the windows faced the water and no one could see me unless they were on a boat or the deck. 

I pulled my bathing suit out of my bag and started to undress. As I did I thought of her words, 'look at that hot body'. 

There was a full length mirror in the room. As I undressed I looked at myself in the mirror. 'Hot body' I thought. Mark never said I was hot. He always said I was beautiful.

The guy I dated before Mark always said I was hot. What he actually said was, "You've got a fucking hot body." I always felt sexy when he said it. I felt hot. It made me want to dress and be sexier. He in return encouraged me to be sexy. Sometimes it scared me how much I enjoyed it. He'd always encourage me to wear a shorter skirt, or show more cleavage, I almost always did. He even got me to flash his friends every once in a while. When he took me to New Orleans I got lots of beads. 

It was a very hot, sexual, and passionate relationship. I loved the way it made me feel when I was showing off. We would make a game of noticing men look at me. I'd give them a little smile and show a lot of leg, or let them see my panties. This always made me horny and led to great sex. There wasn't a lot of love. I don't think he really understood love. He was good to me, but really didn't ever consider my needs or wants. It ended when I came home and found him in bed with another woman. He didn't even look guilty. He just told me to take my clothes off and get my hot ass into bed. I turned and left. 

Truthfully if he'd asked me to have a threesome I probably would have said yes. In fact, I know I would have. The idea turned me on then and does now, but I wanted it to happen with someone I loved. I wanted to know that years from then I would be holding hands and laughing with him over stuff we did when we were younger. He was not that man. We never went out again. I met Mark a year later. 

Mark was different, loving, considerate, and kind. He made me feel special, loved. I easily fell in love with Mark and was thrilled when he asked me to marry him. Standing in front of the mirror though, I wondered if he ever thought I was hot 

I had brought three bathing suits. I knew we'd be in the boat. All bikinis. I pulled one on and headed back to the deck.

Karen was the first to see me, "Wow, you do have a hot body," she said. Then to Paul, "You never told me how sexy she was."

Paul replied, "She certainly is."

She turned back to me. "You need a bathing suit that shows off more of those assets." Then she laughed, handed me a drink, and said, "You're gorgeous."

I sat down. I felt a little flush at the attention, but, I liked it. It had been awhile since I'd been so blatantly admired. It made me tingle. 

I was feeling a little bold, "I take it you approve of the bathing suit?"

"Oh no," said a Karen. "The bathing suit covers too much. That body needs to be shown off. Don't you agree Mark?"

They finally brought Mark into the conversation. 

He looked at me, smiled at me, and said, "Yes, she's beautiful."

Karen pushed it. "Yes, she's beautiful, but she's more than that, she's sexy, sensual. I can sense it in her. Don't you agree."

Mark didn't answer. 

Karen kept pushing. "Don't you think she's sexy?"

Mark looked a bit uncomfortable. Then he said, "I've always thought she was sexy."

Mark never said I was sexy, or hot. He was more of the love type. He adored me, and let me know it, but he was not really comfortable with blatant sexuality. Don't get me wrong, we had lots of sex, but it was mostly about love, not fucking. 

We all chatted for a while and as the sun went down we realized we hadn't eaten. Karen suggested we go out. Mark and I went to change for dinner.

We got ready for dinner. I pulled on some jeans, a nice top, and heels. I touched up my makeup. Mark got dressed and we left the room to meet Karen and Paul. 

Karen was wearing a skin tight sheath halter dress that barely covered her ass. It had a cowl neck and showed some cleavage. The back was open and it was obvious she wasn't wearing a bra. I felt inappropriately dressed. 

Karen looked at me. "No, no, that won't do," she said. 

She took my arm, "we'll be right back," she told the guys. 

She guided me to her room. I was slightly shorter than her, but other than that we were the same size. 

"Let's get you something that will make everyone jealous that our men have such sexy women with them." She explained. 

She pulled out a red wrap dress. It was beautiful. Then she turned to me and started to undress me. I should have stopped her. I could undress myself but somehow I was mesmerized by what she was doing. There was something inside me that was enjoying her taking control. 

She pulled my top up over my head. I lifted my arms to help her. Then she undid my jeans and pushed them down over my hips. She knelt down in front of me and pushed them the rest of the way to the floor. I was aware her face was right in front of my crotch as I stepped out of my jeans. I was wearing a mismatched bra and cotton panties. I felt a little embarrassed wishing I was wearing something prettier. 

She helped me try on the wrap dress. It looked good on me. The neckline dipped a little deep. My bra showed. 

"I have a pin in my purse," I suggested. 

"Don't be silly, we'll just lose the bra," she replied. 

We'll? I thought.

I should have protested. Instead I pulled the dress off my shoulders and removed my bra. 

"Nice tits," Karen observed. 

I blushed, but I also felt a little pride. "Thanks," I said. 

I tied the wrap of the dress closed. I admit I looked good. 

"I can see panty lines," Karen said. 

"I can go change," I volunteered. I had thongs in my bag. 

"Nonsense, just lose the panties," she said matter of factly. 

I just stood there. I wasn't sure what to do. 

"Oh come on," she said. "I'm not wearing any."

She pulled her dress up to her hips to show me. I noticed her pussy was shaved bald. 

I hesitated for a moment then reached under my dress and pushed my panties to the floor. I stepped out of them and picked them up. I hadn't gone pantyless for years. I realized I still liked the feeling. I felt naughty. 

I stood there holding the panties in my hand. 

"I'll take those," said Karen.

Absentmindedly I just handed them to her.

"Let's go," she said. 

We headed out to join the guys. 

"Ok, you girls look hot," said Paul. "Don't they?" He asked Mark

"They look very nice," Mark agreed. 

"Nice?," exclaimed Paul. "Nice? They looking fucking fantastic. Hot as hell. Everyone will be jealous of us tonight."

"Oh," said Karen. "And just so you know, neither of us are wearing underwear." 

She handed my panties to Mark. He just stared at them. 

"Even better," said Paul. "Let's go."

We all headed for the door. Mark, not knowing what else to do, put my panties in his pocket. 

As we walked out I noticed Paul's hand on Karen's ass. I was kind of jealous. I looked at Mark. He smiled at me. 

I climbed in the car and my dress at the wrap split open almost to my pussy. I looked to see if Mark noticed. He had, he was staring. He didn't say anything. I caught his eyes and smiled. Mark looked confused but didn't say anything. Then I noticed Paul looking. He gave me a big smile and a thumbs up. I blushed and my body flushed and felt warm. 

We headed for dinner. We were led to a square table and we all sat down, Paul on one side of me Mark on the other. As I sat down the dress again fell to either side of my legs. When I looked up Paul had a big smile for me. Mark kind of looked puzzled.  

Dinner was nice, good company, good conversation. I forgot completely about my dress. At one point I dropped my napkin. I bent down to pick it up. As I did my legs spread a bit. I looked up Paul was grinning. I realized my pussy was on full display. I blushed and threw my napkin at him. He just laughed and said beautiful. 

I closed my legs and wondered what he thought. Karen's pussy was shaved clean. Mine was close cropped and bikini trimmed but not bald. Funny, I didn't mind that he saw me, I was worried he might not have liked what he saw. 

Mark just looked at me. We continued dinner, still having fun. As we left the restaurant Mark asked me why I threw my napkin at Paul. I explained how I flashed Paul and what he saw. 

Mark just said, "Oh."

We all got into the car. Mark and I sat in the back seat. Again my dress fell apart. Karen had turned in her seat. 

"I hear you gave a Paul a little show at dinner," she laughed. 

I blushed. I was surprised when Mark answered. "Yeah, I missed it."

Mark never talked like that. I was shocked. 

Karen reached back and playfully and pushed one half my dress away from my leg. "I wanna see," she said. 

I blushed again but didn't adjust the dress. I was enjoying the feeling of being exposed and being noticed. 

"Nice," she said. Then to Mark, "What do you think?"

Mark looked like a deer in the headlights. "Ummm..."

"Come on," said Karen. "She is one hot sexy woman."

"Yes she is," said Mark

I was surprised, again, hot and sexy were not words Mark would normally use to describe me, but I liked it. 

I was feeling naughty. I didn't cover myself the whole way home. I wasn't even careful when Paul held the door for me as I got out of the car. Paul got a great eyeful. 

"Hey," laughed Paul. "Your sexy wife is flashing me again." 

Mark just laughed. 

Me? I was feeling sexy. I was enjoying being admired. I forgot how much I enjoyed it and realized that I missed it. 

Karen said, "I missed it," in a pouty voice. 

What the hell I thought. I was a little ahead of the three of them. I pulled my dress up in the back and showed my ass. 

"That better?" I asked. 

"Much," said Karen. Then she added, "Mark, what do you think of your wife's sexy ass."

"It's gorgeous," he said. 

I was still processing how Mark was relating to this, but so far so good. 

We went to have one last drink on the deck. Karen and I were leaning over the rail looking over the water. It was beautiful with the sounds of nature filling the air. 

"This is beautiful," I said. 

"Almost perfect," said Paul. 

"Almost?" I asked. "What could be better?"

Karen laughed. "I know what he wants."

Looking at the water, her back to Mark and Paul, she reached down and pulled the hem of her dress up over her ass. 

"That better?" She asked. 

"Almost perfect," said Paul.

Karen looked at me. I laughed. I grabbed the skirt of my dress and pulled it up over my ass. "How about now?" I asked laughing. 

"Perfect," said Paul. "Mark?" 

Mark looked stunned, not sure what to say. We all looked at him. 

"Ppperfect," he stammered. 

We finished off our drinks, neither Karen or I trying to cover up. 

Finally it was time for bed. We said our good nights. When Karen hugged me she grabbed my ass. Paul smacked it as I walked away. I giggled and called him a naughty man. He just laughed. 

When we got to our room I turned to kiss a Mark. He kissed me back. It was a passionate kiss. I slid my hand down his body to his cock. It was hard as a rock. 

"Oh?," I asked. "What made you so hard?" 

"You," was all he answered.

"Me? what about me?" I teased. 

"Looking at your ass," he replied. 

"You've seen my ass before," I reasoned. 

"Well," he said shyly.

"What?, you can tell me. Was it seeing Karen's ass?" I went on. 

"No," he said. Then sheepishly. "It was knowing another man saw you."

"So, me showing off to other men turned you on?" I clarified. 

"Yes," he said. He sounded like he was afraid I'd be mad. 

"Wow, I never knew that," I laughed and I kissed him. 

"Even Paul?" I asked. 

He blushed. I let it go. 

"It turns me on too," I said and kissed him, hard.

We couldn't undress each other fast enough. I was so wet I needed no foreplay. He was on top of me pumping me hard and I was moaning. Visions of Paul seeing my ass and pussy ran through my head. I thought about showing off to strangers. 

I rolled over so I was on top. As I fucked him I whispered in his ear. 

"So you liked me showing off my ass? Would you like me to do it again?" 

He moaned. 

"Oh? You'd like that? Strange men seeing my ass? I'd do that, it turned me on too."

He moaned again. 

I leaned forward and whispered in his ear, "and you know what else?" I paused and rolled my hips with his cock in me. "don't forget," I waited and pushed down hard on his cock. "When I got out of the car," I paused again. "Paul saw my pussy too."

That set Mark off. "Oh my god," Mark moaned as he started to flood my pussy with cum. 

The feeling of his cum hot against the walls of my pussy brought me to a moaning orgasm. "Oh god, oh god, fuck yes."

Fuck yes? I never used that term before when having sex with Mark. For the first time in years I swore during sex. 

We cuddled for a while. 

I spoke first, "You really like that another man saw me?"

He didn't respond. 

"It's ok. We never talk about our fantasies. I won't hold them against you. I love you," I went on. "Did you like that someone saw my ass and pussy?"

"I guess" he responded.

"Guess?" I asked. 

"Well, maybe," he said. Then "I'm tired let's get some sleep."

I didn't push it. He'd given me a lot to think about. He was bringing up fantasies I'd forgotten I had. How would he take it knowing I like showing off? I liked flashing people. I'd often masturbated to the thought of being naked in a group of men. 

These thoughts on my mind, I fell asleep. 

When I woke up Mark was already out of bed. I pulled on a pair of sweats and a loose t shirt and headed out of the room. As I turned the corner I stopped. Paul and Mark were sitting at the table eating. Karen was cooking and cleaning. All normal enough except Karen was wearing a tiny pair of boy short panties that exposed most of her ass. On top she was wearing a white tank top that exposed her navel. 

She turned and saw me. "Well good morning. Breakfast?"

It took me a moment to get my wits together and answer her. I nodded my head. 

She went around the kitchen as if nothing was unusual. 
