 Everyone having sex is at least 18. This is fiction, I made it all up so don't expect a realistic story. You won't get one. Warning: this is a self-edited story. I use Grammarly to help reduce my murder of the English language. Special thanks to goducks1 for his help. 

This is a "HALLOWEEN CONTEST 2018" story.

*****

Chapter 1 -- I Turn Eighteen

My family was always sort of odd, weird, and not like other families. Many would say my parents are eccentric. Isn't that what they say about all brilliant people? They seem to know everything. I am their youngest child. I have two older sisters, Emma who is twenty and Wendy who is twenty-six. With Wendy being eight years older, she never had much use or interest in me. I don't blame her, she is done with college and owns a nursery where she grows flowers and herbs.

I work for Wendy when I need money. She always needs some heavy lifting done for the nursery. Soil, fertilizer, and stones are heavy and back-breaking work. She treats me well, I can't complain. A nice side benefit is that many women go shopping there.

I often see Emma at home. She goes to a local college and is off to State college next year. She is into medicine and working towards an alternative medicine degree. For thousands of years, people have been healing themselves without a doctor. She even has me believing in it ... almost. 

My interest is engineering. Math and geometry come easily to me. My parents aren't rich, I will end up going to the local college for two years and then on to State like my sisters. Currently, I am in training for my last year of wrestling in high school. I have been state champion for the last two years and am favored to win again this year. I am active in the chess club and debate club. I love competition.

I am an average to maybe below average looking guy, medium build, short black straight hair. I am very strong for my size. I see guys much worse looking than me getting girls, yet no woman will even look at me. Almost eighteen-years-old, clear skin, muscles, popular, and involved with clubs where I meet women. Yet, I can't get a date. It's like my parents follow me around at school. Women look at me as if I am pathetic. I don't get it.

+++++

It's Friday night and it's my birthday today. Nobody said anything at school. It was kind of depressing. I get home and mom made my favorite, chicken kabobs. Oh joy, yippee. Oh wait, I hate chicken kabobs. I want pasta or lasagna. I nice roast beef would be ok. Nope, chicken and vegetables, healthy food. Swell. I try to smile to make mom happy.

We did have a birthday cake. Sort of. Six cupcakes with a candle in each. My parents got me a video game and my sisters each got me gift cards. It didn't take long before I was ready for bed. At least I can listen to my own music. I bought a good headset a while ago, they are awesome. I love digital music on a good set of headphones with extra bass.

It didn't take long for me to close my eyes and start beating my meat. Below average applies to my cock as well. I open my eyes to see cum shooting up and on to my shirt. Then I get the shock of my life when my sister Wendy is standing in my doorway. She is staring at me. She has a slight smile on her face.

Even though Wendy is much older, she lives at home still. She has no need to get away from our parents. Life is good for her I guess. It would be much harder and expensive to live on her own. Now, she can afford a nice car and other luxuries in life that Emma and I can only dream of.

Wendy says to me in a sexy voice, "Having a good birthday I see." I can't say anything. I am at a complete loss of words. "I would take that shirt off. Then I can give you my real present. You are eighteen-years-old now."

Holy shit, what is she suggesting? Wendy has a mature body compared to the good-looking girls at school. She has long swirling light brown hair. It seems to always be a mess and tangled. She doesn't seem to care enough to keep it nice looking. Her face is round and cute looking. Her legs are long and thin. She has small B cup breasts. They're perky and look good on her. Her frame is thin, huge boobs would look out of place on her.

She starts stripping off her clothes, I am mesmerized.

Wendy giggles, "Take off your clothes silly." I am quick to disrobe. I take it all off. She stops at bra and panties.

She looks at me, taking all of me into consideration, then says, "Boxers could have stayed, but this works as well. Get in bed."

I jump into bed. She closes the door and turns off the lights. She gets in bed, slides back into my chest, and pulls my arm around her and through her breasts. That is an awesome feeling, boobies touching my arm. They're soft and bouncy. I don't move for fear of pressing my luck. 

Wendy says to me, "Good night my love."

I lean forward and kiss her on the neck and shoulder, "Good night boss." She giggles.

We both fall asleep. I take much longer to sleep as my mind is very busy thinking about my sister. What the hell is going on here?

+++++

The next morning, she is gone before I wake up. I did get a great night sleep though. I am last to breakfast. Mom and Wendy are fighting over who cooks. While they decide who makes the next set of eggs, mine, Emma cracks the eggs and starts them in the frying pan. Mom and Wendy stare daggers at her but Emma could care less. She has a cute smile on her face. 

Emma is a lot like her older sister but more flamboyant, thinner, only A cup tits, but a charming personality that has made her a school favorite wherever she is. Men are driven to her, yet she rebuffs them like fleas. She has always been very nice to me. Almost overly nice like she is trying to please me all the time. She amuses me, and we get along great. She is off to do laundry and then shopping today.

After breakfast, I have a pool to clean and grass to cut. It's October now, this is probably the last cutting of the grass and next week I will be raking leaves. The pool is heated, it's been a warm fall, I still get to clean the pool. Tomorrow I have gutters to do. That will suck badly, they are gross. Oh, lucky me. On a positive side, Emma is out suntanning and topless.

What? Topless? I have never seen that before. I am staring, she knows I am staring, she lays her head back. I think my sisters have gone mad. I cut the grass and take nice long looks while I clean the pool.

As I walk close to my sister, she leans over, and in a seductive voice says, "Fucking pervert."

I was leaning in to hear her. I stand up and turn away. Now I feel the guilt. I was staring at my topless sister, one of my best friends. I feel small and insignificant. I want to curl up into a ball and hide. My confidence is shot, I feel terrible. How can I look at her again? 

I quickly finish the pool and then run up to my room. I strip down and take a shower. I want the grass clipping and sweat off me. More importantly, I want to wash the slime off me. That thin layer of being a useless slug and perving on my topless sister. My sisters and I share a common washroom. Small house syndrome. When I finish, I dry off and open the door, so I can return to my room. 

My sister is standing there, waiting for me. I only see her legs, I am looking down. I quickly close and lock the door. She shouts at me to open the door. I turn my back to the door and slide down to the floor. My hands are over my head and my head is between my knees. I feel sick. I will never look at my sister again the same way. I may never look at her again. I have tears in my eyes.

My sister is banging on the door and threatening me to open the door or else. I ignore her, and she eventually storms off. I wait half an hour or so, all the while feeling sorry for myself. Eventually, I get up, wrap a towel around me and run to my room where I close and lock my door. Nobody attempted entry. I crawl into bed, under the blanket, and fall asleep.

+++++

I wake up to a warm and loving feeling. It's hard to describe, it's like the air around me contains love. As my eyes open, my mother is in my room, sitting on the edge of the bed, and staring at me. There is a strong resemblance between my mother and sisters. That brings back the guilt and bad feelings. I roll over and away from my mother. That warm and loving feeling is gone, now there is anger. I can feel it, yet mom doesn't say anything. She doesn't need to, I sense her disappointment in me. It is a very strong feeling and that makes me feel worse. I hear her sigh and then leave, without ever saying a word. I told you my parents are weird.

She left the door open and my sister comes in next. She too sits on the edge of my bed, I now feel pity and sadness. I am not sure if the sadness is hers or how she feels for me. I can't look at her. I have withdrawn into a cocoon mentally. I am too ashamed of myself. I betrayed her. I am surprised at how powerful my emotions are.

Without saying a word, Emma also leaves my room. I fall asleep for the afternoon. I hear mom announce dinner is ready and I continue in my self-pity. It's dark outside when I feel someone on my bed again. I know it's Emma. She pulls up the blanket and gets in bed with me. I only sense sadness now. I roll over, away from her. I hear her, she seems amused at me. Why is she here? Is she tormenting me? Does she feel sorry for me?

I would tell her to go away but that seems pointless, that would start a conversation I don't want to have. She puts an arm around me and spoons me. Now I know both my sisters have lost their marbles, crazy as they come. With sadness in the air, I fall asleep.

Chapter 2 -- Work

The next morning, I wake up alone again. I don't want to be at home. I put my clothes on and then I can sneak by the kitchen to get out the door and make my way to Wendy's nursery. Our bedrooms are on one end of the house. Our parent's bedroom and washroom are above ours. At the end of the hallway is a foyer that leads to the kitchen, living room and the outside door. At the nursery, I can do some hard, physical work, and clear my mind. My mom, dad, and Emma are all in the kitchen eating breakfast. I walk by quickly. Awesome, I made it!

Before I hit the front door, I hear my dad yell, "Jason!" I stop dead in my tracks. "Come have breakfast."

I yell back, "Sorry dad, I am on my way out. I need to go." I start walking again.

Mom yells out, "Jason! You need breakfast, honey. Come back here. Your sister can wait."

How does she know where I am going? Where else would I go?

I go back into the kitchen and can't look at my sister. She tried three times to talk to me like nothing happened. I am silent as I wolf down my breakfast. Mom tries to engage me, epic fail on her part. I don't want to talk to anyone. Yes, I am a bit moody. I always have been. Ok, ok, yes, it was a lot more than just a bit moody, deal with it!

I pop up, place my dishes in the sink and then I am out of the house. I hear the front door open. Is Emma going to follow me? That causes me to start jogging into town. It's a two-mile run, she won't follow me. When I get to the nursery, there are seven pallets of stone and dirt waiting for me to put away. I don't even say hi, I get right to work. I have more than a day of work here, I will work through lunch. That way I can get it done before it turns dark. I don't like leaving deliveries outside of the locked gate. The delivery people drop the pallets off as close as they can for us. I guess that is something.

A bit after lunch, Wendy shows up with a salad and a lemonade. I guess I can take a few minutes. Lucky me, she wants to talk. Even better, guess what she wants to talk about?

Wendy seems apprehensive in broaching the subject, "Soooooo. I take it things are chilly at home. Huh?" I don't reply or even acknowledge her. "She likes you and is trying to bring you out of that protective shell you place around yourself." I continue to ignore her, I don't need this shit.

Wendy continues my harassment, "Wow, she really got to you I guess. Right under your skin. Don't take it personally, she is just trying to help you." 

I look at her with anger and fury in my eyes. She senses my displeasure and walks away. I think I made her cry, now I feel even worse. I go back to work, busting my back to help her out. With my anger, I get through the work faster than I thought. It's starting to get dark. I have a long walk home and my back is sore as hell.

Wendy was going to ask me something, my angry look made her think differently. I write down six hours worked, that's what I normally do. Any more and she must pay me insurance. It's a long painful walk home. I am going to need a steaming hot shower. I get home and Emma is in the shower. I lay down width wise on my bed. I can't move a muscle.

I hear Emma finish, I am too sore to get up. A short while later she walks by my door, pauses, and then continues to the kitchen or living room. Soon after footsteps are coming back to my door and someone stops in the doorway.

I must look and smell like a street bum. I have dirt and sweat covering my body. My shirt and pants are wet from being soaked in sweat. I can't even stand my smell, I can only imagine how offensive I am o others.

Mom tells me, "Jason baby, dinner is in the fridge for you. You NEED a shower. I will be in bed if you need a massage."

A massage sounds good, but I need to get up and right now, that's a bad idea. I stay on my bed. Mom must have changed into her nightgown; her footsteps are softer. She is in my doorway again.

Mom sounds concerned, "Jason, is something wrong? Do you need your sister to help you?"

I am quick to shoot that down, "NO!" Stronger than intended. "I am just tired and sore. I will be ok," in a much more pleasant voice.

She isn't buying my story, she calls down to Emma, "Emma! Come help me with your brother."

Screw that, I slip off the bed and on to my knees and straighten up. I am wincing from the pain. Mom helps me. I stand up but am unsteady. I start shuffling out my door, down the hall, and into the washroom with the shower. Emma shows up with a smile on her face and they both want to come in and help me.

I am short with them, "I am fine! I can shower by myself."

Mom completely ignores me and helps me pull off my shirt.

Emma adds, "Mom, I think we need to burn that before the EPA quarantines us."

I can't stand straight and offer no help in removing my pants. Emma pushes me back, so she can help. Quickly I have no shorts or boxers on.

I strongly object, "HEY! What the hell! I don't walk in on you two naked."

Mom counters me, "You need our help. Get in the shower," she tells me as she shoves me into the back of the shower.

I reach for the hot water and ignore all but a tiny bit of cold. How am I going to bend over and pull the bath plunger up which starts the shower? Mom reaches down and does it for me. What the hell is she doing in here? She only had on a sheer nighty and now it must be transparent. Oh fuck, I am in trouble if dad is home and catches us.

I complain, and this time a little whiny, "Mom. Please. What would dad say?"

My ever-loving sweet mother explains, "Oh shut your trap and soak in the hot water, you dummy. What the hell were you thinking? Moving seven pallets of dirt and rock. If you weren't so surly, you would have had a ride home."

I am leaning against the wall with the water coming mostly straight down. It feels good, I don't smell anymore. I am still sore. Mom grabs a small towel and proceeds to wipe down every part of my body. As she closes in on my private parts, I start to resist. She will have none of that. She washes my nuts and strokes my cock a few times. I am wilted and embarrassed.

Mom has a way with words, "What, nothing for your old mom, naked in the shower with you?"

I am curt in my response, "Mom, I am not having this conversation."

Emma proves she is still there, "Is that all you have?"

Great, just what I needed, a negative shot to the self-esteem. There it is again, I feel sadness around me. It reflects my feelings dead on. I am embarrassed standing here with my naked mom, my sister watching me, and now she shoots down my flaccid male member. I don't even want to think of a more humiliating situation because it would probably happen. My head hangs in shame. My shame is thick in the air. Even mom and Emma are silent now. Can they feel it like I can?

I push my way out of the shower and past both without even looking at mom. No turning off the shower or drying off, I surprised them. I close my door, lock it, and then lay face down on my bed. I hear my door wiggle from them trying to enter my room. That slowed them down for five seconds, they follow me into my room.

I am enraged now, "What do you want from me? Haven't you humiliated me enough yet? You touched me and belittled me. I hope you had a great time."

The hand that was rubbing my back stopped and pulled away. They both stand looking at me. I can almost feel them giving me pity. They walk out and close the door. I am hungry but too sore to get dinner. I will go without.

+++++

I am woken up a few hours later by Wendy. She looks like she is dressed up for going to a bar or something. Tight revealing clothes. This is very much not her typical look for home or work. She forces me to turn over and move up the bed. I have my back up against the wall. I am still naked and too sore to care. She gets up on the bed, knees on both sides of my hips then sits on my legs. She leans over and picks up a Chinese carryout container and a fork. I reach for the fork and she slaps my hand. She spears a sweet and sour chicken bite and feeds me.

Wendy now scolds me, "What were you trying to prove today? That was two days of work there. Was it really worth it for this?"

I explain, "I was punishing myself. Yesterday I was staring at Emma sunning topless. She made me realize what a horrible person I am. Yes, it was worth it."

Wendy is confident, "I think she was baiting you. Has she ever gone topless before?"

I am frustrated, "You don't understand, she is my sister. I can't do that."

She traps me, "You liked it but know it's wrong because she is your sister."

I sigh, "It wasn't so much what she said but how she said it that made me feel so ashamed and guilty. I deserved it."

Wendy smiles at me, "That's what I like about you. You care. You care about me, Emma, and our parents." She pokes my chest. "You are the only person you don't care about. I want you to come with me this year. Every year for Halloween, there is a huge party by the college. I usually get so shit faced I can't remember anything."

A little voice goes off in my head, "The women are drugged, we fuck them all night. It will be a ton of fun. Bring lots of girls."

Stunned, I ask Wendy, "What did you just say?"

She says, "I invited you to a college party on Halloween this year."

I hear the same message in my head. Oh shit, she didn't hear that. What the hell is going on with me? It must be from working too hard.

Wendy is waiting for an answer, "Well? Will you go with us?"

Wearily I ask, "Us?"

Happily, she answers, "Yes, Emma and me. This will be her third time. She loves this party. We look forward to it all year."

Yikes, "Um, I think I am volunteering at the high school this year. They are having a safe night for the little kids."

She isn't buying my excuse, "Nice try. Am I that awful? If you hate me for this just say so and I will go away." My face changes. "Oh, I get it. You can't look at Emma. That's why you did this to yourself. Tough! By Halloween, you two will be talking again. I guarantee it. We will find you a woman. You will have plenty of sex at that party."

Now I am scared, "Should a high school kid be going to this party?"

She laughs at me, "No, but I say you can. You are good looking, many women will want you."
