 This is very short story based on a request I got.

Your comments, criticism are always welcome!

***

As she loaded her clothes into the washing machine, Lisa saw unmistakable cum stain on her panties. At first she suspected her husband. But she knew it wasn't his style. Then her mind went to her son, Dan. At first she let it go. After all her son is only eighteen and he probably got horny and used her panties without thinking. It won't happen again. But it did. Two more times, she saw cum stains on her panties. 

But this time, instead of getting angry for her son's nasty habit, Lisa got excited. At first she thought it was because an eighteen year old kid paying attention for her forty-four year old body. She found herself touching herself as she imagined how Dan was using her panties and realized she was excited because of the idea of her 'son' using her panties to jerk off. She felt sick. But the days go by, she saw more cum stained panties and the sickness she felt went away. She saw Dan was getting more bolder with his little habit. She found her panties going missing and ending up with her laundry.

Lisa wanted to see her son jerking off. So she set it up. Like always she put her clothes in the hamper. But this time she watched her son closely. She saw Dan getting into the laundry room and she followed him. Lisa spied on her son as he jerked off using her panties. She was getting more and more excited. She wanted to do more than watching. She wanted to act out on her fantasies.

"Dan!"

As soon as he heard his mom's voice, he dropped the pair of panties in his hand and turned around. 

"What the hell are you doing?" Lisa asked.

"I'm sorry mom... I just..."

"You're just what? Jerking off to my panties?"

"I..."

"Do you have any idea what's your dad going to do to you!?"

"Please mom... please don't tell dad! I won't do it again!"

Lisa was enjoying herself. Seeing her son begging with his rock hard cock hanging out was exciting for her. 

"Get out of your clothes."

"What!?"

"You don't want me telling dad do you? Remove your t-shirt and pants!"

Dan slowly got rid of his clothes.

"Pick up my panties, go to your room, and lay down on your bed!" 

Dan picked up her panties that was wrapped around his cock moments ago and walked towards his room. Once he was laying down on the bed, Lisa grabbed her panties and wrapped them around his cock. 

"Mom! What are you-"

"Shut up you little perv!"

Lisa began jerking off her son. She teased him mercilessly and whenever he got closer to release, she stopped. Dan's cock turned into bright red as it begged for release.

"Oh god... mom please!" Dan begged.

"What Dan? What do you want?"

"Please..."

"Do you want to cum sweetie?"

"Yes mom please!"

Lisa sped up. And as soon as she saw Dan was verge of exploding, she let go of his cock. Few seconds later Dan came, shooting rope after rope of cum out of his beet red cock. His come covered his body and her panties. 

"Oh mom... Oh fuck!"

Once her son stopped leaking cum, Lisa wrapped her fingers around his cock and began teasing its sensitive head with her thumb. Dan squirmed on his bed. 

"Did you enjoyed that sweetie?"

"Ye... yes mom."

"Hmm... you ruined my panties! You batter clean it up!"

Lisa unwrapped her panties out of his cock, cleaned his body with it. Then she brought it closer to Dan't mouth. 

"What are you waiting for sweetie? Clean it up!"

Dan knew what his mother asking him to do. But he was disgusted. But knowing it is the only way from keeping his mom from telling his dad, he had to do it. Dan took the panties from Lisa and began licking it clean. Lisa watched her son licking his own cum out of her panties. She felt herself getting wet. 

After Dan finished up, without a word Lisa dropped her jeans and panties, and jumped on to the bed. She got on top of shocked Dan and sat down on his mouth.

"What are you waiting for sweetie?" Lisa rubbed herself on her son's lips.

Dan began eating his mom's pussy. Lisa watched Dan's nose getting jammed up on her blonde pubic hair covered mound and laughed.

"Do you enjoy yourself honey?" 

Dan mumbled. Lisa grabbed his hair and began fucking his mouth. After grinding on her son's mouth few more times, Lisa came. She waited until Dan cleaned her pussy and got up. She was greeted with Dan's hard cock.

"Hmm... hard again huh?"

She then mounted herself on his cock. It was much bigger than her husbands and she felt the difference. She began riding her son. 

"You want to fuck mommy don't you honey?"

"Yes... yes!"

She wrapped her hand around Dan's neck and began choking him as she sped up. 

"You're your mommy's little slave don't you?"

"Yes mom..."

"Good boy."

Lisa felt her orgasm building up and sped up. Few seconds later she came again and saw her son is getting closer too. She again rode him until he was about to cum and pulled herself off of his cock. Poor Dan shot his cum into the air again. 

Lisa laughed and collected some of his cum on to her index finger. 

"Good boy..." Lisa said as she pushed her finger into her son's mouth.