 This is an unashamed attempt at a 'stroke' story.

Enjoy it, if you like that sort of thing.

LB

*****

Ross heard her moving around in the bedroom above his head and knew that he had to act now. He had taken the tablets about an hour previously in preparation and despite his misgivings he could not delay any longer. He started the reluctant climb up the stairs with his tread slowed by the weight of the implications of what he was about to do ... something that no son should ever have to do.

He arrived at the landing and moved towards the bedroom door and opened it without knocking. She was seated at her vanity unit applying blusher to her cheeks with a wispy brush and gave a startled yelp and glared at him in the mirror.

"I thought I had brought you up better. You should knock before entering a lady's bedroom; I might have been undressed."

He looked at her clothing, what there was of it, and sneered.

"You are undressed. Look at you. There's more air than material if it's anything like your normal attire."

His mother glanced at herself in the mirror and smiled in satisfaction at what she saw.

"Yes, sweetie, this new dress gives just the appearance I was going for. Do you like?"

Ross ground his teeth in anger before launching his tirade.

"No, I don't fucking 'like'. You look like a hooker. I can see most of your tits and if the split in the front is anything like at the back ... well let's say I hope you had a Brazilian."

His mother was startled by his angry tone and pursed her lips in distaste.

"Please don't be so crude. This dress is designed to show of a woman's assets to attract ... well ... you know ... I need to do this ... it's my time of the month ... we've spoken about this before ... I need to go out and find a man. Since your father passed away, I have needs that ... umm ... aren't being met."

Ross snorted in derision.

"What you mean is that you need to go out and pick up some stranger to fuck you for two days whilst you ovulate ... like a bitch on heat."

His mother, Sophie, looked like she had been slapped and her voice was angry.

"Ross, I'm warning you. You're not too old at 22 for me to ground you. Will you please leave so I can finish getting ready? We'll talk about this in a few days when you have calmed down."

"When you've staggered back from wherever you've been shacking up you mean. At least when you play away, I don't have to listen to you screaming your head off to be fucked harder and deeper and longer for two days. I don't have to meet strangers coming out of the bathroom or hanging about in the kitchen ... this is my home too, you know. Do you know how embarrassing it was to meet ... what was his name Scott ... last month? For fuck's sake I went to school with his younger brother. Now all of my mates know that my Mum puts out for any young guy in the neighbourhood."

Sophie looked embarrassed.

"Yes, well, that was unfortunate. He looked older in the club and I thought because I'd gone up West that I wouldn't meet anyone who might know me ... mind you ... he was very ... err ... physical ... but moving on, will you get out, please."

"No!"

She looked surprised.

"What do you mean, no? Get out!"

"No! I'm not going and neither are you."

"I beg your pardon? You think I'm not going because you say so? You don't get to run my life you know. Your father tried it and look where that got him."

"Yeah, an early grave."

He took a deep breath. It was time.

"You are not going. Not because I say so but because you don't need to."

She looked at him in confusion.

"I'm sorry but I don't understand what you are saying. We have talked about this. Unfortunately, I get very horny when I ovulate and ... yes ... you used the expression 'bitch in heat' and I guess it is a sort of animalistic, primaeval thing when I'm at my most fertile. The end result is that I ... umm ...need sex and when your dad died ... well I needed an outlet."

"Yeah and look where that got you. Twice you've ended up with guys who've hurt you and there's been at least one case of ... well ... let's say I hope the medication worked."

He stopped and his demeanour changed and his face and voice softened.

"Mum, I worry about you. I know you have your 'needs' but it scares me that you could end up getting pregnant or meeting a serial killer or rapist and get very badly hurt ... or dead. I couldn't bare to lose you. I love you too much."

Sophie could not but be affected by the sincerity and smiled lovingly and stood up to hug her only son.

Ross stood and gazed at her as she moved towards him and had to admit she looked hot, very hot. The dress was essentially two bits of material running down her sides joined by criss-crossed ties down the front leaving lots of bare skin on display from her large boobs down to well below her navel at the front. The split at the back only had one tie, at the top, and showed skin all the way down to the crease of her buttocks and the band of her thong was on display. Short modesty panels covered her pussy and arse. Her toned and fit body was displayed to maximum effect and he had to admit that she looked very good for a 41-year old, she could pass for 10 years younger. His cock stirred in his trousers at the sight of her and he was glad that he had taken the pills.

Sophie saw the look on his face and smiled to herself as if Ross was looking like that then she would have guys eating out of her hand tonight.

"Oh, sweetie, don't worry. I'll be safe. I always make sure they use protection and I have my pepper spray and personal attack alarm."

She hugged him, being careful not to smudge her make-up or disturb her naturally platinum blonde hair done in an artfully messy bun. Ross put his arms around her and could feel her warm skin against his hands. The feel of her body and the smell of her perfume pumped more blood to his strengthening erection. He had lost his anger but not his resolve.

"No, Mum, you are not going out. I will sort it for you."

Sophie backed away from the hug and looked up at her much taller son in puzzlement.

"You will sort it? How?"

He looked down at her pretty face and he started to stammer as he reached the crucial moment.

"Me ... I'll do it ... I'll have ... err ... sex with you."

Sophie screwed her face up in disbelief and then giggled.

"You ... are going to umm ... fuck your mother ... oh sweetie, that's a really good joke but ..."

Ross got angry again.

"It's no fucking joke. I'm going to screw you senseless for two days so you don't need to go out and get into any danger."

She looked slightly askance at his anger but was still smiling and giggling at his humour. Misplaced humour maybe.

"But Ross, sweetie, I'm your mother. I think that's called incest and would make you a mother-fucker. Anyway, I don't believe you think of me that way. I've never found any of my knickers missing and there's no mum-son porn on your computer ..."

"What the fuck? You've been looking on my computer/"

Sophie realised she had said too much and looked guilty.

"Err ... yeah ... sorry, I was looking for some photos and accidentally ended up ... well never mind ... my observation still stands. You don't think of me sexually, so how's that going to work?"

Ross smirked down at her.

"You think you are so fucking clever. Under normal circumstances you may be right as I've never lusted after you but seeing you in that dress might just have changed my view. In addition, I took both Viagra and Cialis tablets and look what it's done."

He grabbed her by her buttocks and pulled her tight against his burgeoning erection and ground against her. Her eyes widened at the feel of the large bulge and her needy pussy reacted to the stimulation. She felt her juices starting to flow into her gossamer thin lacy thong.

She looked at him with a new-found appreciation but knew she couldn't allow this to happen.

"You feel huge. You certainly didn't get that from your father. However, you are not going to have sex with me.

He smiled confidently and shook his head.

"You still don't get it. You are not going out and I'm going to fuck you all weekend long."

She was starting to get annoyed with her son and aimed a slap at his face but he grabbed her hand before it landed and captured the other one as well and turned her around and pulled her back against his front. She was wriggling and struggling in anger but he was much bigger and stronger than her. Her annoyance was tempered by the feel of the big bulge pressing against her buttocks.

"Ross, stop this ... let me go ... I'm sorry I tried to slap you but this has gone far enough already. Let me go and we'll forget about this silly nonsense. We'll talk ... umm ... later."

He bent forward and whispered in her ear.

"No Mum, I'm doing this for your sake. My intention is to fuck you, several times, in all three holes over the weekend but if you have any requests just ask me as we go along."

Her eyes widened with shock ... all three ... she didn't normally do anal ... her thoughts were interrupted as he started to push her towards the bed. She tried to appeal to his logical mind.

"No, please Ross, don't do this. You're acting like a rapist ... the sort of person you said you were protecting me from. You're no better than them."

He chuckled in her ear.

"Nice try again, Mum. The difference is that I'm not going to leave you battered and bruised or lying dead in a ditch somewhere. I'm doing this as a gift from a loving son to his beautiful Mum. Relax, I think you're going to enjoy it. Just forget it is me and think I'm the stud you were going to pick up."

Sophie groaned in frustration but this turned to a moan of lust as he nibbled on her earlobe, something which always caused her pussy to gush and this time was no exception, despite the fact it was her son who was doing it to her.

"No, please don't ... no ...uhh ... Ross ... no don't do that ...ohh God!"

He was running little kisses along her shoulder, another thing that always set her motor running and continued to walk her towards the side of her big bed. He nibbled on her earlobe again, eliciting another moan of pleasure from his mother's lips as he manoeuvred her hands so that his left hand captured both of hers. He used his right hand to pull her back against his hardness and despite herself she felt her own hips grinding back to intensify the sensation.

"Now, do I have to tie you up or are you going to behave?"

Sophie tried to shrug off the increasing level of arousal she was feeling and put some anger into her voice.

"What? This isn't rapey enough for you so you need to tie me up?"

Ross laughed and kissed down her neck.

"I don't know, you may be into a bit of restraint play but I guess we'll find that out over the weekend or in the month's to come."

She moaned again as she felt his warm breath on her neck which she realised she was now bending to give him easier access as she craved the sensation. Her body was betraying her!

"What ... uhh ... do you mean ... month's to come ...no please ... ohhh ... no don't ..."

He had slid his free right hand up from her waist to capture her left breast and she knew he would feel the treacherous nipple firming under the skimpy material of her dress. Her breasts were feeling very sensitive as they always did at this time of her cycle and she knew that he could make her come just by playing with them. Her hips continued to writhe against his groin and she whimpered and moaned at the triple sensations of the feel of his huge cock against her arse, the butterfly kisses on her neck and the big hand gently caressing her breasts.

"Yes, Mum, month's to come ... this can't be a one-time thing ... I need to keep you safe ... but I was thinking that perhaps if we got you pregnant then that might take the edge off your urges ... what do you think?"

The thought of him making her pregnant just added to the lust building in her body as she subconsciously acknowledged that her fertile time was specifically for that purpose.

"Oh, Ross, please don't talk like that ... please don't you're making me ... "

He chuckled sexily in her ear.

"I'm making you what ... Mummy? Making you horny, perhaps? Well that's not right because we already know you get horny at this time and I bet if I lift up your dress I'll find some very damp knickers ... don't you? Am I making Mummy want to come? Is that what it is? Is what I'm doing bringing you ever closer to a nice big fat screaming orgasm. Huh?"

"No ... please ... no ... Yess ... fuck you ... yess ... Mummy wants to come ... please make me come ... please."

He laughed and released her hands and pushed on her back so she ended up standing with her hands resting on the bed. Ross undid the solitary tie at the back of the dress releasing her aching 36DD breasts which hung down from her chest. She relished the feel of the cool air on her hard nipples and then moaned as he reached both hands round her body to palm the heavy orbs. He bent his back over her and she felt his teeth nibbling along her spine as his thumbs and fingers tweaked an pulled her hard nipples making her groan. She pushed back against his hard bulge letting him know that she was ready to be taken. He was right, she was a bitch in heat and needed cock.

"Oh Ross, what are you doing to me, please darling, I want to come, make me come."

"All in good time, Mummy-dearest, but first I want to give you a mark of my love."

His started to pull and twist her nipples even harder and she felt him start to suck on her neck and she realised he was giving her love-bite and she started to get impatient.

"Ross ... stop teasing me and just fuck me. That's what this is all about ... you fucking me senseless was what you said well get on with it."

"Jeez, I was trying to make it less 'rapey' for you. Some people are never satisfied, but if that is what you want ...!"

He quickly stood up and undid his trousers and pulled out his massive shaft, all throbbing nine inches of it and flipped the skirt of his Mum's dress onto her back. She wiggled her hips encouragingly at him and he pulled the soaking wet thong down to her knees. Spitting onto the head of his rigid cock he smeared that and his natural lubrication around the head before sliding it up and down between the swollen lips of his mother's cunt to gather more moisture. They both moaned at the sensation and Sophie tried to look back between her legs to see what felt like a monster but could only see Ross's large balls.

Ross had been tempted to thrust in without warning but knew from past experience that he was too big for a lot of women and had no desire to hurt his mother. Sophie was moaning in frustration and wriggling her hips to encourage him to slide it in so he pouched the crown into the entrance of the very wet cunt before him and gently but firmly pushed.

Sophie groaned and her eyes bugged out as her son's huge member started pushing the velvet walls of her vagina apart in a way that she had never experienced before. No man's cock had ever felt this big and powerful and she started to hyperventilate.

"Fuck ... fuck ... fuck ... please Ross ... I never knew ... Jesus ... go easy ... you'll rip me open ... please baby ... ohgod ... please stop."

Ross didn't stop but kept up the steady onward pressure as his battering ram of a cock pushed through the feeble resistance of his mother's pussy walls as she moaned and wailed at the intense sensations that were focussed on the ongoing re-sizing of her stretched cunt. She felt a sharp pain deep inside her and realised that his cock had reached her cervix and was battering at the doors to her womb. She almost fainted at the feeling but Ross was now holding her by the hips and kept her upright. He leaned over to whisper lewdly in her ear.

"Only another inch or so to go, Mummy. Do you want to go for the record? I've never got balls deep in a girl's pussy before."

He got no immediate response from his mother who was unable to speak from the sensations, both wonderful and painful, emanating from inside her loins.

"Maybe I should pull out and give you a break?"

Sophie still could not answer but fortunately, Ross, who was acutely aware of the potential damage his massive tool could do inside a woman's body, started to pull back. Sophie felt the absence of his wonderful rod almost as keenly as she had felt it's first incursion into her drooling slot and moaned anew.

"No, sweetie, don't ... don't ... your big cock feels so good in me ... just don't pull out ... fuck me ... but not too deep ... not in this position ... you're so fucking big ... I love it but we need to go slow."

Ross chuckled.

"I'm sure my infant body was bigger when I was born. Your cunt must have stretched when you gave birth to me."

Sophie laughed weakly and then whimpered as Ross started another inexorable inward thrust into his mother's stretched vagina. She was panting as she spoke.

"Yes, sweetie, but you haven't given me an epidural and Gas and Air. Trust me, you have a seriously big cock and you could do some damage with it."

Ross couldn't resist a bit of self-aggrandisement as he slowly pulled back out looking down at the bowed head of his beautiful mother.

"So, I'm bigger than anything you've ever had. I'm spoiling you for any man that comes after me."

Sophie may have been caught up in the feelings that his wondrous cock was causing but was not going to let that snide comment pass by. She turned her head to look back at her son with a glare as he smirked at her.

"Ross, don't be an arsehole. You've got a huge cock and, yes, it's bigger than anything I have ever had but do I really need to feed your ego? You're fucking your mother who's arse up, face down ... just be content with that."

He blushed and felt the need to apologise.

"Sorry, Mum ... I'm getting carried away with all this ... you feel so good ... I've never been in a pussy so tight ... ohhhh fuckkk ... what did you do there?"

Sophie giggled.

"Your old mum does her Kegel exercises regularly."

Ross smiled lovingly and bent over her back so that his head was alongside hers and their faces only inches apart.

"Trust me, you're not my 'old mum' you're a spectacularly beautiful woman and I don't know why I've not noticed how sexy you are before."

"Aw sweetie, that's a lovely thing to say ... umm ... you did say I could make requests, didn't you?"

"Yeah, name it."

"Can we do this missionary? I think the only thing holding me up is the fact that I'm skewered on you lovely cock. Who knows we might actually be able to go for the record in that position?"

Ross pulled out of her gaping channel and Sophie felt a sense of emptiness as he did so but they quickly rearranged themselves with Ross kneeling between the widespread thighs of the sexy MILF. He looked down at her taking in the red and swollen pussy lips and the prominent hood of his mother's clit. His gaze swept up to drink in the hard nipples on the pillows of her huge tit-flesh as they flattened themselves on her chest. He licked his lips at the thought of sucking and biting on those gorgeous globes but reckoned that niceties like foreplay would have to come later. He continued his inspection of her to take in the full lips and sparkling blue eyes of her beautiful face surrounded by the mess of her blonde hair. She was smiling back at him and holding out her arms to him, she needed him back inside her ... and quickly.

"Fuck, Mum, you're one sexy woman."

"Ross, stop talking and fuck me senseless like you promised."

He grinned sheepishly and nodded as he grasped his massive rod and aligned it into her still wet and gaping pussy. This time he seemed to slide in without too much difficulty and Sophie moaned her appreciation as she tilted her pelvis up to meet the inward thrust of her son's massive shaft.
