 Hey Guys, this story contains mother and son incest with a lot of anal play, if you are not into that I advise against reading. All the characters are over 18. I edited the story myself so please ignore any grammar issues. 

Do not expect a realistic story, this is most certainly a fantasy, but who comes to read about realism. 

Let me know if you guys think, the story is left open for more adventures to occur, but I will wait and see. Enjoy! 

*****

*****

"Honey... Breakfast is ready!" April's sweet voice rang throughout the house as she stood in the kitchen preparing breakfast for her beloved son. 

"OK...I'll be down in a minute...I am just getting changed." 

Kyle lay on his bed his eyes staring intently at his laptop screen as his hand was feverishly pumping his cock. He was currently completing his morning ritual of taking care of his morning wood, which he had to do every day. He watched as a busty blonde was riding cowgirl style with a 10-inch porn star's cock up her ass. She was slamming her ass down hard, taking every inch in her booty, her moans drowning out the obscene sex noises the scene was producing. 

Kyle's cock was rock hard watching the scene fold out in front of him. He loved the way the blonde's body would jiggle with every bounce, he loved the sexy moans escaping her mouth, but most of all he loved that the woman's ass was being plundered by an enormous cock. Kyle loved anal. Nothing turned him on more than thinking about shoving his cock up a girl's dirty back door. 

He closed his eyes feeling the rush of his orgasm wash over him. His cum began to bubble up through his balls and shaft until he started spewing forth cum as he reached the pinnacle of his orgasm. "Fuuuccckkk" He moaned to himself, feeling the hot ropes of cum splash across his chest and abdomen. Kyle produced a lot of cum, not that he had anything to realistically compare to, he knew that a lot of porn was fake, but he would consistently cum copious amounts every time he jerked off. 

Finally, his orgasm subsided as he could feel his heartbeat through his shaft. Following, his orgasm he had to start getting ready for school, he didn't want his mum worrying about him. He closed his laptop whilst picking up his cum rag he had next to his bed, as he began cleaning himself before getting changed. 

Kyle picked up his school clothes before walking to his ensuite bathroom to relieve his bladder. Whilst pissing in the toilet he expected himself in the mirror. 

Kyle had just turned 19 two months ago, and to be perfectly honest, he was very happy with his physique and the man that he was turning into. Kyle had short brown hair, with squinty blue eyes and a chiselled jaw. He had a terrific smile, something he constantly received compliments for. His body was well defined from all the sporting activities he was apart of. Being on the track team in summer gave him a glorious six pack while being a football player in the winter gave him a defined chest and shoulders. He was the fantasy of many of the girls at school but was still a virgin. 

Kyle had only recently grown into his body, puberty had been kind to him as he began to fill out. Sadly, before puberty he was practically unnoticed at school, causing him to become shy and reserved. Although his body had changed, his timid nature at school remained, choosing not to go out with the other jocks and not knowing how to speak to the girls in his year level. With his new sexy physique several girls had taken a chance at asking out Kyle but either he didn't read the signs, or he just wasn't interested. He wasn't into petite women, he liked a voluptuous girl with full breasts and thick thighs with a bubble butt. All the girls in his year level were just focused on being as skinny as possible, trying to fit into XXS clothing, which didn't turn him on at all. 

In addition to his attractive physique, Kyle also had been blessed by god with a beautiful cock resting below his six pack. He had a 11 inch thick cock, with a flared pink cock head. His shaft was the same colour as his olive skin and he liked to keep his cock well-groomed with only a tuft of pubes sitting above his shaft. Below his dick he had a smooth ball sack that produced large quantities of jizz. As part of the swimming team he had had to shave his entire body of all excess hair. Although he wasn't swimming anymore and had let some of his hair grow back on his body he liked having his cock and balls clean shaven, he thought that made it look bigger and sexier. 

Kyle finished inspecting himself as he got changed and finally headed downstairs, smelling his breakfast wafting out of the kitchen. He walked into the kitchen taking his seat in front of a large amount of scrambled eggs and bacon. 

"You took your time, I thought your food was going to go cold." April commentated whilst sitting down opposite him with a much smaller plate of food. 

"Sorry...I just got distracted... looking at facebook" Kyle said in between mouthfuls of food. 

"You look a little flush, is everything alright?" April had a concerned look on her face. 

"Yeah...I'm fine" Kyle blushed a little, knowing his recent escapades had caused his face to turn slightly red. 

"Ok, just making sure honey...how is your breakfast?"

"Perfect as always, thanks mom you make the best food." Kyle smiled putting the last bite in his mouth. 

"You haven't even had a chance to taste it, you ate it that quickly" 

"I'm a growing boy mom, and I have to leave for school soon." He said as he sat back in his chair, his stomach full and happy. 

"Well I am happy I can satisfy you honey." April stood up, grabbing both empty plates and walking over to the dishwasher. Kyle watched as his mother ass swayed back and forth as she walked away from him, his eyes glued on her giant booty. This particular morning, April was wearing tight figure-hugging blue jeans that embraced her glorious butt. Kyle had no idea how she got her enormous rump in such tight pants, and wouldn't be surprised if they had been painted on. She was also wearing a tube top, exposing her lower midriff and pushing her tits up against her chin. Finally, April's hair had been pulled back in a high ponytail so it didn't get in the way while she cooked. In truth, Kyle's distaste for the petite women in his year level stemmed from his beautiful mother. He knew it was wrong, but he was secretly infatuated with his own mother. 

April was a milf. She was 165 centimetres tall with a voluptuous hourglass figure with milky skin. She had long brown hair, which she had added streaks of blonde throughout it. She had big blue eyes, the same colour as Kyle's eyes with lush plump lips and a cute button nose. She had a terrific rack, perky 34DD boobs that always looked that they had been painfully shoved into a bra and were just begging to released. She had a narrow waist, but her hips flared out accommodating a huge bubble butt, enhanced by her heels, his mother was always wearing heels. Any straight man would salivate over April, and her son was no different. 

Kyle's cock twitched as she bent over placing the plates in the dishwasher as he got an eyeful of her big ass. "Honey, are you coming home late tonight, do you have practice after school?" 

"Uuuhhhh...am I coming did you say?" Kyle was mesmerised and didn't register what his mother way saying. 

"No Honey" she giggled "Are you coming home late?" 

"Ahhh... no... Louis is coming over after school and we are going to do some study..." Kyle said his eyes still staring directly at his mother's butt which was still high in the air. 

"Ok honey well let me know if I can do anything for you" she said as she stood up from the dishwasher. 

'You can bring that giant ass over here and ride my cock' he thought... 

Suddenly he snapped out of it. How could he think of something like that, she was his mother! And on top of that he was a virgin, he didn't know the first thing about having sex in real life, everything he had learned was from porn. 

"Honey are you sure you're ok...you look even more flush" 

"I'm fine Mom, honestly don't worry about me" he said standing up grabbing his bag to place in front of his crouch, he had a raging boner that would surely be visible. 

"I should get going, don't want to be late for school." And with that Kyle turned to leave swinging his bag over his shoulder, with his back turned to her she couldn't see his cock straining his pants. 

"Hold on honey, where is my kiss goodbye?" April had her hands folded staring at her son, her arms pushing her boobs up showing ample amounts of cleavage. 

'Oh no' How was Kyle going to get out of this one. He quickly turned, briskly walking up to her and giving her a peck on the cheek. But as soon as he got close she pulled her son in for a motherly hug. Kyle tried to swivel his hips, trying to make sure his painful erection didn't push directly into his mother. He swore he felt the tip of his penis brush against her stomach, he prayed his mom hadn't noticed anything. 

"Have a good day at school honey" she said releasing him and letting Kyle leave her embrace. 

"Thanks mom" he said turning away and practically running out the door. April noticed that her son's face was even more red than before but chose not to say anything. She swore she had felt something hard brush against her stomach during their hug but again had chosen not to say anything. 

She turned away from the door giggling to herself. She still had it, every guy couldn't resist her, the fact that now her son was also getting turned on by her was devilishly naughty, but she knew nothing could happen. Incest was a line she never thought she would cross, and she had done a lot of kinky stuff in her past, but she loved her son and didn't want to ruin their relationship for her sexual needs. She sighed as she began cleaning up after Kyle left. Little did Kyle know that while his cock had been hard as a rock, April's pussy was sopping wet from the sight of her son, having his penis brush against her stomach had only turned her on more. 

'I will have to take care of this soon' she thought as she gently rubbed her clit from the outside of her clothing, giving her a jolt of pleasure. But first she had some errands to run before she could satisfy herself. 

*************

April was a single mom and had raised Kyle on her own ever since he was born. Truthfully, she didn't know who Kyle's father was, it was hard telling him that the first time he asked. But she had worked hard to provide for her son and was happy with the man she had nurtured. 

April was just about to turn 41, she had had Kyle when she was 22. April had a secret past that not even Kyle knew about. She had always been obsessed with sex. She lost her virginity very early in school and was known as the campus slut, letting any boy have their way with her. She loved everything about sex, the pleasure that she received having a cock ram her pussy, the enjoyment she got giving pleasure to a partner as she sucked their cock or the dirty taboo nature of some sexual acts further feeding her desire for sex, such as taking a dick up her ass. 

April's school life had been a sex craved adventure, so much so that when she left school she decided to join the porn industry. For 4 years April completed a wide range of scenes covering nearly every fetish in the industry. She had done anal, lesbian, gangbang, bukkake, double penetration, you name it April had probably experienced it. She went under a different name, May (I know another name named after a month) and become a successful porn actress. 

It was around this time she fell pregnant with Kyle, she honestly had no idea who's child it was... she guessed it was a black man due to Kyle's skin colour being darker than hers. Upon giving birth to Kyle she decided to retire as a porn actress, move away from Florida and start living a normal life as a mother. She had earned a lot of money through her work and was able to set up a home and take care of Kyle on her own. Her body had changed too because of her pregnancy. When she first started porn, she was a lot more petite, her body had not filled out yet. Pregnancy had caused her boobs and butt to gain weight...which she didn't mind...as she had filled out into the buxom beauty she was today. Furthermore, during her porn career, she had dyed her hair bright red as was basically unrecognisable today, no one would ever know it was her taking multiple cocks in her holes all those years ago. 

Although her porn career ended, her sexual libido still remained extremely high. When Kyle was young, she had multiple fuck buddies that would satisfy her high sex drive but as Kyle got older she also toned down her sexual encounters with others, choosing to pleasure herself with toys. She wanted Kyle to grow up and be a normal kid, that didn't happen when your mom was squirting over a thick cock every second night. In fact, her last sexual encounter had been over two years ago. However, she still masturbated every day, she owned a wide array of toys under her bed which she liked to rotate through. 

Overall April was happy with the way her life had turned out. She loved her son and the man he was becoming. She was initially worried that Kyle would remain a timid, boy but as he went through puberty she witnessed her boy turn into a young man and watched his confidence grow. To be perfectly honest, April knew her son was hot. He had an amazing body with such a handsome face, if she had been 20 years younger she would have sucked him dry the first chance she got. 

What made matters worse for April was she knew her son was also packing serious heat. A month ago, she had accidently walked in on him changing in the bedroom. Kyle had just gotten out of the shower and was completely naked. She gasped as her eyes wandered taking in the breathtaking sight of her boy. What shocked her the most was nestled between his thighs sat an 8-inch flaccid penis that was as thick as a soda can and was starting right back at her. She apologised profusely as she left the room, leaving her son embarrassed, but she couldn't get the image of his cock out of her head, and it made her pussy yearn for a release. She quickly ran to her room and began masturbating. She knew it was wrong, it was her son, but something about the taboo nature of the act drove her wild as she climaxed with her face in her pillow and her pussy squirting over her sheets. By the way, when April has an orgasm she squirts, a lot. The porn industry loved that about her and she enjoyed it, but it did cause some unnecessary mess sometimes, anyway back to the story. 

She felt ashamed but couldn't help herself. She loved her son more than anything but her sexual drive was off the charts and was clouding her judgment. Ultimately, she was able to keep her urges in check and they never spoke of the incident, but that didn't mean her mind didn't wander from time to time as she occasionally fantasied about sucking and fucking her sons beautiful cock...she really was a kinky milf. 

Back to the present, April had a lot of errands to run, and first things first she had to clean the house, it hadn't been cleaned in a while. She began in the kitchen and moved to the living room, vacuuming and dusting every inch of her house. The process of cleaning reminded her of a scene she had shot during her porn career. She was made to wear a skimpy maid outfit and ended up cleaning two cocks with her mouth instead of cleaning the house. 

"Fuck, I need a cock.." She said out loud to no one as she continued to clean the living room. Looking back on her time as a porn star was nice but really turned her on thinking about the sexual adventures she used to get up to and her pussy and ass were aching to be stuffed.

April finished cleaning downstairs and proceeded to clean the upstairs rooms, which included Kyle's and her own bedroom. She walked into Kyle's room, laughing to herself, it was a traditional 19 year old's room with clothes thrown all over the floor and papers stacked up on his desk. Lying on his bed, Kyle's laptop laid closed on top of the covers. 'He must have forgotten that when he was leaving for school' she thought to herself as she picked it up. 

April picked up the laptop and opened the lid, she didn't want to pry on her son's privacy but what she found she never would have expected. As soon as she opened the laptop the speakers began blasting with the sounds of a porno. 

"Fuck my dirty asshole, you filthy fucker!" The screen lit up displaying a girl aggressively riding a giant cock in her ass, both people were sweating and thoroughly enjoying their fuck session. 

April's mouth was open, she wasn't fazed by the dirty actions that were being performed but she was surprised to find such hardcore porn on her son's laptop, and he had clearly been masturbating last time he has used his laptop. April's mind went through an array of emotions, she was a little shocked that her son had been masturbating and to anal porn no less, but part of her was also excited. The idea of her son stroking his fat cock while watching this bimbo get reamed made her pussy wet. 

She placed the laptop down on the bed with the video still playing as she started rubbing her cunt. Her curiosity was now peaked, and her sexual thoughts were taking over from her motherly instincts. She decided she was going to see what else her son had been looking at. 

She closed the video with the blonde, in the video she had just gotten off her partners cock, displaying her gaping ass to the camera but April had more important things to do. She noticed that Kyle had multiple porn tabs open, all of them had a video loading with a girl that was going to or had already taken it in her ass. 'My boy clearly likes butt sex' she giggled to herself as she continued to look through his porn choices. 

After going through every tab she decided to look into his search history to get more information on what Kyle liked. Her snooping provided what she was looking for, her son was clearly into several certain categories. He loved voluptuous women, particular girls that had big asses. He also liked older women, a lot of his searches contained the words 'mature' and 'milf'. Finally, it was evident from the first video and his search history that he loved anal. Numerous searches showed her that her boy was a true anal pervert. Terms such as 'gaping', 'asshole', 'double anal' and 'anal orgasm' displayed that he really enjoyed seeing a pretty girl have her rosebud penetrated. 

April's pussy was sopping wet now, making her panties drenched in her juices. The familiar aching she felt in her holes was beginning to take over her as she was rubbing her clit harder and harder. April continued to look through Kyle's laptop until she reached it...'incest porn' and not any incest porn but mother and son. She literally had a mini orgasm reading that her son was into such a dirty taboo subject such as incest. 

She started masturbating properly, forgetting it was in her son's room, only thinking about the fact that her son was a nasty pervert and he had thoughts about mother and sons fucking each other. She ripped off her jeans and panties in one swoop, shoving three fingers directly into her wet snatch. She brought her other hand up to her puffy asshole as she began rubbing her rim. She was out of control with sexual desire and just needed the release only an orgasm could give. 

With her fingers penetrating both her holes and the idea of her son being as dirty as her it didn't take her long to reach her climax. She screamed out loud as her ass started convulsing and pussy started squirting her juice over her sons bed. Her orgasm lasted for what felt like 5 minutes, she hadn't cum this hard in a very long time. 

Eventually April came back to her senses starting to feel a little ashamed that she had just breached her son's privacy and squirted all over his bed... she was a perverted girl. She looked around, she still had her top on but her legs were completely exposed lying in her own juices. 
