 I have been married 4 years and my wife (now 30, I am 32) and I meet while we were in college. After we graduated from college we got married. It was a beautiful wedding but one thing was missing. My wife, Megan, father refused to attend the wedding. Megan father did not approve of her marrying a jock. A black jock at that. He was to walk her down the aisle and my father stepped in and walked her down the aisle at the last minute. Megan's mother, Helen (52 years old), attended the wedding and carried on like everything was OK but I could tell she was bothered by her husband not attending.

My name is Jeff and I never went with my wife to visit her parents and my wife only went back home once or twice after we were married. Her father made it clear what he thought of our marriage and for a while I thought about getting a divorce so she could reestablish the bond with her family. Mainly her father.

Six years passed and one day Megan received the dreaded news that her father had passed. Apparently he had a heart attack while playing his Tuesday morning round of golf. Both of us rushed to her mother's side and quickly I could see Helen was in no position to handle the arrangements or anything. I took charge as much as I could, with Megan's help, and she comforted her mother as much as possible.

While at the funeral home making arrangements Megan and I found out he was not on the golf course when he had his heart attack. He was at his long time mistress house. WOW!

My mother-in-law knew the lady and the mistress had been in her house on numerous occasions. There was very little Megan and I could do to comfort her mother but after the funeral and as days passed her attitude improved.

Eventually Megan and I moved in with her mother after we secured jobs in the city. I got a job working from 9:00 PM thru 6:00 AM and Megan worked at a bank from 10:00 AM thru 6:00 PM. My wife and I saw little of each other but always managed to catch up on weekends and days off.

Her mother had enough money so she no longer had to work and spent her days doing whatever she liked. She seemed carefree and was loving it. After a while we encouraged her to start dating but she had no interest. She made life easy for us and we did all we could around the house to make life easy for her.

During the day and after breakfast I usually stayed in my room until at least 1:00 PM and around the house I just wore a loose tee shirt, loose shorts and flip flops. My mother-in-law on the other hand always looked great, with just enough makeup, hair always in place and never wore pants or shorts. She always wore a dress or a skirt.

In the morning she loved reading the newspaper and to make it easier I bought her an E-reader and that she fell in love with it. She often prepared and ate breakfast with her head buried in the E-reader. When Megan would leave for work her mother and I were usually still at the table finishing breakfast.

Just as Megan walked out the door one morning her mother walked over and showed me an article on her E-reader. She leaned over my left shoulder and placed the E-reader in front of me.

As I read the article she placed her hand on the upper part of my thigh and rested it there. She started rubbing my leg very slowly and my hands started to sweat. Her hand moved up toward the inner part of my thigh and I started getting a hard on. She continued to rub my thigh as if it was no big deal.

The head of my dick started to peek out from the leg of my shorts. She didn't touch it but stared at it and moaned softly. She finally removed her hand and walked away like nothing had happened.

I went back upstairs and resisted the temptation to masturbate.

When Megan got home I mention the incident to her and she did not seem upset or surprised. She told me she knew her mother had fantasized about me and when I asked how she knew that she said, "Because she told me and besides fantasizing about someone is harmless. She always thought you were handsome". Oddly enough Helen also asked Megan how she could accommodate me sexually. She went on to say, "She heard black men were well hung and more than once she had heard us making love and sounded like I was more than Megan could handle".

I was a little surprised she could heard us without being near our room.

The three of us took a weekend trip together and got back early one Monday morning. We all slept in Monday (Megan did not go to work).

Tuesday morning breakfast was ready and Megan ate and ran out the door. Helen had moved her bedroom from the back of the house where she and her husband stayed downstairs to another room closer to the front of the house. Initially I thought it was so she would not hear us fucking.

As I was going upstairs to get some sleep Helen called out my name and I went to see what she wanted.

She was laying there in her king size bed, under the sheets but with the sheets pulled down enough to reveal her breast. Her tits were much bigger and firmer than my wife's. She just raised the sheets and motioned for me to slide in with her.

I froze. I was stunned. When I hesitated she threw the sheet back so I could see he entire body. Her cunt hair was sparse and darker than the hair on her head.

Before I could say anything my dick started to speak for me in my loose shorts. She saw my reaction and I slipped out of my shorts without saying a word. I didn't know what to do actually but when I slipped into bed next to her we both knew there was no turning back.

She said, "Use this KY gel. I asked one of my girlfriends what women used to accommodate larger men and she suggested this".

I squeezed it from the tube and greased myself. She never took her eyes off my dick and she complimented me on my toned body.

She said,"Come on, I'm ready for you".



I eased between her legs and she pulled me close.

She whispered, "I have heard you and Megan fucking. I won't break and I have been wanting your dick inside me for months. Give it all to me. Give it all to me".

Thanks to the KY gel I entered her with one swift stroke. She screamed as I buried the full length of my cock in her. She was wild and I held her close and told her to take deep breaths and just relax. I pulled partially out of her and plunged back in. Her legs went straight up in the air and she said, "YES, FUCK ME, FUCK ME GOOD".

I was in deep and she grabbed the cheeks of my ass and tried to pull me deeper into her and yelled, "Give me all that black dick".

This woman could take a dick. We were in rhythm with each other and I loved the feeling of her tight cunt as I withdrew and buried it deep in her over and over.

She said, "It feels so big and long. I wanna cum on your black dick and I want you to cum in me. Just fuck me".

She pulled her legs back to her breast as if to let me have all of her. She was at my mercy now and I slowly fucked her with long slow strokes. She went wild. I was hoping the neighbors or just people walking by outside wouldn't hear her. She couldn't move and I enjoyed dicking her in this position. I just kept riding her and putting my cock in her as far as it would go.

She said, "I wondered if I could take it all and I love feeling every inch of your dick. Fuck me good".

She climaxed several times in this position. When I turned her over to do it doggie style she protested saying, "I've never had it in my ass before".

I told her I was going to ride her cunt from the back. Still that seemed new to her and when I put her on the edge of the bed and positioned her I could tell she was nervous.

Her wetness allowed me to slip right in and deep. She gripped the sheets with both hands, closed her eyes and let out the deepest primal moan. I wish I had that sound on tape.

I pulled out and held just the head of my dick between her pussy lips. I grabbed her hips and moved her back and forth along my shaft. She threw her head back and said, "That feels so good". I told her to keep up that motion and she did. She had a rhythm and worked the length of my dick in and out of her cunt. She was beside herself. She said, "I've never had it this way before. It is so good. You are hitting the spot".

Finally she climaxed again and collapsed in front of me on the bed with her big full ass looking right at me. I kissed and sucked the cheeks of her butt until there were passion marks all over it. I flipped her over so I could taste her cunt but she stopped me. With no uncertainty in her voice she said, "I want your black dick, not your tongue".

I had not cum and I mounted her to fuck her some more. She did not protested saying, "Your dick feels so good, it feel so good". "Give it all to me. Bury all of that black dick in my white pussy".

Before I knew it we were both cumming. She held me tight and told me "don't take your dick out. Just lay it and keep it in me for a while".

I rested for about 20 minutes and then went upstairs and went to sleep. Right before my wife got home Helen came in and said, "That was the best fucking I ever had". Then she kissed me on the cheek and left.

When my wife got home I acted as normal as I could and my mother-in-law had gone to her bridge club.

Helen returned as I was leaving for work.

For the next two weeks I only had sex with Megan but several times Helen mentioned to my wife she thought she heard us fucking during the night.

When I got home the next morning Helen had breakfast ready but then retired to her bedroom. I thought Megan was gone since her car was not outside.

As I finished my breakfast and started upstairs Helen called me and I instantly got a hard on. I wanted to fuck her. One day after breakfast she had teasingly said, "I'll give you some real soon".

When I opened her bedroom door I got the surprise of my life.

She and Megan were in the room, waiting for me. Megan sat in a chair next to the bed and Helen was in bed. Helen reached out both arms and motioned for me to come to her. I looked at Megan and she smiled and nodded her head. No KY gel needed this time and I gave it all to her with one stroke. We fucked right in front of my wife but I never looked at Megan. I had Helen's legs up dicking her like it was our first time. Her cunt was tight and she was very vocal and a dirty talking woman.

She stopped me when she thought I was about to cum in her and she got up from the bed and Megan took her place. Megan was the best fuck and as always she accommodated my entire length. Her mother seemed amazed she could take it all. She watched it move in and out of her daughter. She seemed amazed Megan could take it. I stayed between her legs until we both started to cum and we climaxed within seconds of each other. When I withdrew my dick it was all wet with her cum and again her mother seemed amazed at the site.

Megan called in sick that day and the three of us stayed in bed until late afternoon.

I loved fucking Helen tight little cunt. Crawling in between her legs was the best. She was a good fuck but Megan could take my big dick and both loved it. Helen loved watching me cum when Megan jacked me off. That alone would almost make her cum.

Two women and I could have them both. It was the best and I had to pinch myself to make sure I was not dreaming. I wasn't.

I look forward to being thankful every day and always wonder if one or both will surprise me when I walk in the house. Don't see how I can go wrong either way.

To be continued............. 