 THIS IS A SEQUEL TO BOTH: ON THE BACKSEAT WITH MOM AND GRANDMA, AND IN A TENT WITH MY CUTE OLDER SISTER. MAKE SURE TO READ THEM FIRST TO GET THE FULL EXPERIENCE (WHICH IS VERY, VERY VITAL IN MY EYES. BELIEVE ME, YOU WON'T REGRET IT)!!!!!

Hi everyone! And welcome to the last part of the 'Family Camping' Trilogy!

Make sure to read the pervious installments to understand the full story.

The epilogue is told from Nick's perspective, the rest is in third person as usual.

Also, these stories take place in the same world as my previous series, see if you can find the little easter egg. (Hint: It's somewhere at the end :P)

Anyway, relax and enjoy!

*****

"Carrie! Goddamnit woman, wake up!" Shouted Marc as he shook his wife's leg back and forth, hoping to wake her up from her deep sleep.

The aggressive pushes finally worked as Carrie woke up slightly panicked.

"What?! What is going on?" She said as she quickly sat up, the sleeping bag covering half of her body.

"Finally! Look Carrie, something happened with the company back home so me and Dad have to return right away." Said Marc annoyed as he ruffled through his wallet.

Both Marc and Patrick owned a large company that focused on expanding company properties back home, the company also being one of the reasons why Carrie and Aileen had to spend most of their time alone or with their children and grandchildren. Both Marc and Patrick were workaholics and showed more love to their work than their own family. 

"Company? Marc, you are on vacation and we both know that there is enough personnel back home, you even made sure that there wouldn't be any problems." Responded Carrie as she was now fully awake. "Besides, you haven't even seen your daughter since she got here, you can't do that to her, to us!"

Aileen had woken up as well, she too took a sitting position before rubbing the sleep from her eyes. "Sweetie, what's going on here?" She asked. Her question was quickly ignored as Marc interrupted her.

"Who is the one that pays the bills Carrie? And the one that made this vacation possible in the first place? Me! Not Mom, not Nick, not Jenny and especially not you!" Shouted Marc, clearly annoyed that his once so obedient wife showed another side of herself. "I'm not going to discuss this with you, some things happened that we personally need to address them whether you like it or not!"

Carrie could feel her anger boiling up to eruption. "How can you say those things so blatantly? For fuck's sake Marc! We are your family, not some random shmucks from wherever! And I do think we need to discuss this right here and right now, I'm getting sick of you ignoring us, controlling us as if we are some puppets dancing to your desire!"

Aileen kept herself quiet but looked at her son with as much anger as her daughter-in-law, she had placed her hand on Carrie's leg to comfort her a bit. She couldn't believe how fierce Carrie had become over the last few days, standing up for herself and those dear to her.

"Oh cut the shit Carrie! Besides, Nick and Jenny rather be with 'Mommy' anyway, isn't that how it always has been?!" Responded Marc, ignoring most of his wife's words as he managed to find the credit card inside of his wallet, he took it out and flicked it towards her. "Here take this, it has enough money on it to last the remaining two weeks. We left the additional camping equipment outside so do whatever you want with it."

In one of the smaller tents outside were the two siblings overhearing their parents fighting each other with words. Nick and Jenny had also woken up from the sudden ruckus outside, both of them still naked and hugging each other. Nick hoped that his father didn't notice Jenny not being in the tent with his mother and grandmother as he surely knew that he would explode even further if he would find out that they were sleeping together again.

Jenny on the other hand hugged her brother close to her, small tears in the corner of her eyes as she overheard her father speaking about both of them, especially what he said about her. It was true that they weren't the closest daughter and father in the world, but she still loved him despite his flaws, but hearing him say all these things felt as if a dagger was being stabbed into her heart.

Nick felt his sister shuddering and knew that this was hitting her pretty hard. He pulled her closer and kissed the top of her head while he gently rubbed his hands over her body to comfort her further. "It will be over soon Jen..." He whispered to her.

"Don't you dare to leave us here Marc! And the same goes for your father, I know he is hiding inside the van like a coward! It was supposed to be a family vacation, all of us together!" Shouted Carrie after Marc who was already on his way to the driver's seat.

"Woman! You are here with your 'precious' family! Shit happens Carrie, so get over it!" Responded Marc in return before climbing into the van. He smacked the door close and started the engine right away.

Carrie and Aileen had made their way out of their tent. Carrie was on a war path, anger exploding inside of her because of her husband's and father-in-law's attitudes. But before she managed to intervene they already took off. "Fuck you Marc!" She screamed towards the van as it raced away, tears now streaming down her cheeks.

Aileen too was angry with her son and husband but she remained calm, her daughter-in-law and grandchildren needed her in her comforting and motherly way although she wouldn't mind smacking Marc and Patrick over the head right about now. She walked up to Carrie and pulled her in for a tight hug, stroking her hair as she softly cried. "Just let it go sweetie... I'm here for you..." She whispered to Carrie.

Aileen had experienced this behavior from her son and husband so many times that it became normal for her, but she knew that things would be changing after their vacation had ended, something she would personally attend to. They had crossed a final line, and when someone managed to cross that final line Aileen would not remain the sweet woman she always was.

As the two women hugged they could hear the zipper from Nick and Jenny's tent open up. It didn't take long before the two siblings made their way outside.

Carrie turned her head, seeing her son coming out of the tent first followed by Jenny who was holding hands with her brother. As soon as she saw her daughter's puffy, red eyes from crying she couldn't hold herself anymore.

Aileen let her go and watched as Carrie ran up to her daughter, seeing the two of them embrace into each other's arms. Jenny started to sob again as she apologized to her mother, thinking that she was the cause of her father's behavior because she came to visit them and therefor stirring up the fights and discussions they had.

"Shhh baby girl, nothing is your fault... Things have been changing between your father and me, nothing happened because of you baby..." Whispered Carrie to her daughter in her motherly, loving way.

Nick watched a few seconds before walking towards his grandmother, giving his mother and sister their time together.

Aileen held her arms open and gave her grandson another one of her loving hugs. "You okay sweetie?" She asked lovingly.

"Yeah, I'm fine Gran... Just can't believe Dad would say those things to Mom like that, about her, you, and me and Jenny... I swear I would have-" Responded Nick before being cutoff.

Aileen interrupted her grandson. "It's okay Nick... I know you would do that for us, but he and your grandfather are gone now... So just... Just forget about them... Okay? Now go, go and comfort your mother and sister, they need you." She then cupped his face and gave him a deep, loving kiss on his lips.

Nick returned the kiss before releasing himself from her hug, he nodded and smiled at her before turning around and making his way towards his mother and sister.

Aileen sighed and turned around as well, overseeing all the stuff that had been left behind for them. "Don't worry sweeties, we are going to have two incredible weeks of vacation, just the four of us together..." She said to herself.

*****

An hour later the four of them were having breakfast, the tears were shed and the unhappy vibe and depressed moments were traded in for smiles and happiness. They knew that with the department of Marc and Patrick that their vacation would be even better than before, mostly because they could now freely express their love for each other.

"Oh yes, you sure know how to crank up the volume sweetie! Your mother and I could hear the whole concert! Music to our ears!" Said Aileen with a big smile on her face towards her granddaughter.

Jenny shyly shook her head out of embarrassment as she covered half of her bright, red flushed face with a croissant she was nibbling on. 

"It sure was Mom! Nick, baby, you really know your way around the women in our family, don't you?! Not only Jenny's screams of pleasure were cute but your moans as well!" Added Carrie with an equally large smile on her face.

Nick gulped and rubbed his head as he looked up into the cloudless sky, trying to advert his gaze away from the two giggly, teasing women.

Carrie and Aileen had been fishing for, and sharing, all the juicy details from what had happened last night between the siblings for the past fifteen minutes during their breakfast. Jenny had explained to them what encouraged her to act upon her feelings after catching her brother, mother and grandmother in the heat of the moment during her shower visit.

The whole talk about incest seemed to be just so natural to them, no signs of jealousy, repent or disappointment were heard or seen. Jenny was happy that they had no problem with sharing the love that Nick had for all of them. Their family, at least the four of them, were now closer than ever before.

"Alright! Alright! Enough teasing and making fun of us!" Exploded Jenny after a bit longer of hearing her mother and grandmother talking about her and Nick. She gulped down the last piece of the croissant and turned her face into a pout, her cheeks still blushing red.

Carrie and Aileen giggled one last time before stopping their teasing shenanigans.

"We just think it's so sweet and cute that you and your brother have so much love for each other honey." Said Carrie, meaning every word of it.

Aileen nodded. "Something I have speculated for a long time, ever since I saw you two growing up so close." She added.

Jenny sneakily adverted her beady eyes towards the two women opposite of her. "Well, I certainly did NOT expect you two to become THAT close to Nick. I know you both love him very much but... But then I saw you two attacking him like a bunch of hungry cougars in the shower... It made me... It made me..."

"Wet?" Said Carrie, interrupting her daughter.

"Oh my God! Mo-om!" Yelped Jenny, her face lighting up red even more than before. 

Both Aileen and Carrie started to giggle again.

"Nick... Sweet cutie little brother, help your poor big sister out!" Said Jenny, making puppy dog eyes towards Nick.

Just like her he was seeing red as well. "Uh... S-so what did Dad and Gramps leave behind!" He responded to the group, switching the topic around.

"Well..." Said Aileen as her eyes turned towards the pile of camping equipment left behind by her son and husband. "As you can see your father and grandfather weren't really considerate and easy going with the things they left behind. At least it contains the bags and the equipment for our tents, plus the gas-burners for cooking with additional gas cans. I still have to rummage through the rest of it." She explained. 

Carrie fiddled with her fingers as she listened to her mother-in-law. "Oh gosh! Cooking!" She suddenly yelped.

Nick, Jenny and Aileen twisted their heads towards Carrie. "Food and drinks! They took it with them! We still have the cool box in our tent but the one filled with all the food and drinks was in the van..." She explained. "And with them leaving we also have no transportation; the first supermarket is at least ten miles away from here..."

"Shit... That means we have to walk to get our supplies, over the mountains and through the forest... Don't they have some stuff at the reception of the camping site?" Asked Nick.

Carrie shook her head. "They had in the past, but not anymore..."

"Maybe we can help you out." Came an unknown voice from behind their camping spot.

The four of them turned themselves around to see who the voice belonged to. It happened to be the elderly couple they met the day before. "Good morning dearies." Said the sweet old lady who was hand-in-hand with her husband next to her.

"Oh! Hiiii!" Shouted Jenny in her most girly voice as she waved her hand towards the couple. She had a good talk about the environment and the surrounding areas with them when the four of them met yesterday.

The man and woman smiled at her before the man spoke up. "I'm sorry for intervening your conversation but when we heard you talking about your problems we couldn't ignore it."

The older woman looked at Carrie and Aileen and explained further. "During our morning walk around the lake we were alerted by a sudden ruckus coming from the camp site, in particular, from the very spot where you all reside. I assume that man shouting towards you was your husband, miss...?"

"Carrie ma'am, and these are my children, Nick and Jenny, and my mother-in-law Aileen." Answered Carrie. "Oh and yes... That despicable man happens to my husband..." She added somewhat silent.

"You poor thing... All of you, I can't understand why someone would speak like that against their family!" Said the woman. "But where are my manners, I'm Margret and this is my husband John." She followed with.

"Nice to meet you, again." Said Aileen as she smiled to them.

"Likewise!" Responded John as he and his wife walked up to the group. "So I overheard you all talking about not having transportation?" He asked.

Nick spoke up first. "Yes sir, our old man took the van that was supposed to be our ride back home and to get our groceries. I guess he didn't think of that when he left all hotheaded." 

Jenny shook her head. "I still can't believe that Dad would be able to do something like this..." She whispered quietly.

Margret brought her hand upon Jenny's shoulder and gave her a gentle, comforting rub. "Don't worry dearie... I think me and my husband are on the same line of thinking, aren't we dear?"

John smiled and hugged his wife. "We sure do honey!"

Margret nodded and faced Carrie and Aileen again. "Why don't you use our car to get around and to buy your groceries?" She suggested.

"Oh ma'am, we surely couldn't ask you to do that for us." Responded Carrie, polite as ever.

"Oh nonsense! Besides, that car has been standing still for too long anyway, at our age we don't travel that much anymore so I would be glad for someone to give her a spin!" Said John with a big smile on his face.

"We want you all to have a great vacation over here, especially after what you all have been through this morning. So please accept our offer, being close and happy with family is something really dear to us." Added Margret as she looked up to her husband with sparkling eyes.

John looked back at her before giving her a gentle kiss. "You took the words right out of my mouth Si- uh... Sweetheart!"

"Well we can't refuse such a gentle offer when you mention it like that." Said Aileen as she looked at Carrie.

Carrie smiled and nodded. "All right... Margret, John... Thank you so much for your generosity, it's nice seeing a husband and wife so happy and close together for once."

"No need to thank us dearie... besides, your time will come too, I'm very sure of that! You have wonderful children and a loving mother-in-law at your side!" Responded Margret.

Carrie smiled at her before Jenny interrupted the scene. "Can Nick and I drive to the village and get our groceries Mom? I want to see if they got more stores over there!" She asked.

"Don't ask me hon, ask Margret and John, it's their car." Responded Carrie.

"Sure you two can! They have more than just a supermarket so I think you will have a good time when it comes to shopping." Said John.

Nick sighed. "Have mercy on my soul..." He whimpered as his sister pulled him out of his chair and hooked their arms.

John and Margret laughed as they watched the two siblings. One overly excited and the other regretting that John had informed his sister with the magic words that are 'stores' and 'shopping'.

Carrie and Aileen slumped down in their chairs after John and Margret said their goodbyes and Nick and Jenny accompanied them to their house off the camping site.

"You know Mom; I think Margret was right. Us being together here, just the four of us without my dear husband and his father seems like a godsend." Said Carrie.

Aileen smiled at her. "Believe me sweetie, I think it's for the best like this. Besides... Think about all the things we can do now, freely, without any disturbance by others..." 

Carrie knew exactly what her mother-in-law was talking about. "Shall we... Shall we go on with what we discussed last night?" She asked quietly.

Just thinking about what they had discussed made Aileen's pussy moist. "Sweetie, I like the way you think... So let's do it..."

Both women got out of their chairs, Aileen walked up to Nick's tent while Carrie walked up to Jenny's tent. In a matter of minutes only the large family tent remained standing, tonight they would all be sleeping together for the first time, the first of many.

*****

Not only had he the luck to accompany his shopaholic older sister, Nick also was the designated driver of the car that John and Margret had entrusted them with. But he didn't really mind driving as it was an automatic, the roads were so empty he could hold his sister's hand all the way to the village, and Jenny wasn't about to let go of him.

"You know, going shopping is not the only reason I wanted to go to the village together with you." Said Jenny as she watched out of the passenger's window, holding her brother's hand firm but gently.

Nick snickered. "Oh really? What else do you have in mind dear sister?"

"Think about it dummy, nobody knows us over there!" Responded Jenny.

"So?" Asked Nick, not realizing his sister's point.

Jenny turned her head to her brother, a pout like expression on her face. "So? So we can act like a couple of course! We can hold hands, cuddle and kiss each other like lovers without someone knowing or judging us!" 

"Oh yeah! Jesus, I was so careful with us being this close that I even didn't realize what you meant... So can we scrap the shopping part, apart from getting groceries?" Asked Nick with a goofy smile.

Jenny wiggled her finger towards his face with her other hand. "Uhuh little brother, we won't scrap anything, but we sure can add something." She said before giving her brother a loving kiss on his cheek. "We can add how your big sister is going to smother you silly while we are over there."

"Alright you convinced me, I love shopping with my sister!" Responded Nick followed by a laugh.

Jenny giggled from his answer and leaned up for another kiss and a teasing lick on his earlobe.

She sat down on her seat again, returning her sight on the beautiful outdoors. "Say... Do you think Mom and Dad are going to get a divorce?" She asked.

Nick had to think for a few seconds before answering. "Honestly, I think something like that might happen. I mean after that shit he pulled today, and the way Mom has been acting as of late by not taking shit from him anymore I highly doubt that this going to end well between them."

"You know; I feel terrible that I was on the other side of the country while Mom had to endure Dad's behavior like this, she never mentioned it to me whenever we called or Skyped. Maybe things would be better between them if I was around as well..." Responded Jenny sadly.
