 Hello all of you! And welcome to my next story, the first one in the New Year!

First of all, I wanted to add some fantasy elements to one of my stories and this is the one that came out of it, of course it's filled with incest loving between a mother and her son, only this time they aren't humans! So I hope all of you will enjoy this just as much as my 'regular' stories.

A short warning though, there is a scene in this with excessive violence (All part of the story and NOT against the main characters, so don't worry, no horrible stuff will happen to them.)

All and all I really enjoyed writing this, so without further ado, enjoy!

*****

A soft grunt escaped from Glasha's mouth as she worked the last part of the vegetable garden she had created a few years ago. Her long, dark braided ponytail swung side to side as she plowed through the hard and dry ground of her garden. Her light green skin covered with a layer of sweat as she moved her tall, imposing and strong body back and forth. Both her large breasts and well curved ass followed in a hypnotic motion, only covered by a light and small leather attire that showed off the goods. She never was one to outfit herself in clothes or gear that would limit her movement.

Finally, after plowing the last part of her garden, she placed the plow against the fence that surrounded her property and leaned back against it to overlook the place that she had considered home for the last nineteen years.

While she stood there and reminisced over the past she was suddenly interrupted by the familiar sound of a carriage coming down the road towards her home. She focused on her hearing, closed her eyes and listened carefully and alert.

"Mhmm... Two horses... Medium sized carriage... Three to maybe four persons..." She whispered to herself. She rarely got any visitors so she anticipated and used her past skills to prepare herself for what was coming, she could never be safe enough. As she focused on the approaching carriage her right hand unclasped the pocket that held her dagger.

Glasha turned around just as the carriage came into view. She could see a tall, muscled human male riding the carriage before her eyes spotted the two other male humans inside of it. The two men inside looked like noble while the man guiding the horses looked like a sort of bodyguard.

She nimbly jumped over the fence and took a stance in the middle of the path, her muscular arms crossed in front of her, pushing up her rather impressive bust as she slightly flexed the rest of her strong body to make sure the carriage driver got no idea to drive any further than were she stood. And she wasn't about to move an inch before someone explained their arrival.

The carriage came to stop a few meters in front of her as she held her eyes focused on the tall human male. They exchanged looks for a few seconds before the man smirked and climbed off the carriage before proceeding to open one of the doors on the side. Even as she stood one head higher as the already rather tall human male she didn't seem to intimidate him that much, it might had to do with her being an Orc and supposedly being 'inferior' to humans.

Slowly but surely two older looking human males climbed out of the carriage, one who seemed to be a right-hand-man, an advisor of some sort while the other was rather dressed flamboyant, the head honcho of the trio.

The three made their way towards Glasha, the guard in front while the two others followed him closely. A few steps away the guard turned to the side and took his position, but not before showing Glasha how his hand gripped around the handle of his steel longsword.

The advisor took a stance opposite of the guard, placed his glasses in front of his eyes and opened a little notebook that had a golden pen in the middle of it.

Glasha's patience was coming to a closure so she spoke up. "Alright, who are you and what do you want? I didn't give you permission to enter my property so you better have a good reason to come here." She said with an intimidating sounding voice.

The older, flamboyant looking male let out a short laugh as he looked up to the female Orc. His beady eyes first lingered along her body, taking in her strong legs and thighs, then up to her large bust before finally stopping to stare into her light, red colored eyes.

"They all told me you were an interesting character... And I see that they were also right with that little temperament you seem to have..." Said the older male.

"Cut the shit and speak old man." Responded Glasha fierce.

The man softly snickered again before speaking. "Glasha is it? The famous female Orc Glasha... Well, let me introduce myself to you first, but shortly of course because you seem to be in a hurry for whatever reason..."

Glasha said nothing in return, only making her stare angrier looking so the man would speed up.

"I'm Marcus von Kattelion... You might have heard the name ringing around when you were on the market selling your wares in my city..." He said.

"I might have, and what of it?" Responded Glasha.

"Well, I was impressed with your work, you know, the things you can make besides your vegetables and fruits." Said Marcus as he reached into the pocket of his expensive jacket and revealed a clothed item.

He opened it and showed an ebony Orc dagger, beautifully crafted and in tip top condition. "This is one of your works, no?" He asked.

Glasha could spot her own smithing skills from miles away, the dagger was indeed one of her works. Besides her garden work she would sometimes still craft incredible pieces of work with the use of her Orcish smithing skills, if the price was right.

"It is one of my works, yes." Responded Glasha coldly.

"Good! So I was informed right then. Now you see, I was rather impressed with this beautifully crafted dagger and I hoped you could help me with something more, preferably a sword sized variant of this." Marcus explained.

"And what makes you think I would do that?" Said Glasha in return.

"Oh come on miss Glasha, you can't be paying for all this property with only income from fruits and vegetables." Said Marcus as he opened the other side of his jacket, reached in and grabbed a small silk bag.

He then handed the dagger over to his supposed advisory who was scribbling away in his notebook before using his hands to open the small silk bag. He then revealed the pure golden coins to Glasha, an amount that could keep her fed for a few months at least.

"Maybe this would make you understand miss Glasha, a reward for my offer IF you would consider to help me out..." Said Marcus, again ogling at Glasha's impressive body.

Glasha remained quiet for a few seconds, her eyes focused on the gold before she turned her head towards the house.

"Xruul! Get me my smithing list!" She shouted towards it.

She then returned her still intimidating stare upon Marcus before all of them waited in silence for a couple of seconds.

The front door of Glasha's house flew open and a short, frail looking Orcish young man made his way towards Glasha and the three human males.

He avoided making eye contact with the humans as he reached the fence before climbing over it. He made his way to Glasha's side before reaching his hands out to her, holding a clipboard like item filled with papers and a piece of charcoal attached to it.

"Here is the list Mother." Said Xruul to Glasha.

"Thank you Son." Responded Glasha as she took the item from him.

Marcus and his companions felt a little baffled as they watched the apparent mother and son duo. He had seen a lot of male Orcs before and knew that ninety-nine percent of the time that they would tower over their female counterpart, height, weight and strength wise. He estimated that the boy was around eighteen years old but just like the three of them his mother easily towered over him.

Xruul was about to return to the house as quickly as he came before Marcus spoke up to him.

"Hey kid." He said, stopping Xruul in his tracks.

"Leave my son out of this." Said Glasha immediately.

Marcus quickly glanced at the Orc mother before setting his sights back on Xruul who was now looking at him. "Are you truly an Orc male? Because to be honest I have never seen such a pathetic- "

"LEAVE my son out of this!" Said Glasha again, now aggressively. Her focused eyes catching the guard gripping his hand tighter around the hilt of his sword.

She took a quick glance at her son who was now staring at her, once more she could see the deep sadness in his eyes that she had seen so many times before.

"Go... Xruul..." She said towards him in a calmer tone.

"Yes... Mother..." Responded Xruul, the sadness also hearable in his voice. He then climbed back over the fence and walked back towards the house with his head down.

Marcus then snickered. "Interesting... Rather... Interesting." He mumbled with a shit-eating grin on his face.

Glasha turned her attention back to the old man. "You still want me to make a sword for you or not?" She said straightforward and serious.

"Miss Glasha... The more I get to know about you the more interesting you become. A smithing legend, a coldblooded killer and now... A mother to booth..." He said to her with the same grin on his face.

"But yes, let me stop wasting your time and let us finish this deal. This bag of coins for one of your expertly made swords. If you can I would like to see it next Friday, and I would appreciate it if you would personally deliver it to me." Proposed Marcus.

"That... That can be done. I will see to it and make sure to give you a perfectly finished sword by Friday. But I only work with pay upfront, like it or leave." Responded Glasha, again taking an intimidating stance.

Marcus started to laugh, his advisor and guard along with him. He then threw the bag of gold towards Glasha who easily caught it. "Next week, Friday afternoon. Ask a guard for me in the city and they will guide you to me. And miss Glasha... Don't disappoint me..." He said seriously.

Glasha only grunted in return, her eyes telling everything that Marcus needed to know. He then gave her another one of his shit-eating grins before turning and making his way back to the carriage. The guard and advisor followed suit and before Glasha knew it they were gone.

She then relaxed her stance and sighed. She took one look at the bag filled with gold before her mind returned to the sight of her son's saddened eyes. She then sighed again as she looked in the direction of her house. 

Her and her son's home.

*****

Glasha, the Orc Grim Reaper, was one of her nicknames when she still was a member of the Xurdon clan. One of the most feared and respected female Orcs in the land, known for her incredible fighting and smithing skills, she was a force to be reckoned with and when someone underestimated her she would leave their bodies hacked to pieces.

Glasha was always pushed to the limit by her father, who wanted to see his daughter on the top. He treated her like the son he would have liked to have and raised her like one too after his partner and wife, Glasha's mother, died of disease.

Every day she was pushed to the limit and every day she would reach another step higher on the ladder, until she, as a female, reached the very top.

And at that very top she was destined to mate with the strongest male of the clan, forced to produce an offspring that would inhabit both of the qualities of the two strongest clan members. 

Nineteen years ago that offspring was born, he was named Xruul, and Xruul would forever change her life.

The first few years Xruul grew up like any other Orc child, being loved by his parents before he was old enough to start the vicious training both his mother and father underwent before him, he was destined to be the next alpha male of the clan and expectations were high, very high.

But as Xruul grew up those expectations demolished a bit each and every day. His body didn't evolve like everyone had assumed it would. His growth suddenly just came to stop, he didn't gain any more weight, his muscles stopped getting buffer and he couldn't participate in even the standard training the other Orc children underwent.

It did not take long before the elders of the clan started to despise him, they spoke of blasphemy and angrily vented out against both Glasha and her husband. How could it be that this offspring, this child that belonged to two of the strongest clan members was such a frail, weak being?

One day there was an ultimatum made up by the elders that they first passed to Glasha's husband, and on one cold and dark night he passed their ultimatum to Glasha, his wife. Now they both were strong believers of their clan's code and rules but what her husband told her that night changed everything once more.

The elders saw Glasha as the one responsible for giving the clan a bad name through the son she had birthed, the weak and frail child that was nothing compared to his parents.

They had given her the choice to either kill the young boy and redeem herself by birthing another strong child. Or to forever leave the clan, being expelled from them and to live ashamed together with her failure of a son.

Then the night came that Glasha had to make a decision, pressured by the elders, the clan and her husband.

She took Xruul with her, the boy who still loved his mother dearly and looked up to her, to undertake a simple task of collecting wood in the nearby forest. Armed with an axe she let Xruul guide both of them to the woodcutting grounds. He walked in front of her and she had at least ten long minutes to cleanly, and quickly, take his life to end everything.

But she couldn't.

Glasha the Grim Reaper couldn't do it.

The love for her son, her only child, even with all his flaws was too strong for her to continue with the plan the elders had set up for her. He was her everything, the life she had created and that life had always told her how much he loved her. Even through the stuff he was tortured with he never failed to express, and to let his mother know how much he loved her.

That night Glasha and Xruul ran away and left the clan. Just the two of them into the vast, unknown world. Glasha had promised to never be separated with her son, no matter what would happen to them.

*****

One week later after Marcus's offer.

Glasha and Xruul were having dinner, a strong and tasty meat soup that Xruul made with the use of his mother's vegetables and other ingredients. One thing he excelled at was his passion for cooking. 

Tomorrow Glasha would have to deliver the beautifully crafted ebony sword that she had made for Marcus. She and Xruul ate in silence before her son started speaking.

"Mother? Could I go with you tomorrow to see the city and to deliver the sword? It has been a while since I visited it." He asked his mother.

Glasha responded immediately. "Someone has to watch the house and the animals, besides, I don't think you would appreciate it to see that old bastard again."

Xruul knew his mother was right, he indeed did not want to see Marcus ever again. But there was something else that Xruul meant to say to his mother.

"I know Mother... I know, but... This isn't about just visiting the city once again, I just... I just want to spend some time with you... To do something together again..." He spoke honestly.

Glasha stopped eating before letting out a soft sigh. She slowly looked up and could see that very same sadness she had seen before in her son's face.

It took a few seconds before she answered him. "Okay... You can come with me, but..."

"YES! Thanks Mother! Thank you so much!" Exploded Xruul happily, a bright smile on his face that removed all the sadness he had just shown.

"BUT..." Continued Glasha. "But I want you to pack the sword as neatly as you can, make sure it's perfectly presentable and I want you to feed the animals and clean out the chicken coop before I will take you along with me."

Xruul jumped up and immediately went to work, filled with spirit to fulfill his mother's tasks. "Don't worry Mother, I will be done before you know it!" He said before going off to do the tasks.

Glasha hadn't seen her son this excited for a long time. As she watched him cleaning out the chicken coop through a window a small, tiny grin crept unto her face.

That night they both went to bed early, making sure they were ready to deliver the sword in the afternoon of the next day. It was quite a walk to reach the city, but it was a task they had done so many times before.

*****

"Mother, why don't we own a small carriage, and you know, maybe one horse to make our travels easier?" Asked Xruul as both he and his mother came close to the city after a lengthy walk.

"Because we don't need it Son, we got our legs and traveling like this is much more satisfying than sitting on our asses, besides, we aren't rich assholes like Marcus and the rest of those high-and-mighty liars." Answered Glasha truthfully.

Xruul let out a laugh and smiled to his mother. "No Mother, we aren't!"

It took another fifteen minutes or so for them to reach the city. Glasha walked up to one of the gate guards and explained what she and her son came for. He then took the mother and son to an impressive looking mansion, a perfect place for rich assholes like Marcus as Glasha had called him that earlier.

But to her surprise she learned from the guard that Marcus wasn't that high and mighty at all, apparently he was just some errand boy for the real high honchos that would instruct them to do tasks for them, in this case reaching out to her to craft a sword for one of them. Still, he was under their command so he had his reach over the common folk.

It didn't take long before Marcus made his presence known, along with his two magnet like friends, the tall guard who was called Ludo and the scribbling advisor like man called Javier.

He came to greet them as flamboyant as ever. "Ah! Miss Glasha... Oh, and her brute, and manly Orc son... Uh, what's your name again kid?"

He received an angrily glare from Glasha, but she knew she couldn't lash out at him right here. She nodded to her son as he was looking at her for advice.

"It's... Xruul, sir..." Answered Xruul shyly.

"Glasha and Xruul, lovely! Just lovely! Now, if you two don't mind, please follow me..." Responded Marcus with a kind gesture, looking rather suspicious.

Both Glasha and Xruul looked at each other and shrugged their shoulders before following Marcus, his two friends close behind them.

They were guided into a quiet part of the large mansion, a rather strange looking room that had one large chair in the middle and one small window on the opposite side of it. 

Glasha smirked as she looked around the dimly lit room. "Nice place old man, fits your style." She said to Marcus.

Marcus laughed as he sat down in the chair. "You got great humor miss Glasha... But enough with the jokes, do you have the sword?" He asked grimly.

Glasha nodded before speaking to her son, her eyes remaining on Marcus. "Xruul, give the man his sword."

"Yes Mother." Responded Xruul as he opened his bag and pulled out the tightly sealed sword before handing it over to Marcus.

"Let's take a look at it shall we?" He said before prying the package open to reveal the sword.

His eyes glistered when he held the beautifully crafted sword in front of him, checking it over and over again.

"Well miss Glasha... I have to say that the rumors about you are very true... I have never seen such a perfectly crafted sword before... Perfect to show off... And to kill with..." Said Marcus after placing the sword on his lap.

"I hope your master is pleased with it old man." Said Glasha, wondering how he would react to the reality about him that the guard shared with her.
