 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

All Janet was trying to do was to get her parents to accept her new husband. She succeeded beyond her wildest dreams! All characters are at least 18 years of age. No senior citizens were abused in this tale!

Jim Carruthers struggled to stay awake as his wife and her mother bickered. Through partially closed eyes, he drunkenly surveyed his morbidly obese mother in law. Even drunk she was not his cup of tea. While her huge tits looked interesting, the fact that they sat just above the rolls of fat that were her belly disgusted him. He likened the cellulite dimples on her tree like thighs to pink golf balls.

I hope Grace doesn't end up like her mother, he thought.

"I look terrible in this," Janet Crane slurred. Her left hand rested on the wooden arm of the chair for balance.

Grace Carruthers eyed her mother critically. Privately she agreed. At 58, Janet was a big bosomy red head at 5' 4" and north of 250 pounds. Her 44E cups filled her chest swelling outside the frame of her large body and sagging to her belly. Even her son in law's 2XXL shirts barely fit.

"Mom, Jim's shirt is the only thing we have that will fit you. Besides, you are in no condition to drive."

"Nonsense, Grace! Kellen and I can make it home. It's only a few miles. Right Kellen?"



The living room spun as Janet Crane turned to her husband for his agreement. Unfortunately, he was slumped on the couch fully clothed snoring loudly. Her attempts to shake him awake were futile.

Grace Carruthers's ruefully shook her head. Having her parents over for dinner was a good idea. The bottle of wine and the aperitif after dinner were not. Her parents. like her, had a low tolerance for alcohol.

However, she was desperate for them to bond with her new husband. Her mother in particular was standoffish with James. She opposed her divorcing her first husband on religious and personal grounds. Their religion did not recognize divorce. As such, to marry again was tantamount to bigamy. In the three years she was married to Jim, her mother often told her she was living in sin.

On a personal level, her mother preferred her first husband. He was wealthy, owned several businesses and was a deacon in the church. He was also an abuser and lousy in bed. After 10 years Grace could take no more and left.

"I'm going to bed." Grace's husband, James, turned and staggered down the hall toward the spare bedroom. For the past several days he slept in the spare bedroom. It was a temporary arrangement. A nasal infection caused him to snore loudly. He and Grace agreed that he would sleep there until the antibiotics cleared the infection.

Grace quickly moved to her husband's side. She grasped his hand as it wandered down and stroked her slim bottom. "Stop it! Mom maybe drunk but she still is a religious harridan." Open displays of affection were frowned on in the Carruthers household when she was a girl.

"Jim, tonight you sleep in our room. Mom will use the spare room." She turned and looked at her father passed out on the couch. "I'll throw a blanket over dad and let him sleep where he is."

Jim nodded his head, waved airily and stumbled down the hall and into their bedroom. He was drunk and feeling no pain. He fell into bed and promptly passed out.

Grace helped her mother to the spare room. "Good night, mom." Mother and daughter shared an air kiss then parted and went to bed. Janet fell into bed and passed out.

A few hours later, Jim awoke. His bladder demanded attention. He rose and sat on the side of the bed. The room spun disturbingly. Next to him Grace slept soundly. He managed to stand and tottered down the hall to the bathroom.

He was momentarily confused when he left the bathroom. Like a snake charmed by a fakir's flute, his head swung first one way then the other. Finally, in an alcohol induced daze, he stumbled into the darkened spare room instead of his bedroom. He crawled into bed with his mother in law, spooned her and fell into a drunken sleep with one arm thrown over her body cupping her breast. He was only dimly aware the person next to him was larger than his petite wife.

Janet awoke to Jim's rigid pole buried between the pillows of her large ass. Thinking her husband had finally come to bed, she wiggled her big ass against him. In her alcohol induced stupor, she was pleasantly surprised to feel her husband's cock was hard. The 62-year-old Kellen was on various medications and rarely got hard anymore.

"Kellen," she whispered drunkenly, "we need to do something with that hard cock. It's been months since we had sex."

Mistaking her son in law for her husband, she tried to shake him awake. Jim mumbled and reflexively squeezed her tit.

"Oh no, Mister! You are not going to get away with just a tit squeeze!"

Janet leaned forward slightly in the bed and reached behind her. She fumbled for a moment then found Jim's rigid cock. Her plump hand could barely wrap around his circumference. For a moment she was confused. While Kellen had a nice sized cock, she never had any complaints, tonight he felt unusually large.



Her alcohol befuddled brain could not handle too much discriminate thinking. She positioned Jim's tool at her hole and slid back in the bed, impaling herself on her son in law's cock.

"Oh fuck," she groaned as waves of pain/pleasure enveloped her. She and Kellen were married 40 years. He was the first and only man she ever fucked. She knew something was wrong. Befuddled by the unaccustomed amounts of alcohol she consumed at dinner, she accepted the unexpected pleasure. of this large cock filling her. She began to slowly pump back.

Jim struggled to pull himself from his alcoholic fog. He dreamed his cock was enveloped in a warm wet pussy. His hand cupped a large tit, much bigger than his petite wife's B cups. He opened his eyes in the dark room. All he could see was the outline of a large ass pumping back against him.

"Whuh the fuck," he mumbled drunkenly. His hips, on automatic pilot, pumped rhythmically in and out of the unusually tight pussy. The wet squelching sound filled the room.

Janet, thinking she was fucking her husband, slammed her big ass back into Jim's cock. Unused to the vigor of Jim's fucking, she inhaled in short gasping breaths. "OH MY GOD, KELLEN! What has gotten into you?"

Jim grasped his mother in law's large nipple and pulled hard on it. She screamed in pain. However, the sensations created a gush of wetness from her pussy. Her body quaked as the orgasm shook her obese body.

Jim mumbled incoherently. He raised himself on one elbow. Something was wrong. He squinted, trying to clear his vision.

"Come on! Let me get on my knees. You know how much I loved doggie."

Janet rolled to her belly, taking Jim with her. She rose to her knees. Jim's cock bottomed out in her hole.



"Sweet Jesus! Kellen, why do you feel so big?"

On drunken automatic pilot, Jim grasped his mother in law's large hips and began thrusting hard into her. Even in his stupor he knew his wife liked it hard and fast. He also knew she liked to be spanked. He raised his hand above his head and brought it down hard on his mother in law's plump ass.

Janet squealed. She and Kellen's had a vanilla sex life. They were each other's first. Everything they did sexually they learned from each other and the occasional porn video. Being spanked while being fucked doggie was something they did occasionally. Even then he was reluctant to spank her too hard for fear of hurting her. Tonight, he seemed to have no such inhibitions. Her ass stung from his repeated slaps.

Jim rained slaps on her ass while pile drive fucking his mother in law. He noticed she was wetter than usual. He knew his wife liked dirty talk.

"Move your ass, bitch!"

Janet moaned as orgasms moved over her body like waves on an ocean. The waves crashed ashore only to be followed by another. Janet was awash in lust. She rarely came at all. Now she rode the crest of wave after wave of orgasms. As she peaked on one and it began to subside, another gripped her.

"Harder, Kellen! Fuck me harder!"

The screams and moans coming from the spare bedroom pulled Grace from a drunken dreamless sleep. While she had not drank as much as her parents or her husband, she had more than she usually had. She smiled as she heard the obvious sounds of sex coming from the spare room. It sounded like her father was really giving her mother a pounding.

Her hand wandered down to her pussy as she listened. With her other hand she reached over to touch her husband. She giggled as she thought about she and Jim fucking while next door her mother and father were going at it. She was disappointed when she felt the empty spot next to her.

Her finger slipped into her moist hole. She began to slowly pleasure herself as she listened to the sensual sounds coming through the wall. When Jim got back, they could make their own noises.

"You good pussy slut! Say you love this dick!"

Grace sat up in bed. That voice sounded familiar. Where was Jim? A fateful thought sprang into her mind. No, she thought. That could not be. Grace turned and sat on the side of the bed. She heard the sharp crack of flesh on flesh. She heard her mother imploring her father to fuck her harder.

"Oh my god, Kellen! What has gotten into you!"

Grace heard another loud slap then a squeal and a groan.

"Say it!"

"I love your dick! I love how you're fucking me! Don't stop! Please!"

Grace stood. It was just not possible. She moved slowly into the hall. She glanced into the empty bathroom. She had a sinking feeling when she saw her husband was not there. She paused at the door to the spare room. She leaned her head toward the door, her hand on the doorknob.

The resonate sound of flesh on flesh startled her. Her mother's voice thick with lust.

"Jesus Christ, Kellen! Tear my pussy up! Make me scream!" Janet was getting into the painful ass slaps and nasty talk. It was a level of kinkiness she had never experienced. It took her to a place she had never been. For years sex was a perfunctory duty. She enjoyed fucking Kellen but it was more duty than lust. When the frequency fell off after Kellen went on his meds, she missed it some.

Grace stepped away from the door. Her mother calling out her father's name suggested it was he in the bedroom. Where was Jim? She continued down the darkened hall to the living room. Her father lay curled in a fetal position with the blanket wrapped around him.

Grace's eyes widened at the implications. She strode purposely back up the hall to the spare bedroom. The bedroom door was partially open. She hesitated with her hand on the doorknob. She recalled walking in on her parents having sex when she was still high school. Their outrage at her intrusion back then traumatized her. The experience caused her to hesitate now.

Her heart pounded. She eased the door open. In the darkened room she could make out two shapes. The room stank of sex and sweat. Then she heard the male voice.

"Move your ass, bitch! You like being my little whore?"

Her heart stopped. Her hand came to ger bosom. That was Jim's voice! She felt along the wall, found the switch and turned on the light.

"I'll be anything you want me to be. Just don't stop fucking me. Fill my pussy again with your juices. I want to overflow with your jizz."

"MOM! JIM! What the hell is going on?"



The startled couple looked first over their shoulders at Grace standing in the doorway. Then they looked at each other.

"Oh my God!" Hurriedly, Jim pulled out of his mother in law's pussy. There was a faint pop. He had just started cumming. He finished on her back, painting its pinkness with his white cream.

Janet turned on her side. Jim's cum on her back felt like hot lava. It slid down her back onto the pillows of her ass. The feeling was unfamiliar. She and her Kellen never engaged in such depravity. She tried to cover herself with the sheet. She couldn't! Jim was kneeling on the other end, his arms raised to Grace in supplication.

Jim's cock dripped the remnants of his seed onto the sweat moistened sheet. The shaft gleamed wetly with their comingled juices.

Janet's pussy spasmed as she recalled that cock being in her. Oh my God! He's bigger than my Kellen! That's why it felt so...!" Her thought trailed off as the implications of what happened hit her. She had fucked her son in law! And she liked it!

"Jim...how...what..." Grace could not find the words. She was torn between outrage and the eroticism of seeing her husband fuck her mother. "How long has this been going on?" She was outraged. She crossed her arms under her small bosom.

"How long? I don't understand...!" Jim's eyes roamed from his outraged wife to his mother in law trying to unsuccessfully cover her obese body with the sheet he was kneeling. He had fucked his mother in law! And despite her unappetizing obesity, she was an animal in bed!

"Jim what the fuck are you doing in here?" Janet was starting to recover. The hard fucking had dissipated most of the effects of the alcohol. The only after effects was a hangover, her pleasantly sore pussy and a suspicious ache in her anus.

Jim was soberer but still not processing. "I went to the bathroom and..." His explanation petered out as his hands flopped uselessly in the air.

Slowly Grace began to comprehend what happened. "Both of you! Kitchen! Now!"

After an hour of coffee, reconstruction and abject apologies, they knew would happened. Jim was used to sleeping in the spare room. Drunk, he went to the bathroom and erroneously went into the spare room. Janet thought he was Kellen and he thought she was Grace.

Janet, thinking her husband was unusually frisky and at Jim's verbal urgings, gave herself up to the best night of sex she had in a while...maybe ever.

"So, what happens now?" Jim had a splitting headache. He slowly massaged his temples. This was a hell of a mess. Grace had progressed from anger and threats of divorce to tears. Her head was on her mother's substantial chest.

"We have to move on," Janet said quietly. She had not cleaned up. There was no time.

As they sat, drank coffee and tried to resolve the situation, her son in law's juices ran down her thigh. Her pussy throbbed with a pleasant ache. She vaguely recalled a moment of pain. She wasn't sure...everything was fuzzy...somehow Jim ended up in her ass. Her starfish clenched as she recalled her son in law taking her virgin ass. So fucking hot! "What happened was a dreadful mistake. However, it WAS a mistake," she said with emphasis.

"How do we move on, mom? My husband fucked you!"

Yes, he did, Janet thought. And it was a fucking like I never had! "First we should keep this between the three of us. Bringing Kellen into it would only complicate the situation."

"I agree," Jim said. "We are still a family. We should try to work through it as a family." Jim glanced quickly at Grace. She had put his shirt back on to cover her nakedness. Her huge mammaries filled out the shirt. I wished I had fucked them! He imagined his cock sliding between them. As his mother in law tried to sooth her daughter, he watched her mouth, imaging his cock emerging from the valley of her cleavage and into her mouth. He shook his head trying to clear it.

His cock hardened again as he recalled the sultry heat of Janet's pussy, how it farted in response to their fucking and the glove like tightness of her anus. Jesus! She is an incredible fuck! That big ass slamming against me was fucking awesome. And those tits! Like big soft pillows. I'd love to slide my cock between those humongous suckers!

Janet pressed her crying daughter's face to her breast comforting her. She saw Jim eyeing her. Impulsively, she made a moue and blew him an air kiss. She colored deeply, ashamed at her wantonness. What's happening to me? I'm a married Christian woman!

"I guess you're right, Jim." Grace sat up. She stood, walk to the kitchen counter and peeled off a paper towel. She blew her nose and discarded the towel in the lidded container under the sink. Mistakes happen, she thought. This was a BIG mistake but still a mistake. She crossed her arms over her breasts, stared at the floor for a moment. She was ashamed of herself. She could not shake the image of her husband fucking her mother doggie. They had not really talked about it, but she was sure he was in her ass when she walked in on them. That was so fucking hot, she thought. My husband fucking my mom in the ass. I'd loved to see that again.

"Okay," Grace exclaimed! "We'll try to move on! Group hug!"



Janet and Jim stood and wrapped their arms around Grace. As their heads touched, Jim squeezed her ass. Janet raised her head, smiled at him and winked. Her hand squeezed his ass. Maybe he's not so bad after all, she thought.