 The Usual Disclaimer: This is a work of fantasy. All characters featured in sexual situations are over 18. The characters in these stories are fictional. Any resemblance to actual persons living, dead or undead is purely coincidental. Do not try this at home.

I dispensed with my usual character development for this story, really just to see if I could do it and still have a story that didn't completely suck. As a writing exercise, I didn't think it would turn into something I would put on the site. However, the folks who have so generously taken the time to review these things for me thought it was good, and that you might enjoy it.

* * * * * 

"Just the tip," he had said, his voice strained with his imminent orgasm. Right. Like she was going to fall for that!

Emma looked over her shoulder at her boyfriend, Tommy. "I told you!" she snapped. "You're not putting that thing in my ass!"

"I won't! I just wanted to press the tip against your asshole and come inside you that way. I promise I won't push in at all."

Damn. His face looked so sincere. Emma thought she might regret it—she was almost certain that she would—but he had made her come so hard with that thick cock pumping her pussy...

"Okay," she relented. "But just the tip! If you push at all, I'll kick your ass!"

They had been together for a little over a year. Emma knew he desired her tight ass. It wasn't like he made a secret of it. She also knew there was no way her tight little asshole would ever be able to accommodate his thick dick. She could only imagine the unbearable pain that would cause, and she could just picture him tearing her tender ring of muscle—probably in multiple places.

Emma trembled when she felt that long, thick cock pulling out of her pussy. She felt him shift on the bed behind her and then the wet tip of his fat mushroom head was pressing against her sphincter. She was tense, ready to dive forward to escape as soon as he pressed his hips forward.

Only, he didn't.

"Oh, God, that looks so fucking hot," Tommy groaned. He was staring at his throbbing cock, glistening with her juices and pressed against her sexy little rosebud. It was his most arousing fantasy and he was looking right at it.

And then his dick erupted, shooting rope after rope of hot, thick semen right into her ass! Emma was shocked at how hot it was and how amazing it felt. Then she just couldn't believe he was still coming. He was holding perfectly still and only his impossibly hard dick was moving. It was bucking and pulsing against her asshole, shooting more and more of his spunk inside her. She shuddered when he pulled his cock away from her asshole before laying it between her cheeks. He leaned down and tenderly nuzzled her earlobe.

"Oh, wow," he moaned softly. "That was so intense. Thank you for that, Emma. It was amazing."

"You came so much!" she groaned in reply. Already she could feel it pouring out of her twitching butthole.

It was shocking how much that turned her on.

Tommy pushed up off of her and rolled to his side. He groaned again when he looked down at her ass and saw his pearly cock juice drooling out of her quivering little hole. The way it was pulsing open and closed like that made it look like he had just fucked her there. Then he was out of the bed and she heard the water running in their bathroom. Emma knew he was soaking a washcloth to clean her up. He was so thoughtful that way.

What she did not expect was just how turned on she would get to feel him cleaning her sensitive asshole with that damp cloth. He had occasionally teased her puckered opening with a fingertip or the pad of his thumb while he fucked her pussy, and she knew it got him all fired up. She could feel him getting harder and swelling inside her when he did it. If she was honest with herself, it turned her on too—but that was immediately outweighed by the fearsome image of her ripped and bleeding asshole if she ever actually let him try fucking her there.

"Wow," he muttered huskily. "You weren't kidding. I don't think I've ever come that much in my life."

Emma rolled over and looked down. She gasped when she saw it. There was enough thick cum pooled in the washcloth to completely fill one of her cupped hands. She had never seen so much of the stuff at once before. She also realized that there was still more of it inside of her.

In my ass! she thought.

"I'll be right back," she said, shimmying to the edge of the bed.

He stepped back from the bed to let her pass. While she sat on the toilet and let his jism drain out of her, he walked down the hall to the guest bathroom to clean out the cum-soaked washcloth. Emma shivered and came again as she felt all that hot cum slipping out of her sensitive butthole.

Damn, that was intense! she thought. I can't believe I got off like that from having him come in my ass.

Right after she flushed the toilet and returned to their bed, he walked back in with a worshipful look in his eye. He walked up and hugged her, turning his head to give her a searing kiss. Emma returned it eagerly. When he pulled back his head he looked down at her and whispered, "Thank you."

"Thank you," she countered.

He cocked his head. "What are you thanking me for?"

"For not pushing it in," she said simply. "I didn't think I could trust you, but you showed me you really love me and deserve my trust. When you said, 'just the tip' I was sure it was a ploy to trick me. I gave you the benefit of the doubt, and I'm glad I did."

"I would never—" he started, but she leaned up on tiptoe and kissed him, cutting him off.

"I know," she said after that kiss.

* * *

Over the next week Emma kept reliving that amazing sensation in her mind over and over. Her pussy shivered and moistened every time as she recalled the molten liquid splashing inside her tender bowels. Her sphincter also puckered and throbbed.

They were awfully busy that week, and only had time for sex late at night before they fell asleep. She kept expecting him to ask for a repeat performance, but the closest he got was teasing her throbbing pucker with the tip of his left index finger while he fucked her on Thursday night.

In truth, Tommy didn't trust himself to do it again. It had been such an incredible turn-on to see his cock pressed against her asshole and then to see her puckered opening drooling out his cum afterwards. It just fueled his desire to fuck her ass, and he wasn't sure he could hold back a second time. When the tip of his finger was pressed against her asshole Thursday night, he could not take his eyes off of it. He pushed in to the first knuckle, and then groaned as he exploded in her pussy.

They both felt her asshole throbbing around the tip of his finger and squeezing down on it. It turned Emma on as much as it did Tommy, and she didn't know he had pushed that much of his finger into her. She was disappointed the next night when he didn't give her sensitive backdoor any attention. Oh, she still came like crazy all over his thick cock, but she knew it would have been more intense if he would have just touched her back there.

Saturday mornings, they always slept in. They were entwined naked in the bed when Emma awoke. Tommy's thick morning erection was pressed against the juncture of her left hip and upper thigh, and it was pulsating against her skin. She wasn't sure if it was the head of his hot cock pressing insistently against her or her need to pee that had caused her to wake up, but she slid out of Tommy's gentle embrace to take care of her full bladder first.

There was still some of his residual sperm inside her from the night before. When she relaxed her muscles to let it drain out, it triggered a bowel movement. She shivered as her sensitive sphincter was spread open at the same time the hot come drooled out of her. When she was finished, she flushed the toilet and got into the shower.

I can't believe that, she thought. I almost came from taking a crap!

She carefully washed her bottom in the shower. Then she teased her tight pucker with a soapy finger. Slowly, she pushed it up inside her and felt around, making sure she had gotten completely clean in there. Her legs shook as she pulled the finger out. She tentatively pushed it back in and let out a soft "ooh" at the sensation. After three more slow thrusts, she shuddered and came. Emma couldn't believe that had happened. She carefully washed the soap from her puckered little hole.

All of her most sensitive spots felt like they were on fire when she dried off afterwards. Her nipples, her neck, the insides of her thighs and her entire pussy mound sent shivers through her body as she ran the towel over them. When she ran the towel through the crack of her ass, her knees almost gave out. She was eager to have sex as soon as she stepped out of the bathroom. Tommy's morning wood was primed to give her what she needed and her eyes were glued to it when she made her way back into the bed.

Tommy moaned when she wrapped her hand around the base of his shaft. Emma grinned, knowing how much he loved to be awakened like this. She bent and licked her way around the crown of his magnificent dick. She could taste her own dried juices on him and that always turned her on. It was always a bit of a strain to open her mouth wide enough to take that massive mushroom head, but she loved the way it tasted and pulsed in her mouth.

Tommy woke up moaning. He slowly opened his eyes and smiled down at his girlfriend's lovely face. This was a sight that would never fail to excite him. Emma's tongue was working him over frantically, teasing out his pre-cum so she could gulp it down. Her nipples were so hard they were impossible to ignore. He reached down and lightly pinched one before filling his palm with her perky breast. She groaned around the head of his cock and he shuddered in response.

Emma had to release him from her mouth. When he swelled up like that, it felt like the corners of her lips might crack. He was just so thick! She was still astonished that she could fit that thing in her pussy. That was exactly where she needed it next. She rolled around on the bed to bend over with her head on the pillow.

"Please fuck me, baby," she asked. She used her high-pitched little girl voice—the one he could never resist.

"Damn," he groaned.

The morning sun was streaming in through the curtains, bathing her sexy backside in a soft, warm glow. She looked like a centerfold model, eager to be filled with his cock. Her tight, round bottom was a thing of beauty. As he got up onto his knees and slid in behind her, he could not take his eyes off of her perfect ass. His hands reached out almost on their own to squeeze those luscious cheeks and spread them open.

Emma gasped as his thumbs slid between her cheeks and pried them apart. Her holes felt exposed as they were stretched open for his viewing pleasure, and then her pussy was stretching wonderfully to accommodate the fat head of his cock. She looked back over her shoulder at his face. She loved his horny expression and the way his eyes were locked on her exposed pucker. Her asshole throbbed delightfully under that scrutiny.

Tommy could not help but think that Emma's plump little sphincter was winking at him invitingly. He held her right cheek firmly and lifted his left thumb to his mouth, soaking it with saliva. Emma watched him do it and knew he was going to tease her sensitive butthole with his wet thumb.

She shivered in anticipation.

Tommy suppressed a groan when her rubbery little ring spread open to welcome the soaked pad of his thumb. His eyes went wide when it sank right into that snug grip and the tip of his thumb easily slipped inside her all the way to his knuckle. Her pussy fluttered around his hard cock. That reminded him to breathe and to resume thrusting into her. She sighed and sounded aroused and happy as his thumb sank even deeper into her hot asshole. Then she was thrusting her hips back at him, encouraging him to thrust into her with both his rock-hard dick and his spit-soaked thumb.

His mouth was completely dry when she started shaking her way through an intense orgasm. She looked back at him through hooded eyelids.

"Damn, baby," she cooed. "That really turns you on, doesn't it?"

He could only nod. Tommy didn't trust his voice not to crack if he tried to say anything.

"Do you want to come in my asshole again?" she asked.

He licked his lips and looked down at his thumb, now buried completely in her tight little hole. He wanted so badly for that to be his dick buried in her hot ass. Tommy licked his lips and swallowed hard.

"I don't think—" he started.

"It's okay," she murmured. She was reaching back to find the base of his cock with her left hand. He slid his thumb out of her as she leaned forward, forcing his cock to slide out as well. Her hand gripped his shaft and she was moving the tip of his cock up to press it against her sphincter. "Just the tip, baby," she reminded him.

Tommy's groan was louder than he intended when she pressed back, pushing his throbbing cock head firmly against her bottom. That little puckered knot spread invitingly and the tip was enveloped in her hot, snug embrace.

"Just the tip," she crooned softly, rocking her hips back and forth. "Just the tip. Mmm, yeah. Just the tip."

Tommy was trying with all his might not to thrust into that delectable hole. His entire body was trembling with the effort and his muscles were flexed and rigid. He could not take his eyes off the sight as her bottom pushed insistently backward again and again. Half of the plum-sized head of his cock was squeezing its way into her distended ring each time she did it. She started stroking his shaft in time with her hips, and that pushed him over the edge.

"Here it comes!" he let out in a strangled cry.

"Yes!" she cried in response. She pushed back hard and almost forced the entire head of his cock into her.

Tommy nearly blacked out at the intensity of his orgasm. His balls ached as they emptied their contents into Emma's sweet bottom. Her asshole squeezed the head of his cock, and not a drop of his sperm escaped. All of it went right up her horny ass. Emma buried her head in the pillow and screamed when she felt him exploding into her. Her body shook and she could not recall coming that hard in quite some time. When Tommy finally finished coming and withdrew the tip of his cock from her horny butt, she immediately rolled out of the bed and staggered into the bathroom.

She knew all that sperm was going to squirt right out of her as soon as she relaxed her sphincter.

"Wow," she whispered as the semen spurted out of her and into the toilet bowl. It felt like she was coming with her ass—shooting that molten sperm out of her inflamed little hole. Her hand slipped down to frantically rub her clit, and she shuddered and came once again.

Tommy staggered down the hallway to the guest bathroom again. As he washed his hands and face, he gradually got his breathing back to normal. He looked at his flushed face in the mirror and then at the muscles standing out all over his upper body. His hand slid over his shoulder and bicep and he was surprised at how sore those muscles were. It had taken every ounce of his self-control to keep from pushing his hips forward and forcing his hard cock into Emma's tantalizing asshole.

After all that teasing, though, he had come so fucking hard. He could scarcely believe it. It was like he was reliving the moment as he recalled every glorious detail that was imprinted in his mind. Then he looked at his face in the mirror and his expression turned thoughtful. Emma had seemed every bit as turned on by the entire episode as he had been. Maybe she was even more into it than he had been—after all, it was she who had invited him to come in her ass this time, and she had eagerly made it happen even when he had been reluctant.

Tommy looked down at his pulsing erection and wondered if it had even gone soft.

He heard Emma starting the shower in the master bathroom and sauntered back down the hall to join her. Saturday morning showers together were always a treat. Prior to the past week, it was the most he got to see and touch her sexy bottom without getting her upset. He poked his head around the shower curtain and watched the water cascade over her sexy body.

"Damn," he murmured, "you look incredible."

She brushed the water from her eyes and gave him a dazzling smile.

"Are you going to scrub my back for me?" she asked.

"Love to," he replied, stepping into the shower.

She turned around and bent to hand him the body wash, teasing him with her wet, sexy ass. They both knew what she was doing. He certainly didn't mind. Tommy was surprised at the insistent way she pressed her bottom back against his erection while he soaped up her back and shoulders. Warm water and slippery body wash flowed over his throbbing shaft and between her buttocks, and she was working him between her cheeks. He could not help but look down and groan softly to see the tip of his cock once again squeezing its way into her slippery rosebud. She looked over her shoulder at his face.

"Oh, you naughty boy," she growled.

Tommy wanted to protest his innocence. She was the one pushing her sexy butt back at him. He stammered, but all he could think to say was, "It's just the tip."

"Mmm," she moaned agreeably. "Just the tip."

Then she was pushing her hips back against him rhythmically as he washed her back. She was pushing most of the head of his cock in and out of her hot and welcoming little hole. Tommy rinsed the soap off of her back and watched his hot girlfriend fuck her ass on the head of his cock. The wide, flared ridge was all that kept it from slipping right into her.

She stopped pumping her hips abruptly, reaching back to feel where her dilated butthole was stretched around his swollen helmet.

"Hey, that's a little more than the tip," she growled throatily.

Tommy wasn't sure what to say. He certainly didn't want to piss her off, and he had a feeling that if he accused her of instigating this delightful activity she wouldn't do it again. He pulled his hips back, withdrawing his cock from between her slippery buttocks, and kissed her drenched neck. "I didn't hurt you, did I?" he asked quietly.

She reached back and rubbed her sensitive little ring, shuddering again as she did it. "No," she whispered.

Her hand reached back to find his stiff boner. She gave it a squeeze as she turned around. Her nipples were just as erect as his dick was. They kissed and slowly rotated around each other. He turned and planted his hands against the tile surround as she scrubbed his back. They had to hurry to rinse off; the hot water had been used up by the time she finished soaping his muscular backside. Despite the cold rinse, he was still stubbornly hard after they had dried each other.

Emma kept looking down at his plump cock head as it bobbed up and down. If only it wasn't so damned big she thought. I'll bet it would feel amazing in my ass. Her hand once again wrapped around the shaft and she looked up into his eyes.

"Mmm. You're still so hard," she whimpered. "You want some more of this, don't you?"

Tommy nodded eagerly, and she led him by his cock to the bed. She crawled up on her hands and knees, lowering her head to the pillow again and encouraging him to take her from behind and stare at her asshole. This time she didn't even ask when she reached back and pulled him out of her soaking-wet pussy to guide the tip to her horny butthole.

"Just the tip," she moaned again. "Just the tip. Oh! Just the tip."

But she was forcing almost the entire head of his cock into her and was pushing her hips back forcefully. Tommy gulped and pulled his hips back. He was worried he would seriously hurt her—she was not lubricated outside of the thick pussy juice that coated his cock, and that was rapidly drying out. She pushed back further, causing him to retreat further. Eventually, his butt pressed into his heels and he had nowhere to go.
