 Author's Notes: This is a work of fiction. All characters depicted are over the age of 18. Also, this is written in 2nd person. If you don't like 2nd person writing, don't bother with this story.

*****

It's dinner time. Mom, Dad, and you, their only daughter, are at the dinner table. You are on one side of the table, Mom is across from you and Dad is at the end. It's spaghetti night, not bad, but not your favorite. You've been exchanging the standard dinner talk: How was your day? What happened at work? Etc... Then Mom asks a question that sends this evening into very "interesting" territory.

"When do you think you might move out, honey?" Mom asks you, "I'm not trying to push you out, but you're 18, almost 19 now and I don't see you even looking for a place out of the house."

Now why did she ask that? You work. You contribute a little of that money to the household. You help with the cleaning. You're taking a few classes at the community college. Why would she want you out? Maybe she's jealous of you and Dad. 

You and your daddy have been fucking each other for nearly a year now. It started off in secret, but of course that secret couldn't be kept forever. Mom found out about 6 months ago and she's been surprisingly cool about it. There was a bad week where you thought this was going to be the end of everything, but then Dad and Mom had a long talk. Afterwards, Mom said she accepted what was going on but she didn't want to be any part of it. She didn't want to see it or have it rubbed in her face. Since then, you and Daddy have been fucking every couple of weeks, but only when Mom has allowed it. You know Mom decides if it's ok for Dad to be with his daughter or her. Maybe she's decided that she's had enough of him spending time with you.

"That's not fair," you think, "Daddy still fucks Mommy all the time. Even more than I get to fuck him."

While you're trying to figure out how to answer Mom's question, Dad speaks up, "I don't see why she needs to be in a hurry to leave. A lot of children stay at home for a while after they grow up. It's hard to earn a living at her age and it'll be easier for her to save up a good nest egg if she stays here for a few years. She's got a job and is taking courses..."

Mom gives him a side look that seems to say, "I know why you want her to stay," but she doesn't say it.

You quickly blurt out, "Besides when I leave, your house will be empty. I have no sibs. Won't it be lonely?" This statement makes you go back to a question you've had for a long time.

"That's true, but not the point," Mom replies, "The point is you need to start acting like the grown up you are."

You don't like where this is going. You need to turn this conversation around. You decide to ask a question that's been on your mind for years, "Why don't I have any brothers or sisters?"

This brings an uneasy silence to the table. Uh oh. Did you fuck up? You have always wanted to know.

Mom finally answers, "I couldn't have any more, sweetie. Your father and I would have liked to, but after you were born the doctors found a lump in my uterus. Fibroids I think they called it. After having it examined, it was decided that it would be better to have a hysterectomy than risk cancer. The genes were bad. Anyways, after you, I simply couldn't have anymore children." Mom looks a bit sad now as she continues, "We would very much have liked to have more children, but that wasn't meant to be. Yes it will be hard to have our house empty of children. I won't like it."

Daddy takes her hand and squeezes. They love each other very much and this is hard for the both of them. 

"It's okay baby," Daddy says, "I'm sure she'll come here to visit often." Dad looks at you with a smile, but it's his crooked smile. His slightly dirty smile.

This gets you thinking. Ever since the very first time you and Daddy fucked, you've wanted him to get you pregnant. You've never known why. It is something primal, something you can't reason away or consciously change, but you have always wanted to be knocked up by your Daddy. Every time you fuck, you think about him shooting his sperm in your pussy and impregnating his good girl. You have always wanted to be the best little girl for your daddy. But he won't let that happen. Whenever you two fuck, daddy always finishes in your ass. You don't mind it, in fact you love to take your daddy in your backdoor. It's absolutely amazing to have his big dick in your ass and you figure it's what a good daughter should do. But you still always wish he would finish in your baby maker. 

Then your brain hits on an idea. Maybe this is your chance.

"You know Mom," you begin, "I could have a baby and then there could finally be another child in the house. We could raise the little one together as a big happy family. Wouldn't you like that?" 

"I'm not sure how that's supposed to happen," Mom replies, "You don't even have a boyfriend, let alone a husband. You don't even date as far as I can tell. Except for your father..." her words drift off and she looks at Dad. "You don't mean?"

You smile a little and sheepishly raise your shoulders and look at Dad. Dad's face is surprisingly passive. Then the corners of his mouth turn up just a hair.

"NO!" Mom states with authority and more than a little bit flustered, "No ma'am! You get that idea out of your head right now." Looking at your father she says, "And you get that shitty smile off your face mister!"

"What smile?" dad stammers though now the smile is much more obvious, "I'm just as shocked as you dear. But... I mean. It wouldn't be the worst thing to have a little baby in the house again would it?"

"There's so much wrong going on in this house," your mother says, "So much that I didn't approve of. So much that shouldn't happen in a household that I've accepted. I'm allowing you and your daughter to be together, but I don't think I could accept THAT."

You think to yourself, "She said, I don't think, not I can't. That's promising,"

"And speaking of THAT!" Mom turns to you and demands, "How exactly are you two making sure THAT doesn't happen?" She glares right at you.

"We're being safe Mom. We always end with anal. I can't get pregnant there," you reply.

"Oh I bet your dad just hates that," Mom says as she glares right at Dad.

"Safety first dear," says Dad with his crooked smile across his face. 

"I don't want to talk about this anymore," Mom ends.

Another long silence descends as you guys finish up dinner. During this time your mind is consumed with the idea of getting pregnant from your dad. You start to devise a plan. You do the math. It's about 14 days since the start of your last period. This is definitely the danger zone. Or the perfect zone. You are ovulating now or very soon. That would explain your increased horniness. Your body wants you to have a baby and you decide to give your body what it wants. After dinner everybody is cleaning up dinner and it's time to put your plan into action. Daddy's in the kitchen washing dishes at the sink while you and your mother are clearing the table. 

"Mommy, can I have Daddy tonight? It's been almost a week and you've had him several times during the week," you ask.

Your mom glares at you hard. "How would you know when I've had your dad?" she asks.

"I listen. I mean you're not exactly quiet," you reply. Then you try to imitate your mom's voice, "Oh hunny, baby, yes! Please fuck me with your big dick. Please punish my ass!"

Her eyes narrow as she looks you up and down. You can tell what she's thinking. She thinks you want to get pregnant and she's not wrong. You try to put on your blank, questioning face. You give a shoulder shrug to say "What?"

"What are you after?" she asks.

"Sex Mom. I'm sorry but it's been a while and I need Daddy tonight. You get him all the time. Can I please have him tonight?" 

Her eyes narrow again. You're pretty sure she's on to you or at least she definitely suspects that your intentions are more than just fucking (they are). She looks at you for a few seconds longer, you're sure she's going to say no. Then Mom surprises you by saying, "I guess if your father wants to, it would be OK,"

"Sure hun, that'd be fine with me," Dad immediately replies, almost too eagerly. You choke back a smile at that. Your plan seems to be working on Dad at least. This may be easier than you imagined. 

You give a smile to your mom and move to your father. You wrap your arms around his neck to give him a big hug. He presses up against you and you can feel that his bulge is quite noticeable. Dad's big dick is pushing hard up against you. Clearly, he wants to be in his daughter's sweet pussy and ass again. You raise up on your toes and put a kiss on his lips. "Mmmmm, I'll see you later Daddy," you coo sweetly. His hands instinctively lower down to your ass and grab a handful. You let the hug linger a bit longer, your head on Daddy's shoulder. Then you lower down and pull away. Daddy's hands hesitate to move from your ass cheeks. You shake your ass side to side just a little while you smile innocently and stare into his beautiful eyes. You can see the lust in them. You love it and you love him more than you ever thought you could. You make your mind up then and there that Daddy's cumming in his daughter's pussy tonight!

You pull away and go to make your way to your bedroom. You've got to get ready for your date with Daddy tonight. Dad goes back to washing dishes. Mom catches your elbow as you try to exit the kitchen. She holds it hard and looks you in the eyes. She looks a bit angry and her stare is intense. After a minute of looking into you, her gaze relaxes and she says very quietly, "Be careful baby. I don't think you know what you are really getting into." Her hand relaxes as she lets go. She walks next to your Dad and puts her arm around his back. She leans her head onto Daddy's shoulder where your head just was and let's her hand rub up and down his back. 

Daddy turns to her and they share a quick kiss. "Good Night honey," Mom says, "I'm going to the bedroom. I'll see you when you come to bed." 

"Okay baby. I'll see you in a bit," Dad replies. Then Mommy pulls away and walks past you to her bedroom. The bedroom where your daddy first took your virginity. You won't be using that bedroom tonight. Her eyes didn't meet yours as she walked past. 

Did she just give you permission?

A huge smile spreads across your face. You turn and quickly make your way to your bedroom. You get out of your clothes and then quickly look through your lingerie drawer. There are several things in here that Daddy likes, you know, but you finally decide against lingerie. You want as much skin to skin contact as possible tonight. 

You climb naked into bed and under the covers and your hands go straight to your little puffy pussy. It is very swollen and wet. It's engorged with blood and very sensitive. You feel something almost primal coming over you. Your body is so excited by the thought of your Daddy cumming in you that it is practically screaming to get fucked. You lay there for what feels like an hour just rubbing that swollen mound and gently flicking across your clitty. You bring yourself nearly to orgasm then work your way back. You don't want to cum until your Daddy is in you, but you just can't keep your hands off of yourself. You imagine your Dad's huge, hard cock plowing into you and you go back to rubbing.

Finally, your bedroom door opens up (it's actually only been fifteen minutes, but to your pussy, it's been way too long). You see your Daddy there in his sleep pants and nothing else. You can see his hairy muscled chest, dark but flecked with silver hairs. You see those big, muscled arms with those large hands that have held you down so many times as he's fucked the hell out of you. You see his belly, not flat, because what dad has a flat belly? No he has a bit of a beer belly, but you fucking love it and wouldn't want it any other way. Below his belly you can see his cock is starting to press out against his sleep pants. The outline of that huge head is clear as it strains against the material. You love that dick. You've never had another one and you can't imagine ever wanting to. Daddy's cock is big and beautiful and always leaves you breathless. What else is out there? Doesn't matter. You have everything you want right here in front of you. Everything but the baby. Time to change that. 

"Hey Daddy!" You say gleefully, "It's been too long Daddy. Your baby girl needs you. Please Daddy, come here and give your girl what she needs. Please." You give your best begging face. 

You pull the covers off of you to reveal your young, naked body to him. He stands there taking you in. You know he loves your body and you can see it in his cock. That thing is about ready to burst its way out of those pants he has on. 

He goes to turn off the light and you quickly say, "No Daddy. Leave it on. I want to be able to see your dick fucking me. Please?" He leaves the light switch right where it is and moves to your bedside.

He's standing by your bed, right up by your head. You reach your little hand out to touch his bulge. It is rock hard beneath your hand. "Ooh Daddy. Your big dick sure is hard. Are you happy to see your little girl again?"

"Yes baby, Daddy has missed his little fuck doll," he says with a smile.

"I love it when you call me that. I am your fuck doll, Daddy. I just want to please you Daddy." You say and quickly fish his dick out of his pants. Released from its restraints, his huge member grows to its full size. God it's so big in your hand. You can barely wrap your fingers around it. And it's heavy. He's smacked your pussy with it before while you've been fucking. It has significant weight behind it. You quickly start stroking it while you lift yourself up from the bed. "Oh Daddy, your fuck doll loves this big cock you have for me."

With that, you take his big dick into your mouth. You have to struggle to open your mouth wide enough to accommodate that meat. You pop the big bulbous head into your mouth while one hand strokes the shaft. The other hand reaches into his sleep pants to free those large, pendulous balls. They are huge to match his dick and they are heavy too. You lift them up and squeeze gently. Then you wrap your thumb and fingers around the base of his balls, where they attach to his body and you pull down on them. 

"Mmmm baby, that feels so good," Daddy says as you swirl your tongue over his huge cock head and pull at his balls. "God baby girl, you're being so good." 

You look straight up into his eyes as you try to cram more of his big dick into your mouth. It's fruitless, you know. Daddy's dick is just too big for your little mouth, but you want to show him how much of it you can gobble. As his dick presses up against the back of your mouth, you start to choke and gag. This causes spit to stream down the shaft that remains outside of your mouth. You move the hand you have around his dick up to get slick on all that saliva and spread it down over the whole shaft. You let that huge head pop out of your mouth and jack him feverishly with your hand. You stare at that beautiful cock head while your one hand is stroking up and down that long shaft and the other pulls down on those balls. 

"Yes Baby Girl. Yes. That's what a good little whore does. Keep doing that and maybe I'll reward you by cumming all over that pretty face of yours," Daddy says. "Do you want your daddy to cover that young face of yours with his spunk baby?"

You stop your hands moving and look back into your daddy's smoky eyes. You shake your head from side to side with a big smile on your face. Then you put that dick back into your mouth so you can properly worship it again. 

"No?" he asks. "Do you want your Daddy to cum in your pretty little mouth then? You want to feel Daddy's sperm slide down your eager throat baby?"

You take that slicked-up cock out of your mouth and stroke it. Your other hand squeezes harder on his big balls. You look in his eyes again with a big smile on your face and shake your head back and forth again. 

"Oh? Do you want Daddy to fuck you?" Daddy asks.

You open your mouth and smile bigger. "Yes Daddy. I need to be fucked. Please fuck me Daddy."

"You need my cum in your ass then?"

You keep the smile on your face. That's not where you need it, but he doesn't need to know that yet. You take your hands off of his big cock and balls and lay back down onto your bed. Spreading your legs wide, you show him your wet and engorged pussy. "Please put your big dick in my pussy Daddy. Your daughter needs it bad. I'm so neglected Daddy. Look at this pussy. She misses you." you coo.

Daddy's eyes go straight to your puffy little pussy. His eyes grow big and his dick stands straight out, aching to bury itself in your fertile little box. 

He climbs up onto your bed and maneuvers between your legs. You spread your legs up and out, rotating your hips upwards to get it ready to receive Daddy's huge cock. Your hands go down to your engorged mounds (God they are so fucking sensitive) and pull them to the side. This causes your pussy lips to open up, revealing your sweet honey pot to your daddy's hungry eyes. 

"Mmmm baby. Your pussy is so red and wet. You really do need me in you don't you?" Daddy asks.

"Yes Daddy! Yes please! Please Daddy. I'm begging you to put your big dick in me. Please Daddy. Please fuck your little girl," you're not acting. These are not words you're just saying to get him going. Tonight, these words have never been so true. 

Daddy leans down over you. He puts his strong hands on either side of you and his big dick plops down onto your pussy. (God it's heavy and huge). You quickly grab it with your hands and give it a quick stroke before lowering it down to your pussy entrance. 

"Put it in Daddy!" you pant. "Please put it in me quick Daddy. I need it!" your voice is pleading, almost shaking. You are desperate. Your pussy is screaming that it wants Daddy's cock. And it's speaking for you now. "God Daddy I need it. Your little girl needs her Daddy's cum, please Daddy!"

He starts to push that big head into your pussy. You gasp and look him straight in the eyes. You know he likes you to look in his eyes as he takes your pussy and you're happy to oblige. You feel it cleaving past your entrance. Though you had nearly a year to adjust to it and it doesn't hurt like it used to, it still takes your breath away each time Daddy starts to plow your pussy with that big meat of his. You start taking tiny sips of air, trying to catch your breath as you wince. 

Daddy smiles down at you. He always does this. You know he loves that his little girl can't really take her Daddy's big dick. "Good girl," he moans, "Daddy's got what you need baby. Do you like to feel my cock in your pussy baby?"

"Yes Daddy I love it!" You cry. It's barely in yet and you can feel an orgasm building up incredibly fast. You tamp it down. You don't want to cum. Or at least, you don't want Daddy to see you cum. 

Daddy feeds more of his big shaft into you. "Unngg," you groan as it stretches your pussy wide. You feel it sliding inexorably towards that back of your pussy. Daddy always bottoms out. Always. It's one of the things that drives you absolutely crazy and makes you wonder why you would ever want any other man.

You look down to see that huge member disappearing into you. It finally reaches your cervix just above the back of your pussy. Here's the part you want to feel. That big head presses up against your cervix, then slips under it as it bottoms out at the back of your pussy. It's completely in now. You are totally full of your Daddy's huge man meat. You cum as it sits at the back of your pussy. You can't help it, you always do when Daddy bottoms out. But you do it as quietly as you can. You shut your eyes tight and try not to move. Daddy mustn't know that he's making you cum. You can feel your cervix spasming on the head of his cock. You hope he can't feel it. It quickly passes. It's not the cum you wanted. Not the earthshattering, body quaking cum that you usually have with Daddy. Not yet. You MUST wait until Daddy's cumming in you before you do that. Stick to the plan. 
