 "I still want to go."

"It's OK for you Sis, but I will be on my own."

I got a dirty look from her, "So we don't count?"

I gave her a smile, hoping to take the heat out of the argument, then I said, "You know what I mean, the only man."

"So you have now started calling yourself a man, I thought you were a mouse?"

That made my wife Mary laugh, but she stopped when I glared at her.

Mother then joined in, "Please let's not argue about it. We need to discuss it like adults, not fight like children."

Then she looked at each of us in turn, daring us to disagree with her.

"Good, now we can talk about it in a civilised way."

My Sister Lizzy had arranged it at short notice, just two days ago. She had suggested we go away for a long weekend, and we had all agreed. The problem was that Father had now dropped out.

Mother then took control, "Let's have a show of hands. All those in favour of still going."

I was the only one who didn't raise their hand. Nothing was said, but they were all now looking at me. 

"Come on Leo, you will still have a good time, even without Father."

My Sister was almost pleading, and I was starting to feel guilty because if I refused to go then the trip would be off. I made my mind up, but I kept them waiting for a few more seconds. 

"OK."

I then got a big hug from my Sister, a smile from my wife, and a nod of approval from Mother.

Five minutes later Father joined us, he had been busy packing his suitcase.

"What was all that noise about?"

"Just a bit of lively conversation," then Mother changed the subject, "What time is the car coming for you?"

Father looked at his watch, "Now, in fact it's almost fifteen minutes late."

"Will you miss your flight?"

Mother sounded concerned, but my Father just laughed.

"It's a company jet, if I am late it will wait for me."

I was impressed, this morning he had just said that he was needed in Germany for an urgent meeting, no mention about a private plane.

"I am sorry Lizzy that I can't come, I know how much time you spent organising it. It's my job, I have no choice, and from what I have been told I will be needed there for at least a few days, possibly a week"

I said, "Don't worry Father, they will be OK with me."

I could see that Lizzy was deciding if she should tell him that they had to persuade me, but thankfully she kept her mouth shut. Twenty minutes later the car eventually arrived. It was a three hour drive to the airport so Father was keen to get going, after quick hugs and kisses he was gone, leaving us to get ready for our trip.

We had prepared most of our stuff the previous night, so it didn't take us long to pack the car.

"Have we got everything?"

I got a muttered "Yes" from somebody, that was good enough for me, so I started driving. We had a six or seven hour journey ahead of us, so if we have forgotten something there will be no turning back.

It was early evening when we arrived. I had done most of the driving but I wasn't too tired. Lizzy had described the place as a remote cabin on a hillside, but as we approached it I was pleasantly surprised. It was definitely on a hill, the car was now struggling in first gear, and it was remote, there were no other buildings for miles around. However it was more like a normal house rather than a cabin. It looked a lot better than I had imagined it would be.

Mother echoed my thoughts, "Lizzy, I thought you said it was a cabin?"

"That's how it was described to me. They had problems with their website so I didn't see any pictures of it."

"They could have sent you pictures, to your phone or email."

"Next time Leo you can do the booking."

I didn't reply, I might not be the smartest guy in the world, but I do know that when you are in a hole you stop digging.

Mary chipped in, "It looks wonderful, thanks for organising it."

That calmed my Sister down.

We quickly unloaded the car, then we went exploring. Downstairs consisted of a large living room and a large kitchen, with a bathroom attached to the kitchen. In the middle of the kitchen was a big wooden table that would easily seat six people. Upstairs consisted of a single corridor with the bedrooms leading off it, two to the right and two to the left. One of the end ones was locked.

Lizzy said, "They did mention that one of the bedrooms was having some work done on it."

The three bedrooms were identical, each having a double bed, but no en-suite bathroom. To keep Lizzy happy I suggested she have the first pick. She chose the first one on the right. 

"Mother what about you?" 

She shrugged her shoulders before saying, "It doesn't really matter, they are all the same," then she added, "The one next to Lizzy."

We took the one that was left, opposite to my Sister.

As soon as we were in our room Mary looked at me, I knew what she was thinking. Who puts the bathroom downstairs near the kitchen?

"I think they wanted it there so that they could have a fourth bedroom."

Mary nodded, then she said, "I am glad none of us said anything about it in front of Lizzy."

"But did you see Mother's face? I could see she was itching to say something."

"Yes, I don't know how she managed to control herself. Your Mother obviously knows what Lizzy is like, so thankfully she kept quiet. This is supposed to be a nice holiday, I would rather not have an argument every five minutes."

"Is every ten minutes OK?"

"Very funny," she had said it sarcastically, but I did get a small smile from her.

I gave the room another look.

"It might be possible to fit a small bathroom in here, one with a very slim shower. If we give them some feedback at the end of the stay then I might say that."

"OK, but don't say anything to your Sister about it now. If you do, you know what she will say."

"Next time Leo you can do the booking."

We both then laughed, when I had said it I had even sounded like my Sister.

Ten minutes later we were all sitting at the kitchen table enjoying a nice coffee. When I looked at my Sister she seemed a bit subdued, then she spoke.

"Sorry about the bathroom. I didn't realise it was the only one, I thought each room had one as well."

You don't kick somebody when they are down, so I said, "It's OK, we are not here for long."

Mother then joined in with, "It never crossed my mind that it was a problem."

That was too much, we all had to laugh, even Mother. Now that it had been put to bed, we could enjoy our holiday. Lizzy then prepared an excellent meal. My Sister has her faults, but cooking is not one of them. As we ate I looked round the table. We are a close family, despite all our arguments, and we are very protective of each other. Mother's favourite saying is, "If you kick one of us in the leg, we all limp." 

It took us an hour to finish because there was a lot of talking, and a lot of laughing. I could tell this was going to be a good holiday. 

While Mother did the washing up, Mary and Lizzy went into the living room, but I remained at the table finishing my second coffee. I then started thinking about my family again. Lizzy is twenty one, five years younger than me. She is only five feet tall, and a slim build. I am six feet tall so I tower over her, but she has the dominant personality. At times she even scares me. Mary is twenty eight, two years older than me. If you want to know what she looks like, then just look at Lizzy. Strangers often assume they are Sisters. Since the two years we have been married a few people have said that I married my Sister. I always laugh with them, but I find it a bit uncomfortable because deep down I think there is some truth to it. I have always found her attractive, but it's a feeling I try to ignore. However what happened just over a year ago has made that more difficult.

I had just returned from work, and I was eager to get my hands on Mary's body. We had not been married long so we were having sex most days. 

"I am in the bathroom."

When I opened the door she was at the sink, naked, with her back towards me. I smiled when I saw her ripe bottom and slim waist. When I reached round and held her large breasts she gasped.

"Bend over and open your legs, I want to fuck your nice tight cunt with my big cock. If we are quick we should be able to finish before my Sister gets here."

She didn't move, but I felt her nipples harden as I played with them. Then I heard a noise downstairs.

"Lizzy I am back."

I froze, but my Sister reacted quickly. She was leaving the bathroom when she shouted, "I am in the bedroom," then she added, "Leo is home, he is in the bathroom."

When we were all together Lizzy was the first to speak. Looking at me she said, "I managed to leave work early. I had a shower while Mary got a few things from the shops."

I just nodded, so that was why she was naked in the bathroom.

"I did my shopping as quickly as I could, I didn't want to leave you two alone in case you argued."

She was smiling, it was her attempt at a joke.

We didn't reply, but when I looked at Lizzy I knew that she was thinking the same as me. If Mary had returned five minutes later she would not have found us fighting, she would have found my Sister bent over the sink with my cock deep up her cunt.

"Have you finished?"

That startled me, I was so busy thinking about that incident with my Sister that I had forgotten my Mother was there.

"Well?"

"Yes, sorry I was daydreaming."

I then handed her the mug so that she could wash it. When she turned her back to me I smiled. If only she knew what I had just been thinking about. We never talked about it, it was as if it had never happened. However every now and again I ask myself the same question, "Why had she not said anything?" Instead she had let me continue.

Before leaving the table I had to adjust myself. Thinking about my Sister in that way was not a good idea, it always gets me excited, but it also frustrates me as well. I might want to have sex with Lizzy, but it is never going to happen, so why torment myself?

Mother was the first to go to bed, just after ten. As she left us I looked at her, I still found it difficult to understand how a Mother and Daughter could be so physically different. Mother was only a couple of inches shorter than my six feet, and she has the build to go with it. If she had been standing there at the sink instead of Lizzy, there would have been no way I would have mistaken her for my wife. I closed my eyes and imagined standing behind her naked body, then reaching forward to fondle her tits, tits that are a good few inches bigger than Mary's. How would they feel? I had once overheard Lizzy talking to a friend who had commented on how big Mother was. I will always remember her reply, "If you think they are impressive, you should see her nipples."

"Somebody looks as if they are ready for bed."

I opened my eyes, Mary was there with her arm outstretched. She helped me up, even though I was quite capable of getting up on my own. I hadn't closed my eyes because I was tired, but it was getting late so I went along with what she wanted.

"Goodnight Lizzy, don't stay up too late."

She just nodded at me, then she looked at my crotch. When I glanced down I realised why, there was a large bulge where my cock was straining to get out, the result of thinking about Mother. We then left her alone as we went to bed.

"Please Mary."

"No, we did it yesterday. That should be enough for you."

"But we are on holiday."

"What has that got to do with it?"

I turned over, pulling the covers as I did so.

She laughed, "You are like a little baby when you don't get your own way. "

"I never get my own way."

This time her laugh was even louder, then she said in a soothing voice, "We will have sex tomorrow. I promise."

I muttered, "I suppose that will have to do."

"Yes it will," then she added, "Now go to sleep."

I eventually did, but it was difficult, my throbbing cock kept me awake for over thirty minutes. 

When I woke I thought it was morning, but then I realised it was too dark. According to my phone it was two twenty, I groaned, it was going to be a long night. I also needed the bathroom, but I was too lazy to get up. I knew that eventually I would have to go, but it was ten minutes before I climbed out of bed.

The corridor was almost pitch black, and I wondered if I should go back in and get my phone so that I could use it as a torch, but I decided I could manage without it. When I got to the bottom of the stairs I searched for the light switch, when I flicked it on the kitchen was illuminated. I could now see my way to the bathroom.

It didn't take me long to empty my bladder. When I had finished I muttered under my breath, "Who in their right mind puts the bathroom downstairs?" I then shook my head as I made my way back. 

I opened the bedroom door and quietly walked in. As I snuggled up to her I could feel the heat from her body. It felt good spooning against her, but I soon realised that was a mistake. My cock was springing into life, it had unfinished business. I gave a low groan, why was I torturing myself by pressing against her. I was about to turn over when I realised she was naked, sometime in the night Mary had taken her nightie off, probably because she was too hot. 

As I reached over and cupped one of her tits, I told myself it was just going to be a quick feel. I would stop before she woke up. However when her nipple responded to my touch by going hard, it encouraged me to do more.

I now had my cock pressing against her bottom, and my fingers were rubbing and pulling her swollen nipple. Then she moved, muttering something that I didn't quite catch. I froze, I was going to be in big trouble for waking her up. I waited for her to tell me off, but she didn't, instead she started moving her bottom, pushing it against my cock.

I smiled to myself, she had given in. I then quickly lifted her leg up so that I could get to her cunt, I wanted my cock in her before she could change her mind. It took me longer than it normally did to find her opening, and for some reason her lips felt bigger. Her cunt was also tighter, I had to push hard to get it all in. It felt good being up to my balls in her. My cock is a decent size, seven inches, but its width is the most impressive thing about it. It's quite a lot thicker than the average cock. My big cock and her small cunt is a winning combination.

When I started to fuck her she responded straight away, moaning every time I went deep into her. She wasn't just doing it to keep me happy, she wanted it as well. That made me fuck her even harder. 

Two minutes later she was making even more noise, a lot more than she normally does. Then she started to gasp. I stopped mid-stroke, was she alright?

"Fuck me hard, I am going to come."

She had said it in a low voice, only just audible, but it was confirmation that she was OK.

I then fucked her as hard and as deep as I could manage. She lasted another minute before she climaxed, with me following a few seconds later. It must have been a big one for her because she was writhing about, and I could tell she was finding it difficult to keep the noise down.

"That was some fuck. Thanks Mary, but what got into you? You were like a wild animal. At one point I was worried you might wake the others up. Lizzy would not be happy if she was woken up by us having sex."

I laughed at that, but she just grunted. I then kissed her on her neck and turned over. I was now tired, but I was also thirsty. If I didn't get a drink now I would probably have to get one later on. I gave a low sigh then I got out of bed. When I opened the door I realised I hadn't taken my phone, but not to worry, I had managed OK last time.

When I got back into bed Mary was sound asleep, she was even snoring. She now had her nightie back on, had she taken it off before because she had wanted me to fuck her? 

The next time I woke it was morning, just after seven. Mary was still asleep. I crept out of the bedroom to have a shower. Fifteen minutes later I was sitting at the kitchen table having a nice mug of coffee. I had just started my second one when Lizzy came into the kitchen. She was in her dressing gown, and she was carrying a large bag. She must have seen me looking at it because she said, "It's got my clothes in," then she added, "I am going to have shower, but I need a drink first. Will you please make me one?"

When her drink was ready she took a sip, then she cupped it in her hands.

"Do you remember that time in the bathroom?"

I almost choked on my coffee.

"Do you?"

"Of course, that's something you don't forget," then I added, "Why do you ask?"

"Because I want to know something. If Mary hadn't got back when she did, and if I had let you finish, would you have been annoyed that you had fucked me instead of her?"

That was a direct question, straight to the point.

"Do you want my honest answer?"

She just nodded.

"Then it's no. I would not have been annoyed."

She was smiling, obviously pleased at my answer.

"That's good, because last night when you went to the bathroom, you returned to the wrong room."

I was now staring at her, opened mouthed, and she was grinning.

"Yes, last night you had sex with your little Sister."

I tried speaking but nothing came out. I took a deep breath then I tried again.

"But why didn't you stop me?"

"I was asleep when you came into my room. When I woke up you had your fingers on my nipple, and I could feel your cock poking into me. It's over six months since I split up with Chris, and I haven't had sex since then. You had got me worked up, I couldn't resist, I needed to be fucked."

I was now thinking about last night, in hindsight the signs were there. At the time I had noticed them, but not understood what they meant. Her large lips and tight cunt should have sounded warning bells, but I was just happy to enjoy them.

"Afterwards I went to get a drink, but what if I hadn't?"

"I would have waited a few minutes, then I would have told you."

"So what happens now?"

"It's up to you. We can pretend it never happened," then she paused before continuing with, "Or we can do it again tonight. You have a nice cock, very thick. I would like some more of it, but this time with some foreplay first."

I had now got over the shock of finding out that I had accidently fucked my Sister. If we did it tonight would we get away with it again? Thinking about how good it had been, I decided it was worth the risk.

"What time?"

We decided on two o'clock.

"I am going to have a shower now. For some reason I am all sticky between my legs."

She thought that was very funny, and I heard her laughing all the way to the bathroom. A few minutes later Mother and Mary joined me in the kitchen.

Mary said, "I heard Lizzy laughing, she seems in a good mood."

Mother chipped in with, "I wonder why?"

I just shrugged my shoulders. 

"The last time she was in such a good mood was when she was going out with Chris."

I didn't like the way this was heading, but thankfully that was the end of that conversation, we then moved onto what we should have for breakfast.

An hour later we were outside. Lizzy had planned a challenging walk for us, through a wood and up a couple of hills, and we were eager to start.

"This should be good. I estimate it will take us twelve hours."

We all looked at her. Mary was horrified, and I thought Mother might actually cry, but Lizzy didn't seem to notice. Then she stopped studying the map, with a big grin on her face she said, "Just kidding, it's only five hours."

It ended up being nearly seven, but we took our time, taking frequent breaks. We stopped to eat our packed lunch near the top of a small waterfall, the view was breathtaking. When we got back I was tired, but a nice tired. 
