 I can't thank DarkBreezly enough for illustrating this story. Seeing pictures added to something I wrote is the coolest thing ever. And while I expected 10 or 20 pictures, he ended up making 65 images. Yes, it's awesome.

*****

Chapter 1 -- The Wild Girlfriend.

Monday. September 21st. 7:13 PM.

Who had it better than Jeff? He'd be willing to take on all challengers when it came to a battle of lifestyles. The eighteen-year-old high school senior had it made. Let's look at today for example: he attended school, went to football practice where he was the star safety on a team which would most likely be competing for a state championship, and he didn't have any real bills or concerns in life. And, oh yeah, he had a beautiful brunette bobbing up and down on his dick.

He ran into Abby—who was referred to as Abigail by everyone except himself, at a pool party over summer vacation. It took two hours but he finally made a move on her. Hey, YOLO, right? He promised himself his days of not asking girls out were over. He had a thing for Abby since they were in the same Algebra class back in ninth grade, but just like all his previous crushes, he never asked her out. Something clicked for him on that muggy June day in Chris Bocchetti's backyard. Was it seeing his classmates flirting with their own crushes? Or maybe it was all the bikinis that were on display for the testosterone fueled teenage boys? Whatever it was, thank God something finally woke him up.

There was no way around it: Abby was his dream girl. She was a fit and perky five foot five, with long, wavy brown hair, and light brown eyes which were constantly smiling. Those doe eyes were so inviting and comforting. She was a bundle of positive energy that always put him in a good mood. If he had a shitty day, a simple smile from his girlfriend made everything better. If he was sick, a hug relieved his fever. Sure, he was only eighteen, but the idea of spending the rest of his life with this girl was very much a possibility.

"That feels so good..."

It took two months for them to take that giant leap together. They were both virgins: Abby a complete novice when it came to anything sexual, and Jeff having only received one blowjob from a cheerleader during a tenth grade football party. The two decided to take things slow. A week of dating passed before they shared their first kiss, two weeks before they started making out, a month for Abby to allow him to feel her up, and two months before her first attempt at oral sex. But once they got their feet wet, well, they decided to make up for lost time.

He felt like a porn star over the past thirty days. When wasn't he getting his dick sucked? Abby's sex drive was insane, and when they finally had intercourse for the first time three weeks ago, things went into overdrive.

"Suck my balls."





Come on. Jeff was still waiting for someone to make a case for their life being better than his. On the sofa in his girlfriend's parent's family room, with his dream girl kneeling in front of him on the floor, and his balls in her mouth as per his request. He felt like a rock star. Except he didn't need or want a line of groupies every night. He wanted one girl, and lucky for him, she wanted him too.

Abby took a break from her task at hand to peer up at her boyfriend. "Am I doing good?"

He could only smile. That juvenile, childlike cadence she loved to talk in during sex was causing his cock to throb. This girl was an angel.

"So good," he told her. "You're so fuckin' sexy."

She flashed her long, dark eyelashes at him. "Thank you, Daddy. It's my job to make you feel good."

He didn't even start the daddy shit! It was all her! See how awesome his life was? His sexy girlfriend was constantly referring to him as 'Daddy.' 

Abby had one requirement during oral sex: Jeff had to take his shirt off. How couldn't that be her demand? Her six foot one, brown-haired, brown-eyed boyfriend was a stud! He was all muscle. Thick traps, wide shoulders, chiseled abs, and big biceps. He was being scouted by a few colleges but she wasn't some jersey chaser. She wasn't really even obsessed with his body either. Did she love it? Absolutely. Was it a deal-breaker? No way. It was his confidence that drove her crazy. And confidence and good looks seem to go hand in hand, don't they? The better you look, the better you feel. And the better you feel, the more confident you are.

Every day together made her appreciate him more. He was so funny, and smart, and good to her. She knew what most the boys at school were like, and she was very familiar with the boyfriends her friends had. Let's just say Abby hit the jackpot. Her sweet, sexy, kind boyfriend was the perfect guy.

But as crazy as the blowjobs, and sex, and dirty talk all were, it was the way his girlfriend liked to be treated which surprised Jeff the most. Sure, she enjoyed romantic gestures, and she loved when he surprised her with flowers or planned a picnic in the park. Deep shoulder massages and long bouts with his head buried between her legs were probably her second and third favorite things on the list, but coming in at number one with a bullet, without a challenger in sight, was when he took control and dominated her.

It'd originally started with the lightest of pumps into her mouth during a blowjob. It was hard not to try it. He'd spent the previous seven years watching porn after all. He had no intentions of making her gag, or choke, or anything like that, but the desire to be in control was something he wanted to test out. And when she looked up, smiled, and told him to do it again? Well, he knew he'd won the lottery.

"You gonna deepthroat me?"

She began planting kisses along the length of his cock. "Is that what Daddy wants?"

"You know it's what Daddy wants."

"Well, maybe Daddy should take what he wants," she grinned up at him.

His hands clamped onto the sides of her head and roughly pushed down.



Abby wasn't just a novice before dating Jeff—she was somewhat naive to the world of sex. She'd learned so many things over the past three months. So many nights were spent on her computer, scouring the internet for every drop of information her young mind could absorb. She wanted to be amazing in bed. She didn't want Jeff to ever think about straying. And as much as she'd learned over the past ninety days, four things in particular really stood out.

One: not having a gag reflex isn't normal. The internet told her that her oral prowess was sought after by not only every boyfriend and husband on the planet, but by every girl who would choke and gag during oral sex. Her ability to effortlessly swallow her boyfriend was something only a small percentage of women possessed, and she was fortunate enough to be in that group. She couldn't imagine only being able to take a few inches of Jeff in her mouth. Not like she had to worry about that. She was her boyfriend's very own deepthroat queen.

Two: receiving oral is AMAZING. She didn't need the internet for that one. Something told her Jeff had put some quality time into reading up on the art of cunnilingus though. His unbelievable tongue could take her places she didn't know existed. And the thing he did with his two fingers inside her? He told her he was stroking her G-Spot. Whatever it was, she was ready to marry him each and every time he did it.

Three: rough sex might be even more incredible. Having her hair pulled, her ass slapped, and her neck lightly choked were indescribable feelings of submission. She was so vulnerable under the big, strong hold of her stud boyfriend, and her body seemed to turn to goo when she experienced that sensation of helplessness. It took the feeling of being dominated for her to cum during intercourse, and much to her surprise, that was another thing the internet told her most women couldn't do.

Four: and this caught her the most off guard, was Jeff had a really big dick. How was she supposed to know? She'd never been a porn watcher. The only porn she partook in before dating Jeff was erotica. In fact, the only reason she'd been watching X-Rated filth lately was to pick up some new tricks to surprise her boyfriend with, but realizing he stacked up extremely well against Porn Valley's finest was shocking. But it really hit home when her best friend Kate showed her a dick pic she'd received from some guy she'd met at the beach. It palled in comparison to what her boyfriend was working with, and when Kate asked to see a picture of Jeff after she made a comment about the difference in size, her friend only confirmed what she already knew. Kate gasped, responded with 'Lucky bitch,' and Abby had a big smile on her face for the rest of the day. She really was a lucky bitch.

And now it was time to show her boyfriend just how lucky he made her feel. Abby relaxed herself and allowed that strong hold to force his towering cock down her throat. It was one effortless slide of fullness. Her lips met his groin, her nose pressed against his pelvic bone, and she was submissively taking all of her man—just like daddy's little girl should.

Her pulsating throat humming on his cock always turned his legs to jelly. Nothing stroked his ego like the way she deferred to him. He wasn't some dominant asshole who needed a woman to look up to him. He also wasn't some chauvinist jerk who thought women belonged in the kitchen. Abby was talented, charismatic, and a hell of a lot smarter than he was, but he's a man. And as a man, he liked to be in control. And as a woman, sexually, Abby got off on submitting to him. They were a perfect match.

His right hand journeyed from her head and found his balls. He lifted them up and watched her tongue struggle to slide out of her mouth. Slowly but surely it managed to work its way to his testicles, where it began licking them with his dick still rammed down her throat.

This was heaven. This was zen. Whatever this was, nothing could possibly be better than this moment. He loved this girl. He loved her so much he was going to be a bit of an asshole...

His hand dropped his balls and instead moved to her nose. His thumb and index finger wasted no time in pinching it shut.



Abby instantly gagged.

Her head attempted to recoil but he held it in place. Those gentle brown eyes were repeatedly blinking as a tear trickled from the corner of her right eye and ran down her cheek.

He didn't relax his hold.

She gagged again and a thick wad of spit exploded from her mouth and ended up on her chin. He could feel the slime dripping to his bare thighs but he wasn't easing up. Instead, he pushed down harder.

Dominance was meeting submission. A guy who liked to be in control had a girl who lived for being owned in his grasp. They were exploring new boundaries together.



More and more saliva poured from her mouth before he finally released his grip. She immediately lunged backward, allowing her oxygen deprived lungs a chance to collect the air they desperately needed.

Jeff glanced down at thighs which were covered in his girlfriend's slobber. When she turned back to look at him, her light purple t-shirt had a mess of drool all over the front of it. That was rough, and messy, and exactly the way he liked it. Abby wasn't so pleased, however...

"You're an asshole!"

The smile which promptly washed over her face helped to ease his worries. "You love it."

There was no denying that. Those fifteen seconds of not being able to breath was something she'd never experienced before. Her true feelings were located under her jean shorts and inside her cute pink cotton panties: they were soaked.

"You love choking on my cock, don't you?"

She sheepishly glanced off to the side. "Maybe..."

"Who's daddy's little slut?"

She bit her lower lip before peering back at the stud sitting in front of her. "I am."

"Louder," he demanded.

"I'm daddy's little slut!" she shouted. "I'm your little whore!"

"You certainly—"

"Choke me again!" she frantically interrupted. "And pinch my nose too! Don't let go until I tap your leg!"

He reached out and grabbed two handfuls of her brunette hair before making a slight detour. Instead of impaling her throat on his cock again, he pulled her closer and kissed her.

Abby could cum this instant if she touched her clit. What was all that stuff her dad told her when she was younger? About finding a successful guy who could give her a great life? Fuck that. She didn't know if Jeff would end up making six figures or six thousand dollars, and she honestly couldn't care less. Her boyfriend loved her, respected her, and knew the exact way she liked to be treated. Was she really going to pass all that up for a vacation house in the Florida Keys? Hell no. Some other girl could enjoy the beach. Abby would be too busy choking on her man's cock.

There was a war raging in her soul: continue kissing the man she adored, or get back on the cock she loved? Lust won this time as she broke off their embrace and wrapped her lips around the head of his manhood. Moments later, her nose met his trimmed pubic hair for the second time tonight.

Did his girlfriend have a limit? Every time he thought they were approaching the endpoint of what Abby could handle sexually, she cruised right on past it. Five seconds quickly turned to ten. And before he knew it, ten turned to twenty. Twenty seconds of only the faintest of breaths allowing air to pass into her barely open mouth. This girl was something else.

"You okay?"

She responded by balling her fists on his thighs to defiantly protest any intentions of tapping. Abby did her best to hide it, but she was the jealous type. And while she would never not allow her boyfriend to watch porn, it still bothered her that he did. She wanted to be the girl on his mind twenty-four seven. She worked hard at the gym, but she wasn't some porn chick with eight percent body fat and big, fake tits, and part of her couldn't help but be envious of those girls. Is that what Jeff really wanted? Were all the compliments and sweet gestures just a placeholder until he found a better girlfriend?

Of course they weren't. His adulation was sincere, so why was she doubting their relationship? She needed to control her jealousy. Actually, what she really needed was to breathe.

Jeff's nerves kicked into high gear as he watched her captivating brown eyes begin to fade. The clumps of spit which had fallen from the sides of her mouth were now joined by a steady stream of saliva. She was drooling like some kind of ravenous animal. His hand began to ease on her head before he thought better and clamped back down. He didn't want to kill her, but at the same time, he desired nothing more than to give her what she craved: to be dominated.

Her throat was washing wave after wave of vibrating bliss over every inch of his cock. The pulsations were growing stronger as she clung to consciousness. Her little button nose pressed against his pelvic bone represented something stronger than pleasure. It represented trust.

Abby's mind was starting to wander now. The simplest of recollections had become cloudy. What room she was in had turned into a guessing game. As badly as she wanted to hold on, she just couldn't do it any longer.

She finally tapped his thigh.

Jeff instantly released his grip from her head and reached out to hold his girlfriend upright. She rapidly panted for breath while he comforted her weak body. Her distant, faded brown eyes gradually came back to life. Every passing second resulted in more vivid animation to appear on her pretty face. Moments later, his girlfriend was back.

"Oh...my...God..."

His smile couldn't possibly be wider. "You're amazing."

"I stayed down there for so long!" she excitedly told him. "Like a good girl!"

"You're a very go—"

She curiously gazed up at her boyfriend's handsome face. Everything about his strong nose, chiseled jawline, and wavy unkempt hair screamed masculinity. And don't even get her started on that layer of dark stubble which he'd been maintaining for the past few weeks! It was enough to bring her to her knees. But the concern on his face was her primary focus. Why had he cut himself off mid-sentence?

"Is something wrong?"

He brought his finger to his lips and whispered, "Shhh." Something had caught his attention but he couldn't lock in on exactly what. 

She silently waited with him for what felt like hours before jumping to her feet. There was no mistaking that noise. The garage door was either opening or closing—preferably the former.

"Is everything back to normal!?" she asked, her eyes darting around the family room in a panic.

Jeff's eyes followed a similar path as he hurried to get dressed and tucked his rock hard erection into the waistband of his basketball shorts. Everything looked okay to him. He retrieved the remote and turned up the volume on the muted television. Abby quickly snatched the control from his hands and found a movie. Perfect. He'd just come over to hang out, they were watching a movie together, and everything was innocent. No blowjobs or deepthroating going on here...

The sound of keys jingling just outside the door connected to the garage caused both of them to tense up. Something still felt off. It was like they were forgetting something.

"Your shirt!"

How did she almost miss that? Thank God her boyfriend was more observant than her, because the front of her purple t-shirt was a mess of spit and drool. She sprang to her feet and hustled upstairs just as the door opened.

Rapidly approaching footsteps replaced the sounds of his girlfriend hurrying up to her room. He looked toward the entrance of the family room just in time to see Mr. P abruptly barge in, before he moved right past him and headed upstairs without even acknowledging his presence.

Well, that about summed up his relationship with Abby's dad.

Look, Jeff understood the rapport they had. He didn't blame Mr. P either. Jeff was fucking his daughter, while he was positive Mr. P didn't want that to happen. He would be the same way if he was a father of a sexually active daughter. But then again, maybe Mr. P didn't know they were having sex. The guy seemed pretty oblivious. Actually, he was more of a prick than anything. He was always miserable. The guy wasn't funny, or charismatic, or even good-looking. He was a scrawny man in his mid-forties, balding, with big, black framed glasses—not the hip ones either, and he had absolutely zero sense of style. The beige dress pants, navy blue short sleeve button up dress shirt, and tie combination he brisked past him in certainly proved that.

His annoyed look quickly turned to a smile. Clack...clack...clack. It was the sound of high heels! And he knew what that meant. Mrs. P!

As much as Abby's dad seemed to hate him, his relationship with her mom was the complete opposite. Mrs. P loved him! Claire was friendly, nice, and constantly laughing. How many times had she told him he should be a comedian? Or what about the time she innocently brought up the idea of Mr. P going to the gym with him? That didn't go over so well. There were two girls Jeff wanted to date in the world: his girlfriend, and if things went south in their current relationship, he wouldn't be above asking out Mrs. P.
