 Not given a choice by my boss I had to attend the "Postwar Ephemeral Conference" in Florida. Not that I had any time since I was in the middle of organizing a recently acquired collection of books, magazines and photos for the museum. My title, Special Collections Librarian, pretty must describes my work.

Upon arrival at my destination airport I watched as people I recognized claimed their bags but there was no hint of mine. Finally, my bright green suitcase dropped on the carousel.



I made my way to where the shuttle bus to the resort was to pick the conference attendees up. Since my bag was so late I was left sitting on my suitcase waiting for the next one.



Arriving at the resort later than I expected I asked the desk clerk if my bag could be held at the bell desk while I went to sign in at the conference desk. The clerk instead offered to have my bag sent directly to my room.

Signing in for the conference went smoothly but took longer than I expected as I had to select which sessions I would be attending. Ande, the receptionist told me that there were several special events being held each night after the conferences. I thanked her for letting me know but since I wasn't aware of the events before I left for the conference I only packed my normal business attire so I had nothing to wear to the formal gala tonight nor anything even remotely right for the costume party the next night.

I went to my room and found my luggage had already been delivered. I had a little while before I needed to head to dinner so opened the suitcase.



Thinking about the evening special events, the formal gala and costume party I decided I wouldn't have attended either event even if I had know since I have either type of clothing anyway. Besides I was here to learn more about 1940s magazines and photos not have fun.

As I opened the suitcase I realized it wasn't mine, it looked like mine but definitely was not mine as I don't recall packing a white petticoat...



... or for that matter any of the clothing in this suitcase. I checked the suitcase for a name tag and didn't find one. In fact there wasn't even an airline claim stub on it. I called the airline but they couldn't help me find who had my bag unless they happened to call the airline too.



I continued looking in the suitcase in hopes of finding who it belonged to. Instead I found stockings and a garter belt.



It suddenly dawned on me, what was in this suitcase and what I had on was all I had to wear for the next few days! I began to lay out the contents of the suitcase much like I do when receiving a new collection at the museum. If the contents were meant to be a collection they would have been several perfect examples of 1940s clothing. Unfortunately not mainstream clothing but those seen in men's magazines from the era.



I found a corset and wrapped it around my body, it would fit but I had no idea what to wear it with. I didn't how would I lace it up alone. Then I caught myself, what am I thinking, why in the world would I need to lace it up, I can't wear it anyway. I did however like a red gown that I had found.



Since it was the only thing that was even close to something I would wear I held it up and looked in the nearby full length wall mirror. I decided to try it on.

I started by removing my shirt and unzipping my skirt, I only had to put my shoes back on so I tried leaving them on and stepping out of the skirt but kept catching my heel.



So I sat on the floor and slipped the skirt down my legs and over my feet. Seeing myself in the mirror I noticed the straps on my slip had loosened. I pulled them up and tightened them.



While doing so I suddenly thought about what my co-workers would say when the learned what had happened.

Standing, I slipped the dress over my head, working it down over my hips.



Once I had it on and smoothed out I looked in the mirror. At once I knew it wasn't going to work. My slip shown at the top, sides and even at the bottom. I don't think it possible to wear this dress with even a bra since the back was so low cut.



I never had worn a dress this revealing before. Since I already had it on and no one would see me anyway I decided to see what it would look like if I wore it the way it was intended. First I set my glasses aside and let my hair down.



Next I shimmied and twisted until I was able to work my slip down past my hips and off. I stood in front of the mirror as I had done moments earlier but this time was amazed to see what was reflected back. I moved around, raising my arms to be sure it was me.



Indeed it was me, the dress fit perfectly. The deep plunge of the neckline and cut away sides resulted in my breasts just barely being held hidden. Wow I thought, is that really me? The slight movement of my breasts in the dress resulted in a tingle in my nipples causing them to stiffen. Did the rest as good I wondered as I turned to the side.



I pulled the dress aside and let my knee, no my entire leg be revealed by the side slit of the dress. If it went any higher it would leave very little to the imagination nor room to wear panties. I liked what I saw and had a fleeting thought pass through my mind, I wanted someone else to see how good I looked. Since I was attending the conference alone, no one here knows me so I could go to the gala tonight see how the other side lives.

The gala was great, at first I was very nervous that everyone was looking at me. but, Ande, the receptionist from when I checked in came over and said how great I looked in my "business attire."

I had to lie and say "I had forgotten I had packed the dress."

"Maybe you forgot you packed a costume for tomorrow night." she teased.

I was still so excited when I returned to my room that I had to go look in the mirror again.



I undid the strap from around my neck, holding the dress to me bosom as I looked over my shoulder at my reflection. The criss-crossing straps had slid down and tangled low on my back.

Turning the other way I let the top of the dress fall completely.



It was then while I glanced over my shoulder that I realized I looked exactly like the women I had seen in the numerous pin up magazines I had cataloged from the recently acquired collection at the museum..

I eagerly went to the suitcase, hoping to find something to sleep in that was not a t-shirt like I usually wore at home. In moments I was wearing an outfit of sheer black lingerie.



Shyly at first I stood looking at my reflection in the mirror as I covered my breasts with my hands. Even my most revealing bra at home covered far more of my breasts than this scanty lingerie.



I dropped my hands and gazed at my reflected image, it was me and it wasn't me. I didn't wear clothing like this, I didn't even own clothing like this. Could I really be this sexy looking?



Standing by the suitcase, I pulled at the lingerie while trying to decide if I liked what I saw before I finally went to bed. I had difficulty falling asleep, images of me in glamorous dresses and sexy lingerie filled my head.

After lunch the next day I went to the expo hall where various vendors were showing their products. Little caught my attention until I stumbled across a small booth selling various vintage and reproduction items. On display was a corset, curious about it, I asked the saleswomen how they were worn and more importantly how to get one on. She laughed and explained it was a lost skill but suggested a book she had for sale that covered vintage lingerie and how it was worn.

After the afternoon conference session I ran in to Ande, she asked "Did you find a costume?"

I responded, "I may have, I have to see if what I have will work out."

"I hope it does." she said, "We are giving prizes for the best costumes and if you look as good as you did last night you might win."

Reaching my room I opened the book and read about lingerie from the first half of the 20th century and how to wear it. Inspired and curious about what I had read I decided to try on the corset from the suitcase.



I had loosened the ties in the back and began to buckle the front. With a bit of a struggle and referring to the book I was finally able to tighten the laces myself. I looked in the mirror to see how I had done.



It looked pretty good to me. The trick was being able to work without seeing what you were doing and not letting the laces get tangled. I turned to see if I had managed to lace the back up straight or not.



I was beginning to see why men liked looking at those pin up magazines. I thought to myself that I might as well put on the whole outfit and see what it looks like finished. I stepped in to the petticoat and started to pull it up.



The petticoat was nothing more than ruffles and fluff yet sent a jolt of electricity though me as I pulled it up. I watched myself in the mirror, thinking how sexy the clothing made me look.



Eager to see the finished effect I pulled on the short black skirt from the suitcase. Once it was on I just had to pull the hem up and show off my leg as often seen in the pin up magazines.



Enjoying myself I playfully twilled around letting the skirt and petticoat flare outward. I recalled one image I had seen and recreated it by bending forward and flipping my skirt and petticoat up over my bottom.



When I did it I just started laughing, it was fun being a pin up girl. I noticed the garter belt laying in the suitcase. At first I just held the garter belt up to see what it would look like then found myself putting it on.



Once it was on I searched for the stockings to go with it. I slipped off my shoes and sat on the floor. Imagining myself as a pin up girl I posed for the mirror as I put on the stockings.



With the stockings on found I had to stand to attach the garters. My skirt and fluff of the petticoat kept getting in the way. I checked the book to see if there was a better way and found I was supposed to put on the stocking and garter before the skirt and petticoat.



Once I had everything on I realized that while I felt incredibly sexy there was no way I could wear the outfit in public. I am sure my backside could be seen every time I took a step and there was no way I could sit down unless I lifted the back of the petticoat first. Not to mention that if I moved my arms the wrong way my nipples popped out.

I liked how the corset molded my breasts and really wanted to wear it but would need to wear something over it and didn't have anything. Reluctantly I took off the stockings, garter, petticoat and corset.

A quick search in the suit case uncovered a couple more outfits. I tried another on.



I put on a cute cheerleading uniform. The top fit nicely and didn't reveal too much, it was cropped so my tummy wasn't covered which looked pretty good. The black, gold and white skirt made my legs look very long and sexy.



The problem was I didn't find anything to wear under the skirt, my bottom would be revealed each time I moved. I wonder what the real owner of these clothes had planned to wear underneath. I also wanted to wear something more along the theme of the conference, this cheerleader outfit was too modern.

I choose to wear a red skirt and striped top I found. It was kind of pin up looking and the top did show off my breasts nicely.



At the entry to the costume party a photographer had set up to take everyone picture as they entered. I watched as he took each persons picture as they stood in front of a backdrop. When it was my turn he asked if I was willing to try a pose more appropriate to what I was wearing. I agreed and he had me kneel and turn slightly toward him.



Getting an idea as to what he wanted I let one strap fall from my shoulder. The photographer thanked me as he intended to take only the one picture. Instead of getting up right away I changed my pose.



I knew as that as I leaned forward on my finger tips my breasts would move forward since I had not worn a bra. This time after taking the picture the photographer looked like he expected me to pose again.

Keeping in the theme I kicked up my legs like I did putting the stockings in front of the mirror.



Next I turned and emulated a pose I had seen often in the pin up magazines, laying on my front, knees bent and resting on my elbows. I left the strap off my shoulder but moved my arm to hide the fact my breast free of a bra had nearly fell out of my top.



"Very well done" the photographer said, "I would like to see... photograph more of you."

I thanked him but didn't enter a discussion with him. Instead I made my way into the costume party and dinner. When the prizes were awarded I found I had won one, a professional photo session here are the resort. Ande came congratulated me.

I asked, "How was the selection of who won done?"

"Hmm, your prize as donated by the photographer and I think he got to choose who won." she answered.

"Kinda what I thought" I said before telling her what happened when I had come in.

"So are you going to do it?" Ande asked

"Depends, if he will do it in the theme of the conference." I answered.

Ande spoke to the photographer and he agreed to do it as a themed shoot. We planned it for after lunch tomorrow just before I had to leave for the airport.

I took the suitcase to the room set up as a photo studio. The photographer and I went thought what I had to wear and decided on the black skirt, petticoat, stockings, garter belt and corset styled lingerie top.



He asked if I minded showing a little bit more by lifting the hem to show where the garter strap attached to the stocking. In response and feeling bold not only did I show the what he asked for but lifted the hem further.



I stood there, with my skirt lifted high enough that he could see and photograph my panties.

"So you don't mind revealing your lingerie." he commented and then asked if I would remove the skirt and petticoat.

I readily agreed and was soon found myself standing in front of a stranger wearing nothing but lingerie.



Soon he had me sitting on the floor arms stretched back, one leg kicked up. I am sure he had a pretty good look at my bottom when he went to re-position one of the lights. For some reason it didn't bother me that he wanted to look at my body. I think I was beginning to enjoy letting it be seen.



He took several photos of me with minor changes to the poses, he found reason to adjust that one light a couple of times too.
