 "How is my favourite Daughter today?"

"A bit better than yesterday."

I always call her my favourite even though she is my only child. Normally it makes her smile, but not today. I guess she is in too much pain.

"Have the Doctors said anymore about your hands?"

"Only that they are not as badly burnt as they first thought, and that given time they will heal OK."

"That's great news, I was really worried."

"Me too, but this pain is a bitch, though it is easing off. They have given me stronger painkillers."

I slumped down into the chair next to her bed, I was physically and emotionally drained, the last few days had taken their toll on me. As I sat there I thought about the call I had received telling me the bad news.

"Mr. Ford, this is Doctor Claire Harding from Memorial Hospital, your Daughter has been admitted to the burns unit."

She had said it in a matter of fact manner, no preamble or warning of what was to come. Time stopped still as I tried to process what she had just said. All sorts of things ran through my mind, but it took me several seconds before I asked the obvious question.

"How badly is she burnt?"

When she told me it was just her hands I was relieved. So not life threatening and not disfiguring. The Doctor then explained what had happened to my precious Daughter, apparently she had knocked a kettle of boiling water over. An hour later I was at the hospital.

"Daddy you look tired."

"I am, I was just thinking about your accident. It could have been a lot worse."

"It would have been better if I hadn't reached for it as it fell over. That meant that I burnt both hands rather than just one."

"Yes, that wasn't the smartest thing you have ever done, but I guess it was just a natural reaction to grab it."

"Don't worry, I will not be doing that again."

That made both of us laugh. As we finished there was a knock on the door, and then Doctor Harding entered.

"It's good to see that you have both found something to laugh about." She didn't wait for us to reply before looking at Mary and adding, "You can go home soon."

Mary looked delighted, but all I could think about was who was going to look after her. My face must have betrayed my worry.

"Daddy, you don't look happy."

"I am glad you are well enough to come home, but with your bandaged hands you will need twenty four hour care."

My Daughter now understood my concern.

"Check with your insurance, a lot of policies will pay for a nurse to look after sick people at home."

I hadn't thought about that.

"Thank you Doctor, I will give them a call."

Mary was now smiling again. I smiled as well, but it was forced, I had a nagging feeling that it was too good to be true. After the Doctor left I phoned them. They were very sympathetic but the policy excluded it. We were covered for a long hospital stay, and for nearly every test you can think of, but not for a home nurse. 

"Daddy, what are we going to do?"

"I don't know. I just wish your Mother was still alive, she would have taken good care of you."

When I saw the look on my Daughter's face I knew I had said the wrong thing. Her Mother had died two years ago but she was still coming to terms with it. Me and my big mouth.

"Sorry, I know how much you miss her."

I could see she was struggling not to cry as she said, "I am a big girl now, at twenty years old I shouldn't react like this when you talk about her."

I didn't say anything else, I just hugged her. I then held her arm for a couple of minutes until she calmed down. When she gave me a big smile I knew she was OK.

"Don't worry, I will think of something. When I leave I am going to speak to the Doctor, she might be able to offer some advice."

It was late when I left but Doctor Harding was still in her office. I explained the situation to her and she listened sympathetically.

When I had finished she said, "So you have no women relatives that can look after her?"

"None. My Aunty June would have been able to but her husband is frail and she spends all her time looking after him."

"In that case you only have two options, you pay for some help or you do it yourself. I can give you the names of some agencies you can call to find out the cost."

After getting the phone numbers from her I thanked her for her time and help.

"I hope they are suitable, but I must warn you they will be expensive."

Expensive was an understatement. The first one I called gave me a rate that seemed excessive, but I could probably just about afford it. However what they quoted was for a day, but I thought it was for a week. When I realised my mistake I almost had a heart attack. The second one was slightly cheaper. They were very keen for me to hire them but I said I needed to consider it.

The next day I was at the hospital early, just after eight. Mary was still asleep. I sat in the chair next to her bed, watching my beautiful Daughter. Since her Mother died I have always been there for her, always looking after her. It was then that I made my mind up, I would have to get a loan. With a bit of luck I would be able to borrow the amount I needed.

When she woke I told her my plan.

She was horrified, "It's too much money to borrow." 

I shrugged my shoulders before saying, in as confident a voice as I could manage, "It's not a problem, I can pay it back OK."

"Is there nothing else we can do?"

"I could look after you, but you wouldn't want that, so it's not really an option."

"YES it is."

I was surprised by her reaction, before she was almost crying, now she was grinning like the Cheshire Cat. Then the grin turned into a frown.

"But will you be able to get time off work?"

"I think so. I have a two week holiday booked for next month. I might be able to bring it forward."

"That would be perfect. The Doctor said the bandages should come off in about two weeks."

I was apprehensive when I called my boss, but I needn't have worried.

"Jim, your priority is your Daughter. You can take the two weeks whenever you want."

I felt as if a weight had been lifted off me. The day got even better when I spoke to Doctor Harding about it. 

"I am glad it is now sorted out. If it's any help to you I can keep Mary in hospital for another two or three days. Strictly speaking she is fit enough to be discharged today, however nobody will question a few extra days."

I thanked her profusely, then I went to Mary to tell her the good news. Three days later I took her home.

"It's going to be a bit uncomfortable for both of us until we get used to it."

"I know, but I am sure you will take good care of me." 

"Come and see you room, I tidied it up yesterday."

"Thanks, but first I need to..."

She didn't complete the sentence, instead she just looked down at the floor, obviously too embarrassed to continue. When she raised her head I gave her a big smile, then I nodded. We both then went to the bathroom.

"I am going to have to put my hands up your skirt so that I can pull your knickers down. Are you OK with that?"

"Yes Daddy," but she sounded nervous.

I did it as quickly as I could, and when they were around her ankles she sat down onto the toilet. I looked away until I heard the hissing noise stop.

"That wasn't as bad as I thought it was going to be. I will just pull your knickers up and then we will be done."

I waited for her to stand, but she remained seated. There was a look of anguish on her face.

"Are you OK."

"You need to wipe me."

I felt my face redden. 

"Sorry, I didn't think of that. We just shake it but you women have different plumbing."

That made her smile.

"Yes, dab it with some toilet roll."

That was going to be easier said than done. If she was a girlfriend I would lift up her skirt so that I could see what I was doing, but she was my Daughter, so that was not an option. I gathered a few sheets and then I tentatively moved my hand up her skirt.

"You are going to have to open your legs."

She did as I asked, but a lot wider than was necessary. I took a deep breath then I gently put my hand against her. I felt her body tense.

"No, higher up."

I dabbed her twice, then I stopped. Even though it was the tissue that had touched her private parts and not my hand, it felt very intimate. My hand had been against her plump cunt, and during my last touch I had felt a small lump. Was that her clit? There was an uncomfortable stirring in my trousers, I tried to ignore it as I pulled her knickers back up.

"That wasn't too bad, was it?"

She didn't reply for a few seconds, she appeared to be thinking about something.

"It was OK, but you are the first person to touch me there."

I looked at her in amazement, twenty years old and she has never even been fingered. I had suspected she was still a virgin, but I didn't realise how inexperienced she was.

"Daddy you look shocked."

"Not shocked, you just took me by surprise."

"You are probably wondering why."

"It's none of my business, so long as you are happy." 

"I would like to have sex, but I am always too nervous. It never feels like the right time. The men I date always seem to want it straight away, before I am ready. They have a quick grope of my tits then they try to get a hand inside my knickers."

"Don't worry, you are still young. One day you will meet the right man, somebody who takes his time. Then you will open up to him."

"Was that what it was like with you and Mother?"

I thought back to when we had first met, I was twenty six and she was twenty one. I was experienced but she was a virgin. I had taught her all about sex.

"Daddy?"

"Sorry, I was just thinking about when me and your Mother started dating. She was very much like you are now."

"So you were the right man for her?"

"Yes I was."

That ended the conversation. The next toilet visit was done quickly and efficiently, it almost felt routine. After our evening meal we watched television.

"It's getting late, I think I will go to bed."

"OK, if you need me in the night just come to my room."

She giggled before saying, "Daddy, you are so silly. I need you now to get my night clothes on."

I felt stupid, "Sorry, I keep forgetting that you can't use your hands."

When we got to her bedroom she looked around the room.

"Where did you put my clothes that I asked you to bring me from my place?"

I pointed to the chest of drawers in the corner.

"Good, pick me out a nightie."

I searched through them, picking out a long cotton one. I held it up for her approval.

She shook her head, "Find me a short one. If I need the bathroom in the night then I should be able to manage on my own."

I looked through them again. I showed her the only one I could find, it was very short and almost see-through.

"Is that the only one?"

"I think so."

I checked again, it was. 

"It will have to do for tonight, but tomorrow you will have to take me shopping."

I nodded, she definitely needed something more suitable.

"This is going to be another awkward moment. I am going to undress you, do you want me to keep my eyes closed?"

She gave a nervous giggle before saying, "No that would be silly."

She then turned to face me. As I unbuttoned her top I tried not to look too closely at her large breasts that she had inherited from her Mother. Did she have the same magnificent nipples? The thought of seeing them sent a shudder down my spine, and the blood rushing to my cock. When the last button was done I opened her top, then I carefully pulled the sleeves down over her bandaged hands before removing it completely.

"Turn round and I will unhook your bra."

She then did as I had asked, standing still as I released it. When it fell to the floor she surprised me by turning to face me, I had expected her to keep her back towards me. She then took a couple of steps back.

"While you were unbuttoning me I started thinking. You are going to be doing everything for me for the next two weeks at least, that includes bathing me. So eventually you are going to see me completely naked. We might as well get it over and done with now."

As if to emphasise her point she put her arms under her breasts and lifted them up, it was if she was presenting them to me. I couldn't take my eyes off them. Her tits looked even bigger without her bra on, and her nipples were a thing of beauty. They were long and thick, even better than her Mother's. I longed to touch them, to suck on them, but she was my Daughter so that was never going to happen. .

"Daddy, what's the matter?"

"Nothing, it's just that you have the same magnificent tits as your Mother."

"Really?" 

She was now beaming with pride.

"From the look on your face I thought you didn't like them."

I blurted out, "I do, I like them a lot."

That made her giggle, but I felt my face redden at my inappropriate remark. She then shuddered in an exaggerated manner.

"Daddy I am getting cold, get me ready for bed."

I quickly reached for the nightie, but she shook her head.

"Take my knickers off first."

With trembling hands I removed them. I couldn't see much, but it was obvious she was shaven, and it looked to have been done recently. One of the nurses must have done it for her. When I raised my eyes I could see she was smiling.

"I prefer it like that."

She must have noticed me looking down at it.

"You are just like your Mother."

Her smile got wider, "Yes, she taught me how to look after it."

I looked down at it again before saying, "I do prefer a bald..." then I stopped when I realised what I was about to say.

I had expected her to ignore it, but she looked me straight in the eye before saying, "A bald what?"

Her face was a picture of innocence and curiosity. I hesitated for a few seconds before saying, "A cunt."

She gave a nervous giggle before averting her eyes, then she said in a low voice, "Good, I will keep mine shaven."

That sent a tingle down my spine, and I knew that in bed tonight when I masturbated, it wouldn't be her Mother I was thinking about. When I climaxed I would be calling out my Daughter's name.

The next day I was up just after eight, Mary was still in bed. She hadn't woken me in the night so if she had needed the bathroom she had managed OK on her own. I went quietly downstairs, so as not to disturb her, however twenty minutes later I could hear her calling me.

"Did you have a good sleep?"

"Yes, but the pain has woken me up. Pop two of the painkillers into my mouth."

She managed to swallow them without any water.

"I will dress you then we can have breakfast. Bacon and eggs OK for you?"

"Perfect."

I put her knickers on first before taking her nightie off. Her bra had been easy to take off but I was finding it more difficult to put back on. I had to place the cups over her big tits and for the first time I felt the weight of them. I could feel an erection starting. I could see her big nipples straining against her bra, my cock grew another inch. Somehow I managed to concentrate, two minutes later she was fully dressed.

"That was the best bacon and eggs I have ever tasted."

I wasn't sure about that, but she had obviously enjoyed it even though I had to feed it to her.

"And this is the best coffee I have ever tasted, even though I have to drink it through a straw."

Now I knew she was poking fun at me, but I didn't mind so long as she was happy.

"Tell me about you and Mother, when you started going out with her."

That took me by surprise, normally she didn't want to talk about her.

"What do you want to know?"

She gave me a nervous smile before saying, "I want to know how you got her to open up."

On the surface it sounded innocent, but really she was asking me how I managed to get to fuck her.

I shrugged my shoulders, "It just happened over time."

"You said yesterday that I am a lot like here. I need to know."

She was almost pleading. There was an awkward silence for a few seconds, then I just nodded. If my little girl wanted to know then I would tell her.

I took a deep breath before starting, "When we met I was five years older than her. I was very experienced but I could tell that your Mother wasn't."

"Very?"

"Yes, I was good looking when I was younger. All the girls loved me."

That gave her a fit of the giggles, and for some reason it annoyed me.

I gave her a stern look, "Do you want me to continue?"

She tried to look serious, then she just said, "Yes."

"As I was saying, I was very experienced."

I looked at her, she was struggling to keep her face straight but she managed to control it.

"On our first date we kissed a lot, but that was it. I could tell she was shy so I didn't want to push it. We went out again the next night. That was when I tried to play with her tits, but she pushed my hand away. I guess I knew she wasn't ready but I couldn't help it, her tits looked amazing."

"That's what happens to me, they go straight for my tits."

I looked at them, I could understand why.

"So was Mother annoyed?"

"Yes, but I told her I wouldn't do it again. That calmed her down, it was a few weeks later before she let me go further. So there you are, you now know what happened."

I thought we had finished, but as I got up from the chair Mary said, "Tell me about that first time, when she let you play with her tits."

I sat back down, "What do you want to know?"

"Everything."

"I am not sure if I should."

"I want to know, I NEED to know."

When I looked at her face there was a small tear in the corner of her eye, my heart melted. Against my better judgment I decided to do what she had asked.

"It was the weekend. Your Mother had come round to my place, I was going to cook her a meal. We sat on the sofa kissing, lots of kissing. I explored her mouth and she did the same to mine. It got more and more passionate. Normally when we get to that stage your Mother pulls her head back and we stop. This time when she stopped she whispered into my ear, 'I want you to touch my breasts'. That took me by surprise. When she started kissing me again I reached down for her tits."

"So she was now ready to go further?"

"Yes, I had waited patiently and now I was getting my reward."

I could see she was keen to hear more so I continued.

"As I squeezed her tits I searched for her nipple. When I found it she gasped. I could feel it through her top and bra so I knew it must be big. My other hand quickly found her other nipple. I rubbed and pinched them as hard as I could. I knew I was being rough but she wasn't complaining, I think she was enjoying it more than I was."

Mary giggled, but I just ignored her.

"I thought that was all I was going to get, but then your Mother surprised me again."

"Take it off."

"Your top?"

"Yes, and take my bra off as well."

"I was all fingers and thumbs but eventually her top was off, quickly followed by her bra. I will never forget when I first saw her naked tits, topped with those amazing nipples. My mouth went straight to one of them and my hand to the other. I was like a kid in a toy shop, I couldn't get enough."

I stopped and looked at her, she seemed to be in a daze, as if she was living the experience herself. When she noticed me watching her she gave me a weak smile then said in a low voice, "I wish that was me."

"One day it will be."

"I hope so," but from the look on her face she didn't seem convinced that it would happen.

She needed cheering up. I made my mind up, for both our sakes we needed to go out.

Getting up from the table I said "We can't sit here all day. You decide what we are going to do while I do the washing up."

It didn't take her long to think of something, she wanted to go shopping. An hour later we left, and we didn't return until almost four. She visited every shop she wanted to and I trailed behind her like a little dog, I didn't mind, the day was all about her. She had bought another nightie, but it was as short and as see-through as the one she already had. It was highly unsuitable, but I didn't complain, anything that would show off her fit body was OK by me.
