 It's the law of unintended consequences. Well, maybe consequences isn't the right word...

It all started when I found out my mother's hot, dark-haired friend Candice — whom everyone called Cookie — was moving into the guest room at Mom's. Cookie's landlord had jacked up the rent on her apartment, and it was just too much for her to afford. He did it right before the holidays. What a fucking Grinch. Mom didn't hesitate in the slightest to invite her in.

Cookie was a few years younger than my mom, and man, was she stacked. She had enormous tits, and the rest of her was pretty great, too. I can't even begin to count the number of times I'd jerked off fantasizing about her, and I'd never seen her in anything truly revealing.

A plan formulated in my head almost immediately. I had a key to the house, my old computer, still sitting in my room, and knowledge of a certain high shelf of knickknacks in that guest room. Though it meant I wouldn't be playing a couple of new release games until they hit the bargain bin, I could borrow them, or get somebody to buy them for Christmas, I did a little online shopping.

The web-enabled security cam was perfect for my voyeuristic scheme. It could be set to start recording with movement, or be controlled remotely via an app on my phone, tablet, or laptop. The video files could also be transferred wirelessly to my computer, which had plenty of room once I deleted a large chunk of my old porn off it. As soon as the cam arrived, I skipped a couple of morning lectures, headed to Mom's, and set the camera up on that shelf while she and Cookie were at work.

It was almost completely hidden by the knickknacks, while still having a perfect view of the bed, and most of the room. I tested it with the app on my phone, and confirmed that its movements were almost silent. With my spy cam in place, I returned to campus.

That evening, when I had the dorm room to myself, I booted up the app on my tablet. After fast-forwarding through some boring footage, I got an early Christmas present.

Cookie had a towel wrapped around her, tucked between those humongous tits, and another wound around her head in a turban. She walked over to the bed, tossed her clothing on it, and then whipped off that towel.

Her tits were everything I'd ever imagined, and more. They were big, pendulous, and capped with large, bumpy areolas surrounding proportionately small nipples. Much to my delight, she stretched, raising her hands over her head, and lifting those bodacious ta-tas. How I wished I'd been monitoring the camera when she did that, so I could have zoomed in.

She had a hairy pussy. While the trimmed triangle of bush between her legs took me aback at first, it quickly grew on me. I'd always been a shaved pussy kind of guy, but somehow, that hair looked right on a Milf like Cookie. She even blessed me by turning around, so I could get a good look at her hot ass naked.

Though she was only naked for a short time, it was more than enough for me to save some great screen grabs, and a little bit of video that would be excellent masturbation fuel, until she gave me something better.

It was another two days before I had the dorm room to myself to check out what the camera had recorded, and I almost missed the best part by having it overwritten. My roommate in the dorm had always gotten on my nerves, but once I installed that camera, his mere presence was an irritation. Whenever he was there, I couldn't comb the footage looking for more of Cookie naked.

What I'd nearly missed was her lying down on the bed in a nightgown — which was enticing in and of itself — watching something on the television. Her movement as she slid into a reclining position from sitting up against the headboard had been what set off the camera's motion sensor. Almost immediately, she reached up and squeezed one of those big tits. Her hand slid across her chest, and she gave the opposite nipple a pinch.

I reached down to adjust my swelling erection. The best was yet to come, though. My heart raced as I watched her hand slide down her body. It was all I could do not to groan when she bunched up the hem of her nightgown, revealing sexy, blue, skimpy panties.

Much to my delight, her legs drifted apart, and she started to play with her pussy through her panties. Her eyes were still focused on the television, which made me suspect she was watching porn. After a minute or so, her hand slid into her panties, while the other worked her tits. I was amazed at how hot it was to watch her hand moving beneath the thin cloth of her panties. Of course, I'd have much rather seen her playing with it in the open.

As if a genie had granted my wish, she suddenly jerked her hand out of her panties, lifted her butt, shoved her panties down, and kicked them away. She spread her legs wide, and started rubbing that hairy pussy. Her other hand was absolutely mauling those big tits while she did it — shoving them this way and that, and pinching her nipples hard.

How I wished I could have zoomed in for a better look. Even more, I wished the camera had sound, because I could see her mouth opening and closing, and knew she was making noise. Her fingers sometimes moved in fast circles over her clit, and sometimes waved back and forth over it. She also started shoving her fingers into her pussy.

Apparently, even that wasn't enough.

At first, I thought the show was over when she pulled her hand from between her legs and they snapped together. As it turned out, it was only preparation for her to roll onto her side, reach into the top drawer of the nightstand, and retrieve a vibrator.

I leaned in closer to the screen — enthralled — and watched her fuck herself silly with that plastic dick. Finally, her back arched up high from the bed with the vibrator buried to the hilt inside her. Her mouth was wide open in a scream I would have so dearly loved to hear. When her back slammed down onto the bed, she thrashed around for a little while, working the dildo, and then settled into twitches.

The recording ended with her putting the vibrator on the nightstand with a trembling hand, shutting off the television, and then going limp on the bed.

My dick was throbbing like crazy. I saved the footage to my computer at Mom's house, and then cued it back up to jerk off. I came so hard that I ended up overwhelming the tissue I used to try and catch it.

It wasn't the last time I got to watch her get herself off, either. Over the next couple of weeks, I built up three more clips of her finger-banging or fucking herself with a vibrator. The powers that be also smiled on me in another way. My annoying roommate hooked up with a girl who lived off campus, and started spending all his time there. I was finally free to enjoy Cookie's antics whenever I wished.

I paid attention, and discovered that Cookie returned to her room from the shower at almost the exact same time — though not every day. I seriously doubted that she wasn't showering every day, but for some reason, she didn't always walk into her room afterwards. I noticed that she also didn't sleep in her room every night. It was curious, but I had a goal in mind, and focused on that.

Cookie's post shower show was after all my lectures were over for the day. Because I had the dorm to myself, I could finally watch it live, and have control of the camera.

She didn't disappoint. My mom's hot friend walked into her room, wrapped in towels, and I made ready with the camera controls. The resolution and frame rate of the camera were great. When I zoomed in on those tits, I could almost count the little bumps around her nipples. Panning down, I could see her pussy peeking out from the dark nest of curls around it.

It was going to make for some great screen grabs, which were making me quite popular in my small circle of friends. She probably had a half dozen guys jerking off to her every night at that point. The videos I kept for myself.

As hot as it was, that was just a preview for the main event. With Christmas vacation fast approaching, my study load was light, creating the possibility of watching her play with herself live as well. Fortunately, the camera had the capability to send an alert to my phone whenever it kicked on. All I had to do was wait for that ping on my phone.

There was no luck that first day, and no after shower show the next two days, but finally, the camera activated and I saw her climb into bed, in her nightgown, and turn on the television. I left the app running on my phone, glancing at it every so often as I went over the notes from the morning lectures.

The moment her hands started roaming over those tits of hers, I screen-mirrored the app to the television. For good measure, I turned on the radio and stuck it near the door. Zooming in let me see her nipples poking at the material of her nightgown. For some reason, she never did more than pull up the hem of her nightgown far enough to reach her pussy. I would have loved to watch her tits jiggle while she played with herself, but that wish simply hadn't come true.

As usual, she started with slow, teasing touches over her panties, but then she broke from the norm. After a few seconds, down went her panties — pink this time — and she went straight for her vibrator. Whatever she was watching must have really turned her on.

I was right there with her. Even though I was wearing sweatpants instead of jeans, I felt extremely constrained. I pushed them and my underwear down, though I only gave my cock a little squeeze at first to calm it down. I had to give it a harder one when she slid her vibrator in her mouth to wet it before aiming it at her pussy.

I zoomed in just in time to watch that bright red dick vanish inside her. She wasn't playing around — that's for certain. She fucked herself hard and fast, forcing me to zoom out a little because all I was getting from the super close shot was motion blur. Once I adjusted the camera, I stared hard at the vibrator plunging into her.

It didn't take long before the hairs around her pussy grew damp and creamy. I could see her pussy juice smeared on the vibrator as well. As hot as the close shot was, I loved the looks on her face and how red it got before she came, so I pulled back the camera. I left it in the perfect place to see everything except below her knees, grabbed an old t-shirt, slid my dick into it, and joined her.

Cookie writhed on the bed, jamming the vibrator into her pussy. Her head lolled back and forth on the pillow. Her other hand alternated between playing with her tits and clawing at the sheets. I could see the redness rising in her face, and it was almost like a timer counting down to her orgasm.

I pumped my fist over my cock, doing my best to keep quiet so nobody down the hall would hear me. I was trying to hold back, and come with her, but just as her face grew as red as a stop sign and the hand jamming the vibrator in her began to falter, I lost the battle.

I choked off a grunt in my throat as I exploded into the t-shirt and fought to keep my eyes open. By my third spurt, she was coming too. She thrashed on the bed, her hips rising up and slamming back down to the mattress as she came. I'd finished coming and let go of my dick by the time she settled down.

I had to laugh when some commercial on the radio was using the song, Oh Come, All Ye Faithful.

Watching her suck her vibrator clean set off a full body tremble in me. I finally let my eyes close when she put the vibrator on her nightstand, and settled into the afterglow. Eventually, she pulled her panties back up, turned off the television, and shut off the lights.

I happily turned to the task of selecting screen grabs and editing down the main event for my video spank bank.

The hard drive at home was filling up, but I could sneak over there at any time and transfer everything to a flash drive. I knew I would be there for Christmas anyway, so I didn't fret over it much. I did make a mental note to copy the last of my favorite Milf porn off the hard drive to free up more space, though.

I had no luck the next day, beyond seeing Cookie in her nightgown when she went to bed. I was out most of the day the following day, hanging with friends. I'd barely settled into the dorm before checking what the cam had recorded that day.

Cookie walked in from her shower, and while her stripping off the towel was enjoyable, it was becoming routine. What happened next was anything but.

"What have we here?" I muttered when she started tossing sexy lingerie on the bed. That explained the shopping bag I hadn't paid much attention to when she brought it into the room during an earlier recording. There were red stockings, a garter belt, panties that matched the stockings, and a lacy red bra. Then she started dressing up.

That bra was so airy that it barely hid her tits at all. I could still clearly see the outline of her areolas and nipples through the gauzy cloth. The panties were just as thin, though the waistband did show through the garter belt in the sexiest way, once she slid that on. Finally, she put on the stockings, and stood up to admire the look in the mirror on the back of the door. Her little half pirouettes gave me a great look at her from virtually every angle as well.

She suddenly broke out into a smile, said something toward the closed door, and then struck a sexy pose with her hip cocked to the side. I couldn't see the door to the room, but I could tell she was talking to someone there, and she licked her lips when she finished. Then she walked that way.

All I could really see was Cookie's back when she stopped. Then all of the sudden, a gorgeous leg in red stockings curled around the back of Cookie's. That was enough for me to work out from what little I could see that she was kissing another woman.

"Holy fucking shit," I whispered, leaning in closer. "Ho, ho, ho. Merry Christmas to me."

My heart raced and my dick throbbed when I realized Cookie was pulling the other woman into the room. I had a fraction of a second to see that the other woman was blonde, and wearing white lingerie, other than her red stockings.

Then I realized the blonde was my mom.

I slapped my phone face down on the bed and scooted away from it. My face was burning and my head was reeling. I'd never had any hint that Cookie was into girls before, and sure as hell didn't know that my mom was.

My mom. I'd just seen my mother in sexy lingerie that left little to the imagination, and I couldn't get the image out of my head. I covered my eyes, shook my head, and tried to chase it away, but it wasn't working.

I grabbed my phone, intending to close the app, and then blank out every file on the camera later. That's what I intended to do, anyway. When I picked it up and turned it back over, I couldn't stop myself from looking.

Cookie's bra was pulled down below her tits. It was still on, but it had been yanked down. She and my mother were kissing, and feeling each other up. They were really going at it. Slowly, but surely, they were moving closer to the bed.

Mom was wearing something other than a bra. I'm not sure what it's actually called, but I think it's a bustier. Doesn't really matter, because Cookie proceeded to pull the straps of it off Mom's shoulders, and then pushed it down.

I guess I sort of knew that Mom had big boobs, but I didn't really know how big until that moment. They were almost as big as Cookie's. It was as if I was hypnotized. I couldn't look away. Mom had bigger nipples than Cookie, but not by much. They still looked tiny compared to the size of her tits.

Mom put a hand behind her friend's head, and Cookie leaned in to suck on Mom's right nipple. She only did it for a few seconds before she let go and slowly squatted down. Cookie kissed Mom's side as she dropped to her knees. My mom's head lolled back, and it looked like she was moaning. Then she grabbed her tits, squeezed them together, looked down, and said something. Cookie looked up, gave her a crooked grin, and then slid her fingers under the side of Mom's panties. Then she pushed the satiny-looking cloth aside.

Mom had a hairy pussy too. The hair was shorter than her friend's, and the triangle above her pussy was smaller. The lighter color meant that it didn't hide her pussy as much as Cookie's dark hair. It was even less hidden when Cookie used her fingers to part Mom's pussy lips before sliding a finger inside her.

Even though I'd always had a thing for older women, I'd never thought of my mom in a sexual way before. It was impossible not to as I watched her friend finger her pussy. Mom was squeezing and rubbing her tits, and sure looked like she was enjoying it.

Cookie pulled her finger out of Mom's pussy and sucked it clean while looking up into Mom's eyes. Mom shuddered so strongly that I could see it even in the small screen of my phone. Then her dark-haired friend pushed her toward the bed. Mom didn't hesitate at all. She stepped over, climbed in, and moved to lie down on the pillow. Cookie was right behind her.

My heart raced as Cookie crawled up into the bed, over my mom's body, and kissed her hard. Their tits were pressed together, and Cookie was grinding her pussy against Mom's leg. Mom was humping her pussy up against her friend, too. Cookie broke from the kiss, and planted a kiss on Mom's neck. Then she moved lower, and kissed both of Mom's tits, one after the other. She paused, looking up at Mom, and then sucked a nipple between her lips.

By that point, I was so turned on that there was no holding back. I squeezed my aching cock, and clicked to mirror my phone to the television. I had to see more. Mom ran her fingers through Cookie's hair, still trying to rub her pussy against her friend. The angle meant that I couldn't really see what Cookie was doing, but it was easy to infer that she was sucking and licking Mom's nipples, while squeezing her big tits.

I saw Mom say something, and Cookie responded by kissing Mom's stomach, just below her tits. Mom pushed on the top of her friend's head. Cookie kissed lower, and lower, until she was hovering over Mom's pussy. She pushed Mom's panties out of the way, and dived in.

It was right about then that my hand developed a mind of its own. My face got pretty warm when I realized I was stroking my dick through my sweatpants while I watched Cookie eat Mom's pussy. I froze up and hesitated for a second, but it was only for a second. I was too hard and turned on. I pushed my sweatpants down and surrendered to the inevitable.

From the way Mom was writhing, I guess Cookie was a hell of a pussy licker. One of Mom's hands was everywhere. She clawed at the bed, played with her tits, ran her fingers through her hair, sucked on her fingers... The other stayed in one place — right on the back of Cookie's head.

Mom's face started turning red, and there I was, jerking off, on the edge of my seat, waiting to watch my mom come. A flash of movement caught my eye, and I realized that Cookie was playing with herself too. She'd shoved her hand into her panties while she was licking Mom.

Mom was way ahead of her, though.

I gasped as I watched both of Mom's hands slap to the back of her friend's head, and grab fistfuls of hair. Her hips bounced up from the bed, slammed back down, and then she half sat up. Her face was bright red, and her mouth was wide open. I knew she had to be screaming.

It only took a couple of strokes after that for me to blow my load all over my stomach.

I was sitting there, covered in cum, watching my mom have an orgasm. Mom eventually pushed Cookie away, and her friend crawled up to kiss her. The sight of Mom tasting her own pussy on her friend's lips was almost too much. They lay down together, and I think they were laughing as they cuddled and softly kissed. The video cut out when they stopped moving enough to trigger the camera.
