 Please enjoy this new story; it is my attempt at a classic situation attempted by a number of other literotica authors.

I wasn't able to secure the help of any editors/proofreaders for this story. So, if you spot any errors that you find particularly annoying, feel free to contact me and volunteer to edit or proofread any of my future stories. Thanks.

Taylor VanCannon.

*****

Abe propped his head up and gazed at the slow rise and fall of his wife's breasts as she slept. With each new breath her hard nipples poked into the thin fabric of her night shirt. Was she dreaming? He reached for his cock and stroked it, slowly, fearful of waking Alice.

Her breathing increased and her lips moved, ever so slightly. He strained to hear what she said, but the thunderous crash of waves from the ocean below made them all but impossible to hear. Their home sat high on a cliff in Santa Cruz, overlooking the Pacific Ocean. Morning fog, typical of late summer in California, had the entire coastline socked in.

Alice's unruly auburn curls fanned out over her pillow. Her thick bangs were squared off just above her ample eyebrows. Her eyelids fluttered, but remained closed. The corners of he mouth turned up, just a little.

He fought the urge to reach for her breast and kept his hand on his stiffening cock, squeezing gently as he stroked it.

Alice's full lips parted and she licked her lower lip.

What was she dreaming about? Who was she dreaming about?

Her lips parted again, but this time she bit down on her lower lip. She took a deep breath and held it. Was she going to cum?

He pulled his hand off his cock and used his thumb to give her nipple a tender flick.

Her body tensed as she stretched her legs and pointed her toes up into the sheet. She opened her sleepy eyes and turned towards her husband. "Mmmm, do that again."

This time he rolled her hard nipple between his thumb and forefinger.

She reached for him, under the sheet, and tightened her fingers around his rock hard cock. "How long have you been watching?"

"Long enough to wonder who you were dreaming about."

She rolled towards him and gave his cock two quick tugs. "Pervert!"

He smiled. "Are you ready for me?"

She tossed her leg up over him and guided his cock into her very wet pussy. She moaned as his hard cock slipped into her, like a hot knife through butter. She giggled. "What do you think?"

He grinned and kissed her deeply.

She frowned and wrinkled her nose. "Morning mouth... disgusting... just like your thoughts."

He laughed and pinched her hard nipples. He nudged her with his hips, trying to get her mind back on business.

She grinned. "No messing around?"

He shook his head and pulled her up onto all fours.

Her long hair brushed his cheeks as she moved her head from side to side, riding him slowly, savoring his hard cock sliding in and out of her.

Abe took a deep breath. "Oh yeah babe, just like that. Nice and slow."

After a few gentle strokes she grew impatient and picked up the pace, jerking herself up and down his shaft.

"Ohh," he moaned, breathlessly.

She felt an orgasm building deep in her loins and pounded him furiously, digging deep to get off.

"Mom, Dad," Billy shouted from the foot of the stairs.

"Fuck!" Abe whispered.

Alice glared at him, her breath coming in short bursts. "Get... rid... of... him!"

It was too late. They heard his footsteps as he bounded up the stairs taking them three at a time. She rolled off his cock and snatched the sheet over her just as the door burst open.

"Come on Dad," Billy shouted, "we're supposed to leave by nine."

He was the youngest of their three children, and the last to leave the nest. In fact, today was the big day, one that they thought might never come. Billy majored in surfing, with a minor in girls, which resulted in him taking five years to get his high school diploma. Unlike his siblings who had colleges competing for them, Billy's indifferent search came up empty. When he made noise that he would stay home to attend the local community college, they jumped into action. One of his many ex-girlfriends studied at a community college in Crescent City, eight hours north, and with sufficient incentives they convinced him that he should follow her up there. Billy realized what they were up to and took advantage of the situation; his price was an apartment, a car and a monthly stipend. It was well worth every penny to Abe and Alice.

Abe glance at the clock; it was 8:45 a.m.

Alice said, brusquely, "Okay, okay... give your dad a few minutes to get ready." She stared him down, fending off any further conversation. "And close the door behind you."

Billy eyed the two of them and realized they were both breathing a little too hard. He'd had just enough experience with girls to figure out what they had been up to. "All right Mom, I'm going."

Alice watched him back out of the room, kicked off the sheet and then scooted back up on top her husband. Frustrated to find Abe's cock had softened, she failed to notice that Billy left the door cracked, just an inch or two. "Fuck Abe, what the hell?"

Abe saw the look of disappoint in her eyes and shrugged, as if to say it wasn't his fault.

She wasn't amused. She flipped around and took his glistening limp cock into her mouth. Surprised that he wasn't reciprocating, she edged back until she felt her wet pussy against his chin, and then sucked him even harder.

Abe pushed open her crack and made a feeble attempt to lick her dripping pink gash, but the mood had been ruined and all he could think about was driving Billy up to Crescent City.

Alice persevered, even though Abe was not cooperating. She inched forward just a bit, knowing that her husband couldn't resist a peek at her tight little asshole.

Abe felt his cock stiffen in his wife's mouth as he stared up at the kinky red curls surrounding the neat pucker of her asshole. He raised his head and gave it a quick flick with his tongue.

Good boy! She glanced back at him. "Do it again."

He did, rimming her tight hole with the tip of his tongue.

Downstairs, Billy brewed two cups of coffee in the Keurig. He was sure that he had interrupted them fucking and wondered if they would try it a second time. The lustful urge to get a peek clouded his judgement.

Alice flipped around and slipped onto his rock hard cock, and fucked him furiously, reaching deep for her elusive orgasm. She smothered his mouth and savored the musky taste of her own pussy. She whispered into his ear. "Giddy-up."

Billy peered through the crack in the door. The image of his mom riding his dad's cock sent his imagination reeling. Her luscious ass bounced open with each thrust of his dad's big cock, revealing the tiny rosebud of her glistening asshole. He balanced the tray on one hand and reached for his cock.

"Oh yeah babe," Alice cooed, "I'm so close... gimme a little boost."

Billy watched his dad's middle finger disappear into his mom's tight asshole. He squeezed his stiffening cock and focused at his mom's quivering ass.

The telltale signs of Abe's grunts spurred her to pound him even harder. No way was he getting off without her.

While trying to unzip his pants, Billy forgot about the tray, which bumped against the edge of the door with a clatter. He panicked and took one step back from the door, somehow managing to keep the coffee from spilling.

Alice whipped her head around to see what the noise was. The door was cracked, but no one was there.

Abe, sensing trouble, pushed her off of his cock and snatched the sheet back over them.

"Fuck," Alice whispered, "not again."

A knock at the door confirmed Alice's worst fears.

"Coffee?" Billy waited for a reaction.

"T-h-anks," Abe stammered, trying his best to hide his heavy breathing. His finger was still buried deep in his wife's snug asshole.

"Thought you might need this to get going. Hope I didn't interrupt anything," Billy said, entering the room.

Alice couldn't bring herself to tell Billy what she really thought about his presence. "Don't worry about it Billy. I shouldn't have... distracted your Dad. I know you two want to get going." She suspected he had been watching, but if so, he did a damn good job of hiding it.

"Do you want me to give you some more time?"

Alice started to answer, but Abe cut her off. "No problem Billy, it's time for you and I get this show on the road."

Billy set the coffee on the dresser and backed out of the room. "Thanks Dad, I guess I'm just a little excited."

Alice glared at her husband. "Really?" She wiggled her ass, reminding him that he still had a finger in her.

"Come on honey," he said, "I'll be back tomorrow night and we'll pick this up then." He withdrew his finger and gave her a playful slap on her ass.

Alice gave him an evil smirk. "Well... I suppose I could just order a pizza."

Abe glared at her in disbelief. Years ago, when they were first dating, Abe got too drunk to satisfy Alice. In a fit of peak, she got even by ordering a pizza, and then fucking the delivery guy while Abe lay passed out beside them. "You wouldn't!"

"Then you better take me with you to be sure."

"Honey," Abe pleaded, "We already took the seats out of the van to hold Billy's stuff, so there's no room for you."

She smiled, "That's okay, I've got a hankering for pepperoni."

Abe let out a big breath, defeated. "Alright, you can come, but you won't like it."

"Who's driving," Alice asked, savoring the victory.

Billy always managed to have a girlfriend with wheels, so he never had any incentive to get his drivers license. The prospect of getting his own car sent him scurrying to the DMV to remedy that. However, he put his usual effort into studying and only managed to come away with a learners permit.

"Billy is, since I'll be in the car."

A devilish grin crossed Alice's face. "Great, I can ride in your lap... and we can finish this on the way."

Abe shook his head in disbelief. "We'll never get away with that."

She grabbed his limp dick and squeezed it a little too firmly.

"Ouch," he said. "You're really serious?"

"Try to imagine what I could be doing in your lap for the next eight hours."

Abe laughed at her audacity. "What about Billy?"

She shrugged her shoulders. "He's already figured out what we've been up to this morning. I'll bet he got an eyeful before he brought the coffee in."

"No," Abe said, without conviction, "he wouldn't do that."

A wide grin spread across her face. "Apparently you don't know your son very well."

*****

"Mom's really coming?" Billy asked. "Why'd she change her mind... and where is she going to sit?"

"Easy on the questions," Abe said, "Mom is not someone to be trifled with. I tried to talk her out of it-;"

Billy cut him off. "Is it because I interrupted..."

Abe shrugged his shoulders before Billy could finish that thought. "Who knows."

"Why does she want her surfboard?"

"She wants to make this a weekend getaway... you know, to celebrate you leaving home."

"Thanks," Billy said, sarcastically.

Billy already had his two boards strapped to the roof rack and adding two more boards was not a problem. Finding a place for his mom's hastily packed duffel and two more wetsuits took a little more effort.

Alice locked the house and approached the car. "Hey guys, ready for a little adventure?"

A gust of wind caught the hem of her sundress and lifted it as she walked around the front of the car. Fortunately, Billy was concentrating on starting the car or he might have seen what Abe saw: a tiny black thong barely covering the crack her ample ass. She pushed the dress back down and climbed in the passenger door and did her best to get comfortable on her husbands lap.

Abe brushed his hand against her back, confirming his suspicion that she wasn't wearing a bra. "Ready when you are Billy."

Billy backed the minivan out of the driveway and pointed it north, towards Hwy 17. "You guys sure you're comfortable?"

Abe reclined the passenger seat and moved it back as far as it would go. Billy's mattress took up the full length of the van and was wedged between the front seats. Abe had to stretch his neck to see his son over the top of the mattress.

"I wish your dad had a little more meat on his bones," Alice said, wiggling herself into a comfortable position.

Billy smiled, wondering how long it would take his parents to take up where they left off this morning. He started to speak, but then thought better of it.

Abe gave her thigh a playful slap. "Have you gained weight?"

"Cute," Alice said, bouncing herself up and down in his lap.

"Okay, okay," Abe pleaded, "it was a joke." The truth was, at just 5'4" she was a real featherweight.

Abe shouted over the noise of the car, "This will work Billy, let's just stop and stretch our legs every few hours and we'll be just fine."

Billy couldn't resist giving them a little nudge. "Okay, and I'm really sorry... you know... about interrupting you guys this morning."

Alice chuckled, "You and me both, Billy, you and me both." She pulled the seat belt across her torso and snapped it in, pressing herself even tighter into her husband's lap.

Billy blushed.

Although she couldn't see him, she could tell Billy was flustered. "How about a stick of gum?"

"What kind?" Billy asked, "Hope it's Juicy Fruit."

"I'll check," she said, fishing for the pack of gum in her purse. She knew full well what kind of gum she had, but was suspicious about what prompted Billy to ask for it, and why he put the emphasis on the word Juicy.

Abe stretched out and wrapped his arms around her, wondering how long it would take for Alice to make her move. He didn't have to wait long. Halfway up the mountain, Alice unsnapped the seat belt and scooted forward to pull her dress out from under her ass.

Abe grinned and wasted no time in pulling her back into his lap. He nuzzled his face into her thick auburn curls and inhaled her scent. His cock stiffened ever so slightly. He whispered in her ear, "How do you plan on pulling this off?"

She turned her head and whispered, "Pull your cock out." She scooted forward just enough to give him room to comply with her command.

"I'm talking about Billy," Abe whispered, as he fumbled with his cock.

Alice stuck her head up and caught Billy's eye. "Hey, this heavy metal is starting to get to me; can you tune in to a soft rock station?"

"C'mon Mom," Billy replied, "it's AC/DC... you can dig that... right?"

"Not for eight hours. You can listen on your headphones, and give us something a little more relaxing to listen too."

Billy shrugged his shoulders and did as she asked. The soft sounds of The Carpenters "We've Only Just Begun" wafted from the car speakers while Billy bobbed his head to the heavy beat of AC/DC playing through his headphones.

"Thanks hon," Alice said in a soft voice.

Billy didn't respond.

"I appreciate that," she said, a little louder.

Still no response.

Alice flipped over on Abe and kissed him deeply. He responded by thumbing her hard nipples through the thin fabric of her sundress. Alice pulled away and said, "He can't hear us... I think we're good to go."

"Nice job," Abe said, nudging her away from him and down to the floor. His hard cock stood at attention, just inches from her face.

Billy saw his mom's head drop out of sight and reached up to adjust the rearview mirror so he could see the passenger side of the car. The mattress cut off much of his view, but he could make out his mom kneeling on the floor, leaning over his dad's legs. "Fuck," he thought, she's getting ready to blow him and I won't be able to watch. He kept one hand on the wheel and reached for his cock with the other.

Alice devoured her husbands hard cock, and slurped loudly, confident that she couldn't be heard.

Billy pause his music; at least he would be able to hear them.

Slurp, slurp, slurp.

"Honey," Abe whispered, "you're going too fast."

That's right mom, turn around and fuck him.

Alice lifted her head and gave his cock a gentle squeeze. "Sorry babe, I guess I got a little carried away.

In the mirror, Billy watched his mom contort her body to get out of her black thong.

Alice scooted forward and rubbed her husband's hard cock with the wet lips of her pussy.

"Mmmm," Abe said, reaching under her dress and squeezing her ass.

Billy leaned forward, trying to keep his mom's ass in view. Come on dad, lift her dress and fuck her.

Alice reached down between her legs and guided her husbands hard cock into her very wet cunt. She nuzzled her face into his neck and whispered, "Do it... just like this morning."

Billy licked his lips as he watched his dad pull her dress up and slip a finger into her tight little asshole.

"Mmmm," Alice said, barely audible, "just like that... nice and slow... get me off."

Abe complied, using his finger in her ass to pull her up his shaft, and then using his free hand on her hip to push her back down.

"Oh fuck babe," Alice whispered, struggling to keep her voice low, "you're gonna get me off." She figured ten more strokes would be enough to get off, and started counting down. "Ten... nine...eight."

Abe smiled, eager to see if she got the count right.

"Seven... six... five." She sucked in a deep breath and bit down on her lip. Her loins were on fire, ready to erupt.

Abe grimaced. He was ready to blow. "Hurry," he pleaded.

Billy strained to hear as his mom counted down. His eyes went wide when he saw his dad push a second finger even deeper into her ass.

"Four... three."

"I can't hold out," Abe said through gritted teeth.

Out of the corner of his eye, Billy caught the flash of a red lights ahead and tapped the brakes, way too hard.

The front end of the car dipped, throwing Alice off Abe's cock and bouncing her ass off the dash.

"N-o-o-o-o," Alice screamed, feeling her orgasm escape into oblivion as she dropped to her knees on the floorboard.

Abe was past the point of no return and aimed his cock at the startled face of his wife. "I'm gonna..."

Alice barely got her mouth open enough to catch the thick rope of cum erupting from the head of her husband's throbbing cock. Caught off guard, she gagged when it splattered against the back of her throat.

Billy freaked out, afraid his mom was hurt. "Is mom... choking?

Alice regained her composure and leaned forward to get her mouth around the head of Abe's squirting cock, gulping down cum as fast as she could pump it out.

Dumfounded, Abe looked forward into a sea of red brake lights as traffic ground to a halt. Up ahead, all lanes were closed and cars were being funneled into the narrow right shoulder. He stammered, "I-I t-think she's ok, she must have swallowed... her gum."

Alice grinned at he husband's ingenuity. She brought her hand to her lips and blew him a cum-bubbly kiss. "I'm fine Billy, just a little shaken up."

"There's cops ahead," Billy said, "maybe it's an accident." He pulled off his headphones.

"Are you okay son?" Abe asked.

"Yeah," Billy replied, "like Mom, just a little shaken up. Everybody good?"

"Jeez Billy," Alice chimed in, "you knocked me clean off your dad's... lap... into the dashboard. I've probably got Toyota imprinted on my ass."

Billy chuckled.

Alice clawed her way back onto Abe's lap. "I'm glad you find it amusing," Alice teased, "and why's the rearview mirror all cockeyed?"

"You must have bumped it when I hit the brakes," Billy suggested.

Abe said, "Why don't I drive for a while... it'll give Billy a chance to settle his nerves.

Alice turned in his lap and glared at him. By her count, this was the third time she had an orgasm interrupted, and now she was hornier than ever.
