 One lazy weekend afternoon Dan was relaxing at home. He was home alone as his mom was out at a massage. Dan was 21 and was studying towards an engineering degree. He was extremely tall at 6 foot 3, well built and well liked by his peers, family and friends. He had a part time job assisting with construction, but it was his day off and was flicking through the channels on TV.

Although well liked, Dan had a secret. A secret he couldn't tell anyone, especially his mom. He lived alone with his mom Jenifer since his parents got divorced and his dad moved to another country with his new wife and started a family there. He wasn't close to his dad, more so to his mom. His secret was that he had a crush on her.

Perhaps it was her incredible beauty with her dark, long hair that was always straight and neat. Maybe it was her gorgeous face which didn't need make-up, her slim and well-toned body she kept in shape at the gym. Or was it her thick hips and beautifully round bubble butt that she squeezed into a tight pair of yoga pants or was it her massively, marvelous tits. At 43 years old she looked like someone in their mid-30's. The truth is, it was all the above. To call her tits big, busty or huge was an understatement. Her tits were bigger than gigantic and all natural. They looked cartoonish on such a small petite body. These tits were the reason for many wet dreams and fantasies.

He heard the door slam shut. It was his mom.

"Dammit!", she shouted. "Stupid dumb..."

"Mom, what's wrong?" asked Jeff.

"The stupid spa messed up my booking and I couldn't have my massage! Ahhh...I'm furious, I really needed it, my lower back is in agony!"

"Sorry to hear mom, that sucks!" said Jeff. Then an idea spawned in his head.

"Hey mom...why don't I give you a massage?"

"Don't be silly darling," his mom said. She was starting to calm down. "I have very specific lower back pain from my...um, well I just have a lot of pain there and need a certain spot to be worked on." 

"I can do it mom, I have big hands and am very strong, as you keep telling me. Let me help you, I can't see you in pain."

Jen thought for a while, she was in a lot of pain and her next appointment would only be on Wednesday. She eventually conceded. "Ok darling, let's try and see how good you are."

"OK great, why don't you go lie down on your bed and I'll be up soon."

"Sounds good, just knock on the door when you're ready. Like a real massage therapist would!" She giggled a bit.

Dan, trying to show his excitement and as normally as he could went up the stairs after his mom. He was going to see his mom partially naked and the thought made him horny as hell. He had to do a good job too as perhaps there would be more chances at another massage.

He took his phone and found some relaxing music, then he went to his moms bedroom and knocked on the door.

"Come in darling." Said his mom. 

Dan opened the door and was disappointed seeing his mom lying on the bed fully clothed. He would have to think of a plan to get her top off. Pretending not to show his disappointment, he placed his phone next to the bedside table while playing the relaxing music. He positioned himself at the base of the high bed and was ready to begin the massage.

"Mom, can you show me where you would like me to focus on to try get rid of your pain?" 

"Here, around this area," she said as she pointed to her very lower back, almost touching her bum.

"Ok, lets being." Jeff said quietly.

The soft gentle music played and relaxed Jenifer into a good state and calming mood. Dan placed his hands on his mom's small back and began to rub. The excitement of touching his mom's delicate back even through clothes felt amazing. He was just inches from her huge, perfect butt. It stuck out far above her petite body. It looked superb in her tight yoga pants.

He rubbed his palms onto his mom's lower back feeling the firmness of her skin. He needed to get that top off. He devised a plan.

"Mom, your blouse material is scratching my hands. Do you think you could take off your blouse?" he boldly asked. His heart was thumping now waiting for a response.

"Dan, I don't think that would be appropriate to see your mom without a top on. I tell you what, why don't you just lift the blouse slightly up exposing JUST my lower back, OK?"

His plan while not going exactly right still had it's benefits. Dan lifted her blouse slightly and folded it about halfway up her back before her bra strap. Best not to push it too much he thought.

He placed his warm hands on his moms bare back and began to need and stroke her lower back. 

"Mom, don't you think it would feel better with some massage oil?"

"Um...I see you are taking this very seriously mister!" his mom playfully said.

"Yes I guess you can use some, I think there is some next to my bed."

Dan got up and searched around her drawer looking for the oil. He moved some old magazines and to his amazement discovered a massive dildo hidden under some papers. 

"Did you find it darling?" his mom asked.

Dan hurriedly put the papers back and grabbed the massage oil.

"Yeah...um...got it right here," he stuttered. His heart beating so hard it sounded like a kick drum.

He poured the oil on her back and rubbed his hands together to create warmth and with his cock at half mast began to rub the slippery oil down his moms back from the top of her lower back down to her thick hips he stroked and massaged the oil into her skin.

"Mmmmmmm that feels really good...Ahhh right there is where it's sore, yes where your right hand is. You're bringing me much needed relief."

Dan continued massaging in circles where it was hurting. With each downward stroke he would almost touch the tips of her firm bum. Dan was getting harder by the second and thought of the next step to press his luck. He continued massaging.

"Mom, do you know what referred pain is?"

"No idea darling, why do you ask?"

"It's when a part of your body is in pain but the pain stems from another part of your body. Do you remember when I had that shoulder pain, the doctor said it came from my elbow and so with some treatment to my elbow, eventually all the pain went away."

"So you think my lower back pain comes from somewhere else on my body?"

"I...yes...I think so." stuttered Dan. 

"Perhaps it's best you take off your blouse so I can massage your whole back?"

Jenifer knew the pain came from her gigantic boobs, there is no way it came from anywhere else. She was in a predicament. She was enjoying the massage and it would be amazing if her son would massage her whole back but was reserved about the idea of showing more skin and especially her bra to her son.

"Darling, I don't think it's appropriate if I take off my bra, besides I think the pain is just from my lower back."

Disappointed he didn't push it further. "OK mom." He sighed audibly letting his mom know his disappointment. He rubbed some more oil down her lower back and across those gorgeous thick hips. She wondered why her son was so eager to rub her whole back. She thought to herself that he just wanted to fix her pain, that there was nothing untoward about doing so.

"OK Dan, you win. Let me take off my blouse but I'm leaving my bra on, OK? Don't get any ideas!" she playfully laughed.

Dan's cock was now throbbing with anticipation of his giant breasted mother removing her blouse. 

"Turn around darling, I definitely don't want you to see my breasts, not even in a bra."

Just hearing his mom talk about her boobs made Dan even more rock hard than before.

"OK, I'll turn around," said Dan. As he did his mom took off her blouse and lay on the bed.

"I'm done, you can turn back now", his mom chuckled.

Dan was not ready for the sight before his eyes. Her beautifully sloped and curved back was now covered by a dark blue bra with 5 clasps. FIVE! Jeesus what is she holding in there, he thought.

Added to this was the fact that her giant udders were squashed on the bed and pressed out massive amounts of breast flesh from the sides of her tiny body. They were covered by this beautiful bra that encased the most gorgeous and huge breasts anyone could desire.

"Well come on then mister, I'm waiting for my massage," his mom teased. 

Jeff distracted from the from the immensely sexy sight in front of him, continued the massage across her entire back. Stroking his palms in a rhythm and using his fingers to press into the sore areas to bring relief to his mom.

"You were right Dan, this feels much better," his mom sighed.

Jeff was lost staring at the 5 straining clasps of her bra. How he wanted to just take it off and do unmentionable things to her tits.

Dan took his hands from the top of her shoulders and rubbed them gently down his moms back to the bottom of her lower back. Each time he went lower and lower. He had to get a feel of her massive bum. It stuck out far from her body with round globes just waiting to be groped.

Eventually his fingers touched the tips of her bubble butt and this made Jenifer tense up a bit. At least he was massaging in the right area and trying to remove the pain.

This was so exciting for poor Dan who often had to adjust his big cock in his boxers. Her bum feels amazing he thought, jeez this would be incredible if she took her pants off, but she would never do that. He let his fingers stay longer over her rump to enjoy the feeling more.

"Mmmmmmm that feels great Danny," his mom sighed again and moaned. She didn't seem to mind the tips of his fingers massaging the tips of her bum. Dan felt a bit braver now.

"Mom, if you don't mind me saying, that's a beautiful bra you have. I like the colour." 

"Um...Thanks Danny," his mom said cautiously.

Dan continued. "I didn't know bras had 5 clasps on them. I thought there is usually 2 or 3."

"Well yes you are right, but these are different..."

"How do you mean mom," Dan pushed on.

"I mean they are not brought from a shop, they are imported from overseas. Shops here don't carry my si...I mean they don't keep stock of this type of bra."

Dan continued massaging his mom softer now as he lost focus to this exciting conversation. His mom thought it was weird he was asking about her bra but didn't really mind.

"What makes this bra so special mom?" Dan asked.

"It gives...um...Dan, it gives more support...because I need it," she said.

"Oh I see. I had a fling with a girl that needed more support if you know what I mean?"

Dan's cock continued throbbing and remained erect as he continued the dirty talk. He was hoping the leading questions would bring his mom to enquire more.

"Um...hahahah," Jenifer laughed.

"So you mean she had big boobs?" She asked.

"They were quite a bit bigger than big, mom to be honest." Dan was feeling bolder now and his heart raced with the excitement of what his mom would say next.

"Haha, well done, good for you then hey? I'm glad you're getting some action darling." His mom was a little turned on by this conversation and the relaxing music and massage made it easier to talk to her son. She was glad he was being frank with her.

"So I take it you're not a virgin, then right?"

"No mom, of course not," he said truthfully. "I just am with some things, like I haven't done it all."

"What do you mean by all?" his mom asked.

"Well we've done most things but a few girls don't have the assets needed for what I like." Dan boldly claimed. His mom wasn't stupid, she knew he was talking about boobs.

"Do you mean their boobs weren't big enough?" Jen was feeling a bit hot and getting horny at this frank talk. "Why do you need big boobs in a woman?"

"Um...well this is kind of embarrassing mom, but I like to...um...I like and find pleasure from titfucking. Finally, he had said it. A huge weight lifted off his shoulders.

"Oh my...well...um." Jen blushed a deep red. "I need...a moment to take that in!"

"Sorry mom! I didn't mean to shock you." replied her son. 

"No, it's...it's fine, it's just hard to imagine you...doing that. I still think of you as my little boy. And then she let it slip. "It was your fathers favourite thing to do." She immediately regretted saying that. A part of her also felt relieved for saying it though.

"Wow it must run in the family. If you don't mind me saying, he was a lucky man."

"Danny! You can't say that, that's not right. I'm your mom." She couldn't help but feel conflicted. On one hand she was horny as hell from this frank talk, on the other, she knew it was wrong, but she was in too deep now.

"I'm sorry mom, I just... you're...you're so beautiful and slim and this gigantic bra just made me have bad thoughts. It won't happen again." Jen felt flattered and even more conflicted now. Her pussy was hot and wet.

"Now...wait Danny, let me explain, you're not in trouble. I shouldn't have blurted out your father liked...um...titfucking." There was that sexy word again. "I just think it's not appropriate we discuss these things. A boy should not get horny after his mom, no matter what she looks like."

"I understand mom. I think...I better go now. I need to...um...I need to jack...I mean go to my room."

He ran from the room. Not something either of them wanted. Jen needed to talk to her son. She got dressed and knocked on his door of his bedroom. No answer. She knocked harder this time, still no answer. Finally, she opened the door. She was not ready for the sight before her.

Lying completely naked on the bed with headphones jerking off was her son. Enormous cock beating angrily and his fist flying up and down the thick shaft. That cock must be at least 10 inches... Jesus, Jen thought. She couldn't stop staring at what felt like minutes.

"Mom...Fuck, what are you doing here?"

His mom turned around, shocked and covered her face.

"I just...I'm so sorry, I just came to talk to you."

Dan stopped jerking off. "Mom can you please leave?" Dan begged.

"No, I must talk to you now and clear the air, can you cover up?"

Dan shocked and horny didn't know what else to do. He covered his cock with a nearby towel as the giant dick poked in the air obscenely.

"Um...OK mom...what is it?"

Jen turned around and saw the huge fuckstick tenting the towel. She tried to focus.

"Well the thing is...um...you see," she stuttered while staring at the cock.

"Mom, is my penis distracting you? You know you did this to me?"

"Yes...it is!" She licked her lips. I have never seen one that big and it's thicker than my wrist.

Jeff felt proud and bold. A wicked smile crept across his face. He took off the towel.

"You mean my 11-inch cock excited you mom? Why don't you finish me off? I know you want to."

She didn't know what got into her, but she moved her hand forward and gently grabbed his shaft. It was so slick with lube and it pulsed in her hand.

"Ahhhhh, that's great mom!" Dan sighed. The sexually depraved mother slid her soft, velvety hands up towards the sensitive head and down, ever so slowly to get a feel of the veiny throbbing cock. Meanwhile the porn continued to play. Dan laid back and let his mom stroke his cock.

"Mom...that's sooo good...keep going."

Jen was speechless as she expertly guided her hands up and down her sons' cock. She now used both hands, and this brought extra pleasure to her son. "Jesus mom, I'm going to come if you keep this up!" Dan moaned and his eyes rolled back as he was getting closer to orgasm.

None of them were watching the porn, instead at this incredible sight before their eyes.

"Mom, please I need to see your tits, please, they are so huge, so enormous, I need them, please!" he begged.

Jen was overcome with horniness. A beautiful kind smile appeared on her face. She finally spoke. "You want to see mommy's titties? Your big hard cock wants to cum hard doesn't it? I can see you're close!" And with that, she shrugged off her blouse displaying over a foot of cleavage, the likes of which most men had never seen. Her giant tits projected far from her body, held up with a bra which in fact wasn't needed.

"Oh god mommy, those are the most beautiful tits, I've ever seen," moaned Dan. "How big are they?"

"You like big tits honey? These are bigger than big, bigger than your head!" Both hands were gripping tighter and faster up and down the length of her sons well lubed up dick. Dan tilted his head back and moaned. He lifted it up again to get a better look at his moms' breasts.

"These giant tits are all yours. You see that my bra can barely contain them, I'm probably too big for this bra already darling. I'm 36M and all natural! Does that excite you? Does it make you want to come for mommy now?"

"I'm so close mom!" he screamed. "Keep going...ahhhhhh......fuuuuuuck." Jen's soft hands corkscrewed up the cock. She now took 1 hand and massaged his balls gently trying to coax more cum out of him. Her other hand glided up the cock fast and hard and then furiously started jacking him off as Dan lifted his hips off the bed in ecstasy and started cumming.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhh......FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCKING......SHIT!!!!!" he shouted while spewing copious amounts of hot, thick cum into the air high above him and his moms body.

"That's it, cum for me darling! Let it all out! Wow what a lot of cum!" she said as the 10th jet of spunk flew above her head. Meanwhile Dan was writhing in pleasure having his cock beat off by his beautiful and often fantasized mom.

Finally his cock stopped spewing cum and his mom released the grip. Jen felt good and so horny after jacking her son off. She decided that it wasn't bad for a mom and son to do these things as long as they both wanted it.

"What a mess darling! You must have had a lot of cum stored up for weeks to produce that amount."

"Actually no mom, this is a standard wank for me, although you doing it with your giant melons made it even better."

"I'm glad sweety. It looks like your cock is not going soft honey. Do you need mommy to take care of it for you?"

"Please mom. I really need release. I was thinking you could give me a..."

"Titfuck?" Dan nodded his head eager to enjoy his next treatment.

"But mom, I want you to do it with your bra on."

Without a word Jen lifted her enormous tits up in the bra and slowly positioned them above the veiny throbbing 11 inches of her son's cock. Dan lay on the bed and Jen positioned herself on her knees between his legs. She smiled and teased him as she brought her massive 36M melons squeezed tightly in her bra down on her boys' cock. The tight cleavage touched the tip of his cock. Dan was shaking with horniness.

She rested her tits with just the tip swallowed in her immense tight cleavage. "Mom...don't tease me...please!" Dan begged.

She slowly dropped her tits further now sucking in the thick throbbing cock head. For the first time he felt the warm cleavage envelope his cock and the pleasure was too much for him. "Ahhhhhhh, mom...it's....it's incredible!" he shouted.

His mom feeling pleased continued lowering her bra clad tits around her boys cock. Inch by inch it was swallowed into the tight and plentiful cleavage of his mom. The sensations around his cock was not like anything he had ever felt. As every inch was eventually smothered in warm, soft tit meat, Jen rested her tits on her son's lap, teasing him even more. Her boy writhed in pleasure as he felt his cock sink further into his mom's cleavage.

She now pushed her tits together creating a hot vacuum of breast meat for her son's cock to be pleasured in. Jen lifted her tits up slowly and, on the way up gently massaged her sons cock by jiggling her tits up the sensitive shaft. She got to the top of his cock and pulled her tits off his dick.

"Please mom", he wailed. "PLEAAAAAAAAAASE!!!"

She dropped her tits around his cock now and started going faster. His well lubed up cock was being massaged everywhere. The giant breasts shook, wobbled and jiggled around his immense cock. Pleasure tears were streaming down his face as his mom continued fucking his prick with her breasts. Up and down the tits went around his cock. They clapped together in her bra as she brought her tits down onto his lap during the incredible titfuck. Dan was seeing stars as his mom continued to crush his cock with her 36M tits. 
