 This was the fourth time she had ever gotten a Brazilian wax in downtown Beverly Hills. She was going to travel overseas soon and a clean wax was essential.

She enjoyed the moment of silence in the lobby. After a month of what felt like nonstop clients, silence was a relief. This was an expensive place, but she was always willing to pay top dollar for beauty regimens. 

The employee today was a young Asian woman, probably a college student who worked here part-time. 

"Jennifer?" the employee called out.

"That's me."

They went to their private room where she was told to remove her bottom and position herself on the table. She knew the drill. 

Her phone beeped and she answered it.

She spoke to one of her clients from the previous week. "Yes... yes.... Thank you so much Mrs. Jenson.... It was truly a pleasure... I appreciate that so much.... It was a beautiful wedding... All my love... I will... Take care, bye."

The phone call warmed her heart. It was what she lived for. She removed her heels, pants, and panties, laying bottomless on the table. She spread herself for the employee. There was no shame. Years of running had rewarded her with toned and sculpted legs.

Looking up, she noticed that the employee was fixated on her vagina while preparing the wax. It was a deep gaze. She knew what the employee was looking at. She could practically feel the employee's eyes scanning her clitoris, thin brown labia, and her pinkness in the middle. With her legs spread this wide, she knew that her hole was open too.

"You're very pretty," the employee said politely. "Down there, I mean."

She smiled, "Thank you. I get that lot."

It had become a source of pride for her. And really, she had heard these same compliments repeatedly from all her past sexual partners. She had even seen the gazes from doctors too, both male and female.

What she had been told all her adult life was something very simple, something that she had come to accept, and appreciate.

She had a perfect pussy.

It was power.

***

There were only two reasons why Jennifer subjected herself and her son to the frigid cold of a Norway winter.

The first reason was that Norway is where her family came from. She wanted to truly explore her roots. And she wanted to share the same experience with her 18 year old son. It would be a bonding moment they'd always cherish together, hopefully.

The second reason was much simpler. She was so burnt out from her job as a high-profile event coordinator that she desperately needed the break.

So for the first time in many, many years, she had decided to forgo her usual meticulous planning in favor of just living day-by-day. It would be a real adventure for her and Robbie. 

All Jennifer had was a small list of places and a stack of cash. She had combed through photo albums and old contact information, hoping to trace their family roots as far back as possible.

This led her and Robbie to a tiny little town in the northern part of Norway. Not much could be found about this place online, other than the population was less than 5,000. It was very remote, very old fashion, and freezing cold during that time of year. If she had seen this place in a movie, she would have figured it was the 1950's the way people were living. 

There was nothing reminiscent of modern living. No technology. No wifi. Nothing. Only a few running engines which powered the lights and water heaters.

Their hotel wasn't much of a hotel either. It looked more like a series of shacks which were rented out to whoever was interested in ice fishing. It meant they'd be sleeping only a few feet away from each other. 

There was also a shower and sauna in the same bathroom, which thankfully had an abundance of hot water.

"I'm glad we're here," Jennifer said, shivering in their little room after they had arrived.

"It's freezing."

"I know. The only heater is in the washroom."

"There's a train headed back to Oslo tomorrow," Robbie pointed out. "It could be our secret."

"Oh?"

"Yeah, we can take pictures tomorrow morning and tell everyone back home that we stayed the entire week. No one will ever know that we left."

Jennifer smiled, her lips nearly trembling. "Well, too bad. We're staying. We've already come this far."

"It was just a suggestion. Oslo is nice."

"Here is nice too. It's where our family lived for many generations."

"Mom, we live in America now."

"Now you're learning something new," she said. "Hopefully we'll learn plenty of new things here."

***

With their big jackets on, they explored the outdoors the next morning. After a rest, they explored the small town in the afternoon. They were planning on eating dinner at a nice restaurant but a sudden snowstorm made that nearly impossible. 

Since it was expected to snow all night, they decided to just stay in their small shack (or whatever it was supposed to be). They shivered in their big coats while sitting on their beds, facing each other.

"It's like the arctic winds out there," he joked while shaking.

"It's not that bad."

"Outside is the opposite of hell."

"Very funny," she said dryly.

"Should we just cover ourselves with a blanket? We could, you know, sleep with all our clothes on."

Jennifer thought for a moment. "The owner did tell me of a technique to keep warm."

"What is it?"

"The locals just stay in the sauna."

He nodded. "That's a great idea. Do you know how to use it?"

"Not really," she replied. "I didn't ask. But the shower is piping hot though."

"It's pretty late for a shower." 

"I know, but it would feel so nice."

"Now you're talking," he smiled. "Should we huddle around the hot shower water like we're wild animals?"

"Animals need heat too."

***

They went inside the bathroom and closed the door. They had removed their coats and they were still dressed in their sweaters and pants, while barefoot. The bathroom was old fashioned and tightly sealed. It was designed to keep the heat in.

Jennifer switched on the shower to the highest temperature for heat. The water pointed down to the drain and steam was quickly filling the room. They sat on the bench used for the sauna and just enjoyed the warmth.

"This feels nice," Jennifer said, feeling perked up.

"Amazing."

They both closed their eyes and rested their heads on the wooden board behind them. As much as they loved the sightseeing they had done and the history they had learned, this was the most pleasure they had gotten all day.

Steam kept filling the room. They were still cold in their bones and the steam was making great progress in warming them up. Their clothes were quickly absorbing the moisture from the piping hot water.

"What should we do about this?" Robbie asked, gesturing to the wetness on his sweater. "Pretty soon we'll be drenched."

"You're right. Our clothes won't dry in our bedroom either since it's so cold in there. I don't want our clothes to smell like mold."

"Should we stop then?"

"I can live with the heat we've gotten so far," she replied. "How about you?"

"I'm still freezing."

"Hmmm.... I don't want you to catch a cold or anything. We still have a few days ahead of us."

"How do the locals survive this?"

"First of all, the locals have the luxury of living in houses with heaters and fireplaces. Secondly, hot water is how a lot of people keep warm. Unless..."

"Unless what?"

Jennifer shrugged. "We can always leave our clothes in the other room and enjoy the steam here."

"That's really European."

"It is. Sauna nudity is much different in Europe. It's really nothing to be ashamed of over here. It's perfectly normal."

"Are you interested?" he asked. 

They looked at each other's clothes and hair and they were only getting wetter. Their clothes were quickly becoming damper. Their hair was sticking together from the wetness. And it was turning into a disaster.

"Are you?" she asked in return. 

"I think you already know," he replied.

Deep down, they both knew the answer. Neither of them wanted to leave the bathroom. It just felt so good. It gave them what they needed.

"I'll get down to my bra and panties. You get down to your underwear. Can you handle that? Or should we wrap towels around ourselves?"

"Towels sound like a good idea," he replied. "It'll keep us extra warm."

"Remember, laundry service won't be until tomorrow afternoon. If our towels become soaked, then we'll have a problem tomorrow."

"Then I guess we'll be seeing plenty of skin."

They went back to the bedroom and immediately felt the cold air. It made them appreciate the hot water so much more.

For Robbie, taking off his sweater and tshirt was easy. He was a swimmer and was always in his swimming trunks back home where they had a pool.

For Jennifer, obviously this was a dilemma. She took her time removing the sweater and was down to her white tshirt. Being scantily clad in front of her son would be odd. There was no way around that. So she sucked up her shame and pulled her tshirt away, leaving her in her thin white bra. 

All her lingerie and undergarments were thin and tiny. It was a product of the hot weather from where they lived. Plus, as an upscale event planner, she had to look stylish and sexy. It was part of her allure.

She had packed warm clothes for her trip, but never did she think that she'd need undergarments which would cover up more of her skin.

Her son glanced at her and she tried not to flinch. She tried to be normal about this, whatever being 'normal' meant, since she was in her bra in front of her son.

She was in good shape and her breasts were on the smaller side. A thought popped into her head. She wondered if her son preferred smaller breasts or the larger variety. Whatever the case, she was proud of what she had on her chest. She used to be insecure about them growing up, but now they were a source of pride. Her long nipples were part of her erogenous zone.

She stood barefoot on the floor and took off her sweatpants. 

As skimpy as her bra was, her panties were even smaller. It left little to the imagination and it perfectly outlined her crotch and showed all of her hips. Turned the other direction, and her bare ass was practically exposed. 

She noticed Robbie taking a second peek at her, this time at her smooth crotch.

Robbie pulled his sweatpants away and they were both down to the essentials.

"This wasn't what I had in mind for this trip," she said, mustering her false confidence. "But we've got to stay warm somehow."

"Back to the bathroom, or sauna room, or whatever it's called. I'm freezing."

***

This time, relaxing near the hot shower was so much better. Steam filled the room and wet their skin. Without their clothes, they didn't have to worry about that damp feeling. They got to relax and lean back against the wooden seats.

"Now this is a vacation," Jennifer said, trying to make light of things. "Different country, nice people, and now I feel warm."

"This is the best part of the day. How long should we stay in here?"

"Maybe another 15 minutes. It'll keep us warm for hours after we get out. That's how it usually works with saunas."

They relaxed silently for a few more minutes as the hot water in the shower ran. Their eyes were closed.

"Can we play on the ice tomorrow?" Robbie asked, looking at her.

She lifted an eyelid. "You're thinking of ice? Of all times, now?"

"I've never ice skated before."

It suddenly dawned on Jennifer that she hadn't skated since back in college. Doing it again was a nice thought.

"Sure, we'll be skate partners," she said.

His eyes peered at her chest. "Umm... mom?"

"What is it?"

Jennifer looked down at her chest where her son was staring. At first, all she noticed was all the water and sweat on her body, which made her skin glisten. Upon closer look, she noticed that her big nipples were now poking through her bra. 

The water from the steam had made the thin fabric of her bra transparent. Her skin and nipples had clung together with the material, making the shape perfectly visible. The color of her brown nipples were also very apparent. 

She reached up with her forearm and covered herself the best she could.

"I didn't expect that to happen," she lightly blushed. "My bra has never been this wet before."

"Oh, sorry."

"Why are you sorry?"

"I don't know," he replied, facing the wall as a courtesy. "Should we stop now?"

"You might be cold in the middle of the night. We need to raise our body heat before we go back to the bedroom."

"But your stuff will get wet."

"So will your underwear," she pointed out. 

"I guess we're stuck."

She thought fast and made a snap decision. "Close your eyes for a minute"

When Robbie closed his eyes, Jennifer reached back to unclasp her bra. It felt both unnerving and erotic, at the very same time, to have her breasts exposed while her son was sitting right next to her. 

She noticed his eyelids twitching, like he was so desperate for a little peek. She thought his curiosity towards her breasts was cute. Was it normal for sons to want to look at their mother's breasts at this young adult age? She wondered. 

"Keep your eyes closed," she reminded him.

Jennifer reached below and pulled her panties off. With her bra and panties in each hand, she got up and walked right passed her son, hoping he'd keep his eyes closed. Jennifer quickly opened the bathroom door and tossed her moist undergarments on her bed. 

The coldness of the bedroom had covered her body and made her nipples turn rock hard.

She went back inside the bathroom and happily shut the door to enjoy the heat. She stepped passed her son again. As she looked down at Robbie, with his eyes closed, she found it exhilarating that her bare pussy was so close to his face.

When she sat next to him, she crossed her legs and used her forearm to cover her breasts. She adjusted her position. She wanted to make extra sure she could handle this. When she felt ready, she gave him the signal.

"You can open your eyes now," she said, holding her breasts a little tighter and crossing her legs a little harder. 

Robbie was naturally shocked. "What are you doing?"

"What does it look like? Now, are you going to take off your underwear, or are you just going to let it soak?"

"Do you mind?"

"What do you think? I'm already naked."

"Can you close your eyes then?" he asked. 

She smiled. "No promises. Get on with it."

There was a pleasant expression on Jennifer's face as she closed her eyes and listened to the sound of Robbie pulling off his underwear, then getting up so he could toss it on his bed in the other room.

When she heard him coming back, she couldn't resist. She playfully lifted an eyelid with an exaggerated expression on her face.

"Mom!"

She had just seen his penis. It gave her all sorts of butterflies in her stomach.

"It was an accident," she teased. "I swear."

***

It was so relaxing that Jennifer nearly dozed off. Everything felt heavy and her arm started dropping. Her legs slowly uncrossed. Her guard was coming down. 

"Should we go now?" Robbie asked. "I'm really hot now."

Jennifer awoke. "Yes, turn off the water please."

Her natural instinct was to stretch after sitting in the same position for so long. She yawned, feeling ready to go to sleep in her bed.

She stretched her arms, not thinking that her breasts were now showing. And she lifted her feet to stretch her legs, not thinking that what's between her legs was fully exposed.

When the water was turned off, Jennifer noticed that her son was gawking at her, while he used his hand to cover his penis. He saw her brown nipples. His eyes had drifted down.

Jennifer looked down and noticed her spread legs. In her sleepy state, she had just given her son a view of her pussy. 

She instantly clasped her legs shut and covered both breasts with her hands.

"My mistake," she said, embarrassed. 

He blushed, "Sorry, I guess we're even now. So how should we get out of here? One at a time?"

"That wouldn't be fair. We should both leave together. I don't mind showing my butt."

"I'm sure it's a nice one," he teased.

They both got up and went to the door. Their hands covered their intimate areas while their asses showed. Jennifer went first, which meant that Robbie would have a full view of her ass. 

She tried not to be uptight about it. She had a nice ass. She just hoped her son wouldn't stare too lewdly at it. 

Once in the bedroom, they agreed to face different directions. Standing naked, they both faced the wall as they dried themselves with their towels, then got dressed.

"Ready for bed?" Jennifer asked while rubbing her hair with a towel.

"I'm exhausted."

"It's been a long day."

Jennifer knew there was a tension there. Her son had just seen her naked. She had seen him naked. And tomorrow, they'd likely have to do this again.

***

Ice skating turned out to be a fun adventure for them the next morning. Unlike the local Norwegians, they had to really adjust to the cold weather. It was even amusing to see men walking around shirtless, wearing only a towel around their waists after stepping out of the sauna together.

Just their luck, there was a crack in the ice and Robbie took a little dip in the icy pond. They were able to laugh about it as Robbie climbed out, with his lower half completely submerged for a few moments.

"I have a new appreciation for life," he joked, while sitting on the ice.

"I'll help you out of those skates. You should change your clothes, then we'll go have lunch."

"Can we use the shower first?" he asked, while his mother helped him remove the skates.

"You know, that's actually a pretty good idea. I had been thinking about it all morning."

He stood up. "Should we try and fire up the sauna in our bathroom?"

"Too much work. I don't want any accidents."

"Good point."

They put the skates away and put their shoes back on, with Robbie uncomfortably having to walk with wet feet. Their small rental place was only a short distance away. 

By the time they reached their little shack, Robbie was in bad shape. His legs became frigid and he trembled all around.

"Oh no," he gasped. "Now it's starting to hurt."

Jennifer reached down to touch his ankle. "Goodness, do you need a doctor?"

"No, no, it's not that bad. I just need some hot water."

"You'll need the shower then. I'll spray your legs with lukewarm water."

"Direct heat. Nice."

"Shall we undress again?" she asked. "I'm in desperate need of some attention also. From the hot water, I meant."

"Whatever gets us warm the fastest."

Under a circumstance like this, they both ignored the typical mother/son formalities when it came to undressing in front of each other. Society be damned. They were freezing. They started taking off their clothes. The more they undressed, the colder they got, which only made them get undressed faster.

Jennifer went down to her bra and panties. Like yesterday, it was a skimpy pair which didn't cover a whole lot. Robbie went down to his underwear.

"You first this time," she smiled, noting her son's slight ogling at her.

He hooked his fingers in his underwear. "Are you sure?"

"Oh, no," she gasped. "I meant you go inside the shower first."

"Sorry," he blushed.

Robbie led the way and Jennifer closed the bathroom door. The water was turned to a warm temperature. 

"Sit down on the bench," Jennifer said, holding the shower spray. "Take the weight off your legs. I'll warm you up."

Since the water temperature was much lower today, to avoid burning Robbie's skin, there was less steam in the room. Robbie was being warmed, but Jennifer was left shivering.

"Aren't you cold?" Robbie asked. "We can take turns. I'll spray your feet with the hot water"
