 

Authors note: 

All characters portrayed in this fictional story are over the age of eighteen years. This story includes unprotected sex between a mother and her son with the explicit intent of the mother becoming pregnant from her son. It does not include anal sex.



"Slow down, Chad," Mom scolded me for scarfing down my lunch. I couldn't help it. My eighteenth birthday was last Monday and tonight I was going to officially celebrate it. Time couldn't go by fast enough.

"You can't blame him, Nicole. Nancy is coming back to town from college today and he's eager to get away from the old folks," Dad chuckled.

They had no idea of the level of my excitement. Although I had gone out with my current girlfriend only a few times, tonight was special. Being older and more sexually experienced than me, she promised to take my virginity for my birthday present.

Impatiently waiting several hours, my departure time finally arrived. Before I could get out the door, Dad intercepted me. "You two have fun tonight, Chad. Here's some spending money for your birthday so you can have a good time."

Seeing at least one folded twenty, I accepted the wad from him. "Thanks, Dad."

On my way out, I heard him say, "Stay safe, Chad. Sometimes it takes more than money."

Once in my car, I unfolded the bills to see how much he had given me. Inside two bills was a packaged condom. Wow. How embarrassing. He must have seen my anxious state and knew I was looking forward to more than a date. No wonder he told me to be safe when he sent me off.

I wondered if he was worried history would be repeated as happened with him and Mom. He's eighteen years her senior and she conceived me soon after her eighteenth birthday, so maybe they weren't practicing safe sex and he didn't want me to repeat his lapse of judgment.

The drive didn't take long and before I knew it I was pulling up to my girlfriend's house. Her parents always went to the movies on Saturday night so she planned to give me my gift in her bedroom. Showing up at the prearranged time, I was surprised to be greeted by her father.

"Hi, Chad. Haven't seen you for a while. I hear my daughter is going to give you something special for your birthday."

Panic-stricken, thinking he knew about our plans, I was lost for words. Struggling with how to respond, I blankly stared at him while I thought of several responses that wouldn't get me in trouble. Before I could answer, my girlfriend quickly approached from the kitchen. She was smiling, almost laughing, coming to my rescue. "Oh, Daddy. It's just a movie and not that big a deal for his eighteenth birthday gift."

Finally taking a breath, I felt relief from the uncomfortable situation.

Moving past her father, she hugged me, kissing me on the cheek. "Hi, Chad. Ready to go? We need to hurry to get there on time."

Her Dad waved goodbye as we got in my car and drove off. 

Her perfume was strong and I couldn't wait to have sex with her. Sensing my excitement, she divulged her game plan. "They'll be gone in a few minutes. Drive to the mall and head back. We'll have the house to ourselves and be done by the time they return from their night out."

"What if they ask you something about the movie you're not going to see?"

"Don't worry. I've seen many during the last few months. I'll just pick one of those if they ask. Everything will be fine."

Catching up on recent events, we were soon back at her dark, empty house. Once in the door, she wrapped her arms around me and passionately kissed me now that she was out of sight from her parents.

Gripping my hand, she pulled me to her room and wasted no time with small talk. Her hands hurriedly removed my clothes as we struggled to maintain mouth contact. She was already pulling down my pants and shorts before I could unbutton her blouse.

Wrapping her hand around my stiff prick, she stroked me to full hardness. She impatiently pushed me back on her bed. Smiling wide, she finished stripping off her top and sexy bra. Although I had felt her tits on a couple of dates, I had never seen them. They were bigger than I gauged from my brief feeling, tipped with wide, pink nipples. My prick grew stiffer in anticipation. 

Crawling onto the bed, she ran her hands up my hairy legs. She took her time, lustfully smiling as she leisurely stroked my body, building my excitement level. Kissing her way up my torso, she flattened her tits against mine as we locked our mouths on together. 

Raising herself off me, she moved down and stroked my hard cock. Looking sad, she stopped pumping. "Chad, I have a little bad news for you. My period started early this month, like yesterday. But I'll still be able to give my virgin boyfriend a great birthday gift."

That explained why she didn't take off her skirt. Damn, so much for fulfilling any dreams I had for tonight. In an attempt to not dampen the mood, I replied, "No problem, being with you is enough of a present anyway." That was a bald-faced lie, but I hoped she bought it so she'd continue.

Wrapping her meaty globes around my shaft, she moved to and fro. "How about a titty fuck? Would you like that?"

I closed my eyes and groaned in agreement as she fucked my slick prick. Sensing I was getting too excited, she stopped. Moving back, she held my stiff cock upright, leaning close as if she was talking to a microphone. I looked up to see her pretty face behind my hard shaft.

"Maybe you'd like something that feels more like a juicy pussy rather than fucking my tits." She ran her rough tongue up my length, keeping her lustful eyes locked to mine. Licking up and down my prick, she stopped to occasionally nibble on my hard rod.

I almost lost it when she popped the head of my prick into her sucking mouth. Lowering her head halfway down my shaft, she slowly raised back up, gently scraping my prick with her teeth. Her pace increased, elevating my excitement. I threw my head back and closed my eyes, blissfully enjoying my first blow-job.

She shifted up closer, providing a better angle to slurp up and down my shaft. Keeping my thoughts on other topics, I attempted to hold out as long as possible. Knowing I was nearing an orgasm, I opened my eyes to inform her I was going to erupt.

Looking down, all I could see was the top of her head moving up and down. Her hair was dark brown in color and her bob hairstyle reminded me of someone else. As soon as it dawned on me, my balls filled with a load of sticky cum. Before I could warn her, my cock discharged its load of cargo as I envisioned my mother sucking me.

She swallowed my load as I filled her mouth, seemingly unbothered by my abrupt, explosive orgasm. I moaned in pleasure, my cock convulsing through my climax. After she cleaned my softening cock, she moved up and hugged me. 

As she talked I was trying to figure out what just happened. Comparing Nancy to Mom, I saw a lot of similarities. Was that why I was attracted to her? We didn't connect on most other things. I found her to be pretty shallow, but I thought she would probably grow out of it. Before I knew it, she told me I'd have to leave before her parents came home.

I wasn't even that upset when she informed me that she was heading back to college tomorrow. After a quick, goodbye kiss, I headed home.

At breakfast the next morning I glanced more at Mom than usual and mentally compared her to my girlfriend. She's definitely better looking than Nancy. As with most healthy boys my age, I've stroked to fantasies involving Mom, but not frequently. I switched between her, several aunts and a few teachers for my fantasy fucks. Now that the flood gates were open, incestuous fantasies were freely forming.

Trying hard not to get caught, I stared at her long, lithe legs. Her skirt hemline was a few inches above her knees which allowed a strip of thigh to show when she reached over the counter. Her legs were much better looking than Nancy's. After she sat down to eat, my attention switched to her facial features.

Nancy and Mom's hair were very similar. Silky, straight and chocolate-brown in color. I wonder why I didn't see the similarities earlier. Their bob cuts differed slightly. Nancy's bangs were wider, her hair coming down on the sides of her face barely covering her ears.

Mom's bangs were narrow and lower, almost covering her eyebrows. The sides flowed down by the outer edges of her eyes on either side, accentuating her high cheekbones. Every time she turned to the side, her hair would cover one of her eyes. That would drive me crazy, but she must have liked it as she's worn it that way for years.

Her face is so pretty, I've always thought it was a shame her hair covers most of it. I chalked it up to Dad and Mom's age difference. More likely she wants to conceal how much younger she looks. More than once Dad has complained about how people mistake them for father and daughter when they go out to a restaurant.

Concentrating on Mom's hair for so long, I stopped eating. Mom cleared her throat which brought my attention to her eyes, which were locked onto mine. That brought to light another difference between them. Nancy's eyes were hazel colored, while Mom's were deep-brown, similar to her hair color. There was also a sensual and caring look to Mom's larger, wider eyes that Nancy's didn't exude.

Trying to explain my inattention, I croaked, "Sorry, Mom. My mind was on my homework."

She smiled and replied, "I was getting worried. It looked like you saw a ghost while you were staring at me. Finish your meal and don't worry so much. You'll do fine."

*****

The following Friday I was despondently sitting at a cafeteria table when my friend Tom sat down across from me. Detecting my mopey attitude, he asked, "What's wrong, Chad? You look like you've lost your best friend."

"Nancy hasn't replied to any of my emails. Not sure what I did to make her mad."

"Damn, Dude. You didn't know? I heard she's moved on. I guess she found another virgin to conquer at the college she's attending."

"What are you talking about? Another virgin?"

Tom smiled and chuckled, "She's a cherry picker. That's her thing. She loves virgins. Sorry, I thought everyone knew that."

How could I be so naive? Tom's smirk told it all. He and the rest of the school knew that I hadn't been able to get laid and someone had taken pity on me. Now it was clear how such a hot girl hooked up with me. I didn't even know her before this year. She approached me when I was in the library early in the year and had struck up a conversation, leading to several dates. 

The rest of the day was awkward as I mentally dealt with my newly discovered knowledge. Still feeling sorry for myself at dinner, Dad noticed and put down his paper to talk to me. "You going to see Nancy again this weekend? She's quite the looker, not near as pretty as your mother, but still damn nice."

"No, Dad. We're not going together anymore."

Mom was by the counter and I saw her turn around to eavesdrop on our conversation. 

"That's too bad. I thought she was a keeper." Leaning in closer, he whispered, "Did you at least get to use the protection I gave you."

Blushing, I answered back in a louder tone than I expected. "No, Dad. We didn't go that far."

Mom heard my reply, but I wasn't sure if she knew what I was talking about. She feigned disinterest and continued to prepare our meal. 

Taken aback from my outburst, Dad replied, "Sorry, Chad. Long distance relationships are hard to keep alive." Leaning closer, he whispered, "I can see you're pretty upset. I kind of figured it was a special date. First time, maybe?"

If I had any thoughts of disputing his assumption, my blushing face confirmed his suspicions. "Dad, I'm not telling you that. Let's just say I'm upset at losing my first girlfriend and end it there."

He knowingly smiled and said, "Don't worry, Chad. You'll meet plenty of women in college. Don't fret about it too much."

"I suppose so, Dad. Thanks." 

He was right. I wasn't even that disappointed with the breakup. Our conversations were never very substantial. I was more peeved that she didn't just tell me in the first place. There wouldn't have been any need for the dates. I would have been more than willing to assist her with her fetish.

There were only four months left until summer. I decided to dedicate all my spare time to finalize the work-intensive projects required for graduation. 

*****

Finishing up my final senior project, I turned off my computer with a sigh of relief. It'd been a hectic two months since I decided to buckle down on my studies. The time remaining until graduation would be a breeze.

"Come to dinner, Chad!" Mom yelled at me. Perfect timing. 

Dad was already at the table when I sat down. When we finished eating, he turned to Mom and announced, "Nicole, we're having some server problems at the company which is going to affect my schedule. My hours will be eleven in the morning to eight at night. I'll grab something to eat at work so you two won't have to wait for me."

"That's too bad, John. They rely on you for so much, but at least you can sleep in now. How long do you think it'll last?"

"It looks like eight months to a year, maybe shorter depending on whether I can get someone else up to speed." 

Turning to me he said, "Chad, I'm going to need you to help your mother around the house since I'm not going to be here at night."

"No problem, Dad. There are only two months left until I graduate. I'm done with my major projects so I'll have plenty of time to help out."

Motion caught my eye as Mom reached up to pull back the hair on the side of her face, revealing her smile. Since my disastrous relationship ended with Nancy, I've been paying more attention to Mom's idiosyncrasies. Call it a tell or tic or a habit, but each time she pulled her hair away from her face, it was her way to express joy. She either smiled, laughed or verbally expressed her excitement each time.

Relief swept through me as she silently approved the change which would mean she'd spend more time with me. Her gleeful expression couldn't have surpassed mine. My affection for her during the last few months had elevated from infatuation to a mixture of love and lust.

We started our new routine the next morning. I'd leave for school at eight and arrive back home at three in the afternoon. The next few hours were spent in my room finishing up my homework. Dinner conversation was shorter without Dad, allowing us to finish and clean up earlier than normal.

Mom assigned me several chores occupying my time until Dad arrived at nine. He was so tired when he got home that we usually watched TV for only an hour before he went to bed. 

On the Monday after we started our new routine, Mom stopped me on my way to my room. "Chad, you're going to be on your own in a few months at college. How would you like it if I teach you how to cook and some of the other tasks you'll be doing when you're out on your own?" 

Her large, sad, deep-brown eyes and her apprehensive frown signaled she was afraid I wouldn't agree. As if hypnotized, my eyes locked onto her radiant beauty. Fearing she would change her mind, I quickly replied, "Of course, Mom. That sounds like a great idea. I can finish my homework at night when Dad comes home, freeing up my time before dinner."

And there it was, her tic. Pulling her hair back to the side, she smiled and cheerfully said, "Great, we'll start today."

From that day forward, Mom was determined to teach me how to prepare as many different meals as she could. My focus was more on her body, watching her move elegantly around the kitchen. Occasionally we brushed against each other causing goosebumps to appear when our bare skin came into contact. 

I increased the time I spent close to her body, using the pretense of learning. She never moved away or told me to keep my distance. Not paying attention one day, I was too near the counter when she was working with a bowl of flour. Looking at my powder-covered clothes, she chuckled, "It looks like you may have to wear an apron from now on."

Seeing her wide, sexy grin, I couldn't help but smile back. "I'm not wearing an apron, Mom. I'll have to be more careful in the future."

Her eyes slowly traveled up and down my body as if she were considering more changes with my attire.

After a minute of uncomfortable silence, I declared, "No way, Mom. Not going to happen."

She smiled, quickly brushed her hair to the side and said, "I know, Dear. I was just trying to picture you in one of those french maid outfits."

We both laughed but now images of how she'd look in that sexy attire flashed through my lecherous mind. I turned back to the counter to hide my growing erection. Homework that night was delayed as I surfed for a brunette, french maid and a young man. Finding one, I soon blasted off a load, envisioning my mother as the maid.

Two weeks flew by and my training was winding down in the kitchen. Today she was going to teach me how to use the blender to make a cake.

"Come stand behind me, Chad. You can look over my shoulder and learn how to mix in the different ingredients."

Maneuvering behind her, I positioned my head next to hers so I could see what she was doing. While her attention was on blending together the items, mine was focused on her scent. Realizing she had used a berry shampoo, I inhaled her fragrance.

There was another smell I detected as well, her natural aura. Leaning closer to her bare skin below her hair I breathed in deep in an attempt to inhale her scent. Misjudging, I accidentally nudged my nose into her soft neck.

Suddenly, her body clenched and she quickly turned around. Her bra-encased breasts slammed into my chest as she swiveled to face me. She exclaimed, "What are you doing?"

Startled by getting caught, I stammered, "Sorry, Mom. The strawberry smell from your hair was strong. I was just trying to get in a better position to smell the spices." 

Her soft breasts were still pressed into my chest and her luscious lips were inches away. Could I kiss her? Would she get disgusted and end any progress I've made in having a closer relationship with her?

Before I could dwell any longer, she muttered, "It's okay, I was just startled. Guess I'll have to shampoo with something less strong in the future." She giggled and gave me a knowing smirk. She was no dummy, knowing her son was smelling her feminine essence, not the spices.

After turning back around, she reached up and moved her hair to the side, baring the side of her face. "Put your head next to my neck so you won't be distracted by my hair. Next time I'll have to use a shampoo that smells closer to the dish we're preparing." Chuckling, she moved her hand back to the counter.

Not only was she not irritated at my behavior, but she had also given me permission to get closer to her smooth skin. Pressing the side of my face next to bare neck, I found it difficult to observe what she was doing. All I could think of was the fact she moved her hair, indicating an excited condition. Glancing sideways, her sexy smile confirmed my assessment.

Feeling my manhood come alive, I shifted my pelvis back to avoid jabbing her soft body. Along with surfing mom-son porn tonight, I'd have to look up instructions on how to make a cake as I wasn't paying attention to anything she was doing.

All too soon, the batter was ready to go in the oven. Continuing to work closely together through the next week, I knew I was falling, if not already deep in love with my beautiful mother. Her flirting had really elevated my affection for her. I was certain by the signals she was sending that she had reciprocal feelings. 

*****

Two days later when I arrived home from school, I heard Mom call out from the kitchen. "Chad, I'm making a pie. Change out of your good clothes and put on your sweats before you come to watch."
