 Author's Note: Due to the events described below the names of the persons have all been changed. Any similarities are purely coincidental.

*

My name is Jason and the events described happened in 1987 at the age of 18. I was brought up on a bog standard council estate living in a 3 bedroom house with my parents who more or less happily married.

The problem started 2 years earlier when I used to go to the toilet and found that I was pissing over me and the seat due to a tightening foreskin. The problem became so bad in a short space of time that I had to squat down like a woman so I could take a piss without causing a mess over me. In the end it got so bad that I told my dad who then took me down the doctors who said in no uncertain terms that I would need a circumcision to correct the problem. After 18 months (normal N.H.S. waiting times) I had the operation and was sent back home after 2 days with the surgeon saying I could take the stitches out by myself after a week. If I had any problems I should see my G.P.

Well after a week I found that I was having trouble trying to taking out my stitches due to the fact I was left- handed and finding it difficult to manipulate the tweezers and scissors. To cap it all I was having a serious case of blue-balls as I'd been unable to masturbate while the stitches were inside, every time I tried they'd give me agony no matter how gentle I'd try to be. It was the school holidays and in the afternoon I came downstairs to watch a war film that was going to start. Mom watched me come into the front room clearly struggling with the stitches inside me.

"Haven't you cut those stitches out yet Jay?" 

"No mom!" I replied as I sat gingerly on the sofa. 

"Why not? the surgeon told you you could take them out after seven days!" 

"I know mom but there awkward to get to, and besides I'm going down the doctors Monday to get them sorted." 

"Monday!" mom answered sternly. "That's after the weekend... Jesus why don't you let me take a look for you and save you waiting till Monday?" 

Feeling uncomfortable I said "Nah, it's ok, I can wait 'til Monday." 

"Why not? You don't need to feel embarrassed I've seen your dads enough times." I answered back knowing what it was like arguing with mom, she was like a dog with a bone when she had an opinion. 

"That's different." 

"How?" mom responded. "Once you've seen one you've seen them all, besides you've all got the same plumbing." Then she started to chuckle knowing I was getting really embarrassed and losing the argument. 

I continued, "It is that's why. You and dad are married and sleep together." basically another way of saying that they were having sex. 

"So?" mom came back. 

"You know? you're allowed to touch each other, that's why! Moms are not allowed to touch their sons down there." Mom then came back again. 

"I know that, all I'm going to do is cut them out for you, I know that you're worried in case you get a hard-on in front of me, and in any other situation it wouldn't happen but you shouldn't be, it's a normal reflex action, in fact I'd find it a little bit flattering!" then mom chuckled again.I sat there for a few moments trying to watch the film then mom piped up again. 

"Up for it? the quicker we get started the quicker we can get it done, besides you dad won't be back until 6, we've got the whole house to ourselves so we won't be disturbed." Finding I was getting boxed into a corner I snapped back. 

"Ok! if you're so keen, YOU TAKE YOUR CLOTHES OFF THEN!" thinking that would stop her in her tracks. Instead mom replied 

"Of course I will, I've got nothing to be embarrassed about." Then started laughing knowing that she'd called my bluff.

Dumbfounded, I watched the TV despite being oblivious to what was going on in the film contemplating what mom had just said, not only will mom be messing around with my cock, but she'll be completely naked doing it. Cum started to fill my balls, as I thought to myself. 'Jesus Christ' realizing the implications of this, most boys would give their right arms to be in this position. 

"Well?" mom said "It'll only take a few minutes!" I nodded in agreement as mom grabbed her cigs and went into the kitchen to fetch the scissors and tweezers she'd need in the next half an hour. She then returned and poked her head around the door and asked me to follow her upstairs which I did, all the time my heart beating 10 to the dozen.

Now let me tell you about my mom. At the time she was 35, 5'ft 11in with a slim build (that's where I eventually got my height from) with a size 14 hip despite giving birth to me, with a 34C bust and shoulder length brunette hair. I know her stats from her panties and bra's which I did like any other boy at my age has done and looked at in her bedroom, even trying various ones on. The panties that have a sort of see through effect in the pubic area were my favourite.

At around the age of 11 I became aware of my parents having sex. Mom was very vocal when she cum, but due to not having had sex education, my school didn't show us until the age of 12, I was not privy to the mechanics of it only hear say. It was also around this time that I started to masturbate properly. When hearing mom having sex, I used to find myself becoming erect listening to her cum. Later I found out that I knew when mom was starting to cum even before she started to groan. Her fanny used to go wet as it started making a slapping sound as dad thrust inside her, which I could hear even though I was next door. It was only a matter of time when mom was having sex, I could rub my cock at the same time as the headboard banged against the wall, thus I could time my cum at the same time as mom's, this gave me the most intense orgasms possible.

Now, up to the age of 12 I'd never seen my mom naked. It never bothered me much, as I'd never intentionally tried to spot her naked although admittedly it was one of those rites of passage that every son, sooner or later will see their mom naked. I'd spent numerous school days with my friends all talking about how they'd seen their moms naked in various situations. I would've started to feel left out but fate dealt me a good hand the night I saw mom naked for the first time.

I got up out of bed one night to go to the toilet and walked up the hall to the bathroom, being half asleep, I didn't notice that mom had just finished having a bath. Unknown to me it transpired it was normal for mom to walk from the bathroom to her bedroom naked. All of a sudden and without warning the bathroom door opened and she came out without wearing any clothes apart from a bath towel that she had in her hands. As I stopped dead in my tracks, mom didn't see me at first then looked up in sheer horror knowing that she was exposing herself to me. Dropping her towel in shock mom screamed 

"Ooohhh! Jason! I didn't see you there!" as she fled past me as quick as she could into her bedroom.

Seeing your first naked woman, especially if it's your own mom is a sight to behold, it was only a few seconds but it was enough to take in the view. Her pert tits, her areole weren't that big but her nipples were gorgeous, at least an inch or so in length and the same in diameter. Her curvy hips which showed off her legs then there was her pubic area, mom had an absolutely gorgeous hairy fanny and lips, some men don't like sticky out fanny lips but I thought that they were as sexy as hell.

At the top of the stairs I asked mom which room we were going in, she said hers as mine had no space in there, you couldn't swing a cat in mine. On entering the bedroom mom walked around the bed to the other side of the room next to the dresser. She then placed her cigs, lighter, scissors and tweezers on the bedside cabinet. My heart continued to pound as mom facing the dresser with her back to me started to strip.

First she pulled her tee-shirt over her head and let it fall to the floor, exposing her back and bra straps, then leaning forward her arms came around her back she undid her bra which went limp then fell to the floor. Then it was the turn of her jeans and panties, her hand moved to her crotch area as she unbuttoned her jeans and lowered the zip. Her hands then headed for her hips which she then hooked her thumbs between her hips and her jeans themselves, she gave them a quick tug allowing them to fall freely to the floor allowing me to see her arse and legs. I tried not to smile as she bent over to pull her legs out of her jeans when I saw her panties as they were the ones I used to have a wank over a few weeks earlier when I spotted them in the dirty laundry basket. Again mom used her thumbs to hook under the elastic of her panties and let them fall to her ankles which she again stepped out of them. As she did this her fanny and sticky out lips came into view.

Mom then stood upright and turned around giving me an unlimited view of her naked body, then started smiling. 'God' I thought to myself as mom stood there before me, then got jealous of dad knowing he got to have his way with mom at least once a week, I hoped that if I ever got married my wife would have a body like moms. 

"Yes!" mom said questioningly. I nodded my head hardly able to contain my excitement then said 

"Mom, you look dead sexy!", thinking that she asked her question inquiring as to whether or not I liked the view. 

"Jay, I'm not asking if you like what you see, I said yes because you're supposed to get undressed as well." Perplexed I asked mom why I needed to get naked as well when I only needed to drop my jeans and boxers to cut my stitches out. 

"Fair's, fair, I you think I'm getting naked on my own you've got another thing coming." Dread hit me as I realized I'd have to be completely exposed to mom, she didn't tell me that downstairs, not only that he hadn't seen me naked since the age of 4, after that dad was the one who always bathed me as mom in them days worked late as a cleaner for extra money.

"It's no good just standing there Jay, get 'em off, besides I want to see how my baby son has grown into a man." Mom then started to encourage me by shouting 

"OFF! OFF! OFF! OFF!" clapping in unison as she shouted. Sheepishly I started to get undressed, tee-shirt and socks first, then my jeans. My face turned purple as I removed letting mom know that I had a hard-on. Mom giggled and put her hand to her mouth as she became embarrassed at her son's predicament. Then with mom staring intently I let my boxers to fall to the floor allowing my cock with its pubes to in full view of mom. Mom stood there transfixed for a moment while she looked at my hard-on, excited at the effect she was having on me. 

"You don't mind do you Jay? it's not every day you get to see how your son has developed." 

For some reason it felt erotic while I was standing there without any clothes on while mom was ogling my cock. This had the effect of tightening my balls which I could feel lifting in my sack. 

"Sorry mom!" I said commenting on my hardness thinking she might be offended. 

"It's a normal thing to happen, there's no need to fret, that's the time to worry when you can't get one when you're with a woman." After a few more seconds staring at my crotch mom laughed and carried on. 

"Besides I feel flattered, I didn't know I still had it in me."

I asked mom where she wanted me to get, and she told me to stay put for a moment. She took hold of her pack of cigs, after lighting one and putting it in her mouth, she took a few drags, then she grabbed hold of the scissors and tweezers from the bedside cabinet. Mom then walked around the bed and sat on the corner. Beckoning me over, I walked over to her, I then stood in front of her while she opened her knees to allow me to get closer. My cock was then level with her neck.

"Ready?" mom asked as she put her cig down on the edge of the dresser, to which I nodded and took a deep breath ready for her to grip me. I looked down mom's front, seeing her tits close up, her nipples for some reason pointing rigidly. Mom lifted her right hand and with her thumb and forefinger touched the end of my glands. 100,000 volts shot down my spine as both pleasure and pain hit me in equal measure.

"Uuurrrggghhh!" I groaned as my legs buckled and twitched slightly causing me to clench. Mom looked up at me and said 

"This ain't going to work Jay! I don't want you cumming' in my face." She quickly looked around the bed and let me go and stood up. 

"Here, sit in the middle of the bed with your back against the headboard, I'll be better able to control you then." I did what I was told while mom took another drag on her cig. I sat there as mom put her cig on the edge of the bedside cabinet and looked at me. 

"Open up your legs wider!" she instructed me as mom stepped up onto the bed which rocked from side to side. 

"Wider! Wider!" she called to me until my legs were at around 90 degrees to me. Stepping between my thighs I thought for a split second that she was going to step on my balls, her feet just inches from my crotch. I flinched as mom knelt between my knees, then crossed her legs, the weight of her crashing down on top of my legs, the smooth skin of her thighs pressing me into the bed and pinning me there.

She leaned over again to take another drag on her cig, the weight increasing on my right side as she did, then her right hand came up to my cock as before. Another groan from me echoed around the bedroom, as mom started to cut away the stitches, as cum continued to fill my balls. 

"If you're going to cum, let me know then I'll be able to point your cock away from my face, as I said, I don't want you cumming' in my face," mom said as she went about her job with vigor.

As mom cut feverishly, I again looked at mom's body enjoying every inch of her sexiness. I was completely mesmerized at mom's nipples which still stood out erect. I began to wonder if she was turned on by the fact that she was naked in front of me or by the fact I was naked in front of her. Looking down at her fanny, I admired her hairiness between her thighs, trying not to let the urge to put my hands down there to get the better of me. Mom noticed I was continuing to drool over her body but carried on regardless, smiling as she used the scissors and tweezers.

Within 10 minutes mom was down to the last 2 stitches, but I couldn't keep in the tension in any longer, I started to breathe heavily and rock back and forth on the bed, my thigh muscles clenching as I groaned. Looking down at my glands turning purple mom said 

"Don't keep it in, if you're going to cum, just cum, let it all out, I don't mind if you come cum all over me.!" I couldn't believe what mom was saying, mom wanted me to cum over her, if my friends knew about this they wouldn't believe me in a million years!

I slowly felt the cum rising inside me as I rocked faster and faster on the bed. I put my hands on mom's thighs and knees and gripped as hard as I could as my orgasmic waves approached. 

"Mmmm... mom! . . . I'm . . . I'm... cumming! . . . I'm cumming!"

Knowing what to expect mom pointed my cock towards her stomach and breasts with her fingers. Mom then flinched as up to three weeks of pent up tension shot out of me, covering mom's stomach and nipples as I convulsed in spasms and groaned.

I tried to get my breath back as the waves from my cum subsided allowing my body to relax. Mom just froze there trying to take in what had just happened, the fact that her own son had cum over her, and the huge volume that had struck her. 

"Jesus Jay, how long has it been since you last cum?" 

"3 weeks!" I relied

"No wonder there's so much then... I bet you needed that didn't you? you've only gone and covered me!" mom replied looking stunned.

Mom looked down the front of her at the mess I'd created, cum starting to trickle off her left nipple and down her stomach and over her belly button. She got up and quickly grabbed her cig and put everything else down as fast as she could. 

"I'll be back in a few minutes, I'm just going to take a shower to clean myself up, there's a packet of wet wipes for you to use in the bottom draw," pointing at the other bedside cabinet. "Clean yourself up will you, I don't fancy picking through your cum while I cut the last couple out!" 

With that she raced through the door and down the hallway to the bathroom before cum dripped off her onto the carpet, her footsteps making thudding sounds indicating the speed she was travelling. I leaned over and opened the draw which she had indicated and proceeded to clean myself with the wipes mom had said were in there. Making light work of that I then put the used wipes on top of the cabinet and relaxed, thinking about the previous quarter of hour.

As she promised, mom returned a few minutes later and got back into the same position on the bed as she was earlier. Looking down at my limp cock she gingerly gripped it again with thumb and forefinger. I groaned as she did this as I was still a little bit sensitive. 

"Shouldn't take long this Jay, there's only two left," mom said while starting to cut then laughed. 

"What's wrong?" I asked thinking mom had seen me do something funny. 

"Nothing really!" she replied back, "it's just weird seeing and hearing you cum that's all... let's face it... it's something a mom shouldn't actually see is it? her own son cum in front of her, it's like you seeing me cum." Cheekily I said 

"I can hear you though!" Mom blushed "I know you can, but I can't be helped can it, as we live in a house with thin walls." She then carried on 

"Cumming is one of the most intimate and private things you can do with someone, it shouldn't be done in public, especially in front of family members." Moments later mom cried,

"Last but one!" as the next stitch came out. She leaned over to the bedside cabinet but grumbled as she realized her cig had gone out depriving her of another few drags. 

"Well... at least you'll be able to have a wank from now on, won't you," mom teased, laughing at me as I turned red. 

"Mom!" I protested surprised at mom's candor.All of a sudden and out of the blue mom asked 

"So tell me... who is it you think of when you have a wank then?" Gobsmacked I stumbled, fumbling for an answer. 

"Err... err... mom... that's private!" Cringing at mom's question I continued to ask, 

"Why do you want to know?" 

"Just interested that's all, there must be someone you think of to bring yourself off, all boys have a top fantasy don't they?" Jesus Christ I thought, she knows a lot about teenage boys considering she's a woman that's for sure.

"No-one, really." I stated, not sure how mom would react if I told her that it was my own mom. 

"It's not Eileen by any chance is it? I and she noticed how you used to look at her when she came round for a chat!" 

It was true, as I told you earlier, before I saw mom naked that night it was all Eileen in my thoughts while having a wank. Being best friends, she used to come around once a week for a chat, and if it was the school holidays it would allow me to sit in on their get together. Eileen was the same height as mom but had blonde wavy hair which was shoulder length, and like mom had the same build. She differed from mom though in having bigger tits, possibly a DD cup.

Eileen being divorced would wear revealing skirts, which would rise right up to the top of her thighs when she sat down. I swear she dressed like that knowing I was secretly looking at her. In fact she used to tease me by saying she'd want to marry me when I got older as I'd make a good husband, much to my embarrassment and mom's annoyance.While mom was trying to get the last stitch out and talking dirty like she was, it had the effect of making my balls twitch and forcing my cock to rise again.

"Come on tell me... I want to know!" 
