 Copyright 2005 by Stormbringer

Revised 2010 & 2019

Megan tied the belt on her robe as she walked down the stairs. She was running the water into her tub and planning a long luxurious soak. Her husband was off on another week-long business trip. Megan used her free time to relax and catch up on her reading.

Megan entered her kitchen and retrieved some orange juice from the refrigerator. She heard her daughter's voice whispering from outside. Michelle was on the phone, but she had left the screen door open.

"It's safe Nigel, mom's taking a bath. I'm sorry I haven't called. Yeah, I miss you too."

Megan felt her cheeks flush listening to her daughter's conversation. Nigel was her daughter's new boyfriend and Michelle had been walking around all dreamy eyed since she'd met him.

A few days earlier, Megan had overheard her daughter talking to one of her friends. Apparently, the reason Michelle hadn't introduced Nigel to her parents was that the boy was a twenty-year-old high school senior and had been held back twice after several suspensions. Michelle had just turned eighteen. She had proudly stood before her church, taking her celibacy pledge until she was married just as her parents had twenty years earlier. Fearing Michelle was close to breaking her pledge, Megan immediately ordered her daughter to quit seeing the boy. Now here she was talking to him on the phone and apparently had lied to her mom.

"I want to touch your thing again. I'm ready Nigel. I want that big dick of yours to pop my cherry."



Michelle looked up and saw her mom standing at the door. "Oh shit! Mom!"

Megan pulled the screen door open and stormed over to her daughter. "Give me the phone," she demanded, snatching it from her daughter's hand. "Listen up Nigel. If I ever catch you near my daughter, I'll have you locked up." Megan hung up the phone.

"But mom, I love him."

"You are grounded young lady. Go to your room."

"I hate you, you bitch." Michelle ran inside the house crying.

Megan paused stunned before she started crying. This Nigel kid was bad news. Michelle had always been a good girl. Suddenly, she was wearing low riding jeans with the straps of her thong hanging out. Her shirts were small, tight, and always showed at least her navel and usually her entire belly. Her bra showed her cleavage which was impressive on breasts nearing a D-cup in size for such a young teenager. Michelle would eventually Inherit her mom's double Ds which she considered a family curse.

Megan sighed. She looked at her juice and decided it needed spicing up a little. Megan walked over to the liquor cabinet and poured some vodka into her orange juice. She mixed it a little too strong, but then it wasn't like she'd be driving.

Megan locked the doors and headed back upstairs and was just in time to stop the tub from overflowing. Megan drained some of the water, adding some bath salts.



Megan walked over to the mirror and let her robe fall to the ground. It was her habit to examine herself before bathing. No one would have mistaken her for a mother of an eighteen-year-old daughter. She had long straight brownish blonde hair, big full lips and piercing green eyes currently red from crying. Her crow's feet only appeared when she smiled, and she looked ten years younger. Michelle's large bosom made most people assume she was older, so many assumed mother and daughter were really sisters only a few years apart in age.

Megan was also quite tall measuring a little over six feet. Hair, bosom, and height were all part of her Nordic/Germanic heritage and her daughter was following in Megan's footsteps. Megan was also quite fit and trim. She struggled daily to keep her tummy flat and her body firm. Her fit body, height, and large chest made her look like a comic book heroine come to life. Of course, the reality was the beginnings of lower back pain and a serious consideration to have her breasts reduced.

Megan slid her nude body into the tub. Taking it slowly letting her body became used to the heat. She sighed, laying back to relax a bit before taking another sip of her drink. Megan grabbed her razor and lifted one long leg out of the water. She shaved her leg and then did the other one. Her husband was away, but Megan liked to show off her legs with skirts and shaved them daily. Afterwards, she shaved her armpits and lifted her body out of the water enough to give a quick shave to her pubic region. Her bush matched her hair and was prone towards bushiness. She kept it trim and short with only a small triangle of hair on her crotch.

After shaving, Megan washed her face and slid her entire head under water for a moment. When she came up for air her hair looked brown and clung wetly to her head. She took the jasmine scented soap and lathered her arms and shoulders before moving down her chest. Megan gasped as the soap slid over her nipple. Her nipples had always been sensitive, and the simple touch had sent a spasm through her vagina. Her nipples were also pointy and thick. They were prone to harden often and were easily noticeable through Megan's bras. She often covered them with band aids to protect them from chaffing and to keep men from looking at her chest when they talked to her. Both nipples were hard and aching now.



Megan rubbed the soap around under her breasts before sliding it over her tummy. Lastly, she lathered her crotch and slid the soap along her thighs. She was tempted to let her hand linger between her legs, but she resisted masturbating as it was sinful. She'd broken down and played with herself several times, once as a horny teenager and a few times after her husband had ejaculated too quickly, waiting for his snores before her fingers found her unsatisfied vagina. The alcohol and rubbing her nipples were making her horny. She still had a week until her husband got back to take care of her needs and even then, he'd only be home for a few days. She sighed with frustration.



Megan rinsed and relaxed for around fifteen minutes before pulling the plug on the drain. She lifted herself out of the water and toweled herself dry. The last step in her bathing ritual was to rub baby oil over her entire body. She believed the oil kept her skin smooth and youthful looking. Her skin was slick and glistening by the time she pulled her robe back on. She quickly brushed her wet hair.

Megan passed Michelle's room and listened at the door. There was no noise until Megan started to walk off. Then she heard a giggle. Megan quickly pulled the door open. Michelle was sitting at her desk at her computer. Her bedroom window was open next to her. "What are you doing?" asked Megan.

"I'm chatting with Kimmy." Michelle looked nervous. Her eyes darted to the window. Just a few years ago, Michelle had been a tomboy climbing in and out of her room by the big oak tree outside her window.

Megan locked eyes with her daughter and they stared until the teen looked away. Megan looked at the open window. It was hot and a cool breeze blew in through the window. Could she still trust her daughter? She had growing doubts. Would she sneak out to meet this Nigel character? Megan made up her mind instantly.



"Young lady, grounded means grounded. That means no cell, no computer, and no TV." Her daughter had all three things in her room. "You're sleeping in my room tonight young lady."

"I'm not staying with you." Michelle crossed her arms and pouted.

"Then I'll stay here." Megan grabbed Michelle's arm and pulled her out into the hall. The teenager shuffled her feet as her mother dragged her into the master bedroom. "I'll wake you before school," she said before shutting the door. Megan still didn't trust her daughter. The frustrated mother walked determinedly to the closet and took the vacuums extension cord. She tied the cord around the door knob and the other end around the stair well. Michelle could get out with a struggle, but Megan hoped

the noise might awaken her. Otherwise, she felt her daughter and her daughter's virginity was safely locked up for the night.

The frustrated young mother stormed back downstairs and fixed herself another screwdriver. She thought about calling her husband, but they had agreed to talk every other night when he was gone. He would flip when she told him that his precious angel was calling her mom a bitch and looking to give up her cherry to some twenty-year-old high school boy.

Megan refilled her drink and headed upstairs to spend the night in her daughter's room. Megan turned off her daughter's computer and sat down on the bed. It was a typical teenage girl's bed with pink sheets and two teddy bears lying against the pillows. Megan grabbed one teddy bear and hugged it to her body looking much like a teenage girl herself.

Megan surveyed the room. One wall held a poster of someone named Orlando Bloom. She didn't see what was so special about him. The other wall showed a poster of Justin Timberlake. He had his shirt open and Megan easily understood why that poster was on the wall. There was a third poster of Prince Harry.

On the desk rested a picture of Michelle and her friends in bikinis at the pool from last year. Looking at her daughter's bikini clad body, Megan was thankful, Michelle had made it this far without losing her virginity.

Also, on the desk sat her daughter's school notebook. On the cover were hearts with Michelle plus Bobby (a nice kid she had grown up with) and Michelle plus Tom (her tutor). They had gone to the movies chaperoned by Michelle's father. Both boys' names were crossed out.



Multiple new hearts read, Michelle plus Nigel, Michelle plus Nig, and Mrs. Nigel Jefferson written down all over the book. Megan flipped the notebook over and gasped at a doodle her daughter had drawn. The doodle was of a large penis drawn with a pen. She'd colored the inside of the penis with the pen to darken it. The outline of a small arm reached out for the penis with the fingers touching the tip. The penis was over proportioned and as big as the arm. Michelle had mentioned touching the boy's thing in the phone conversation she'd just overheard. This boy was definitely bad news.

Michelle also had a small clothing box sitting on her bed. Megan opened the box and pulled out some skimpy underwear from a lingerie store. The panty was little more than strings with a patch of cloth. The bra was a little better but sheer enough to leave nothing to the imagination. Megan considered the underwear to be quite sleazy even slutty. She knew instinctively that Michelle had bought this for Nigel.

Megan was a little tipsy by this time. The atmosphere of the room had her feeling like a teenager again. She even giggled as she laid out the underwear and stood. Her hand reached for the belt of her robe...

****************

Big Nig almost fell out of the tree branch when Michelle's mom took her robe off. He had no idea Michelle had such a sexy mama and gawd damn, did the milf have some big titties. If they weren't sagging a little and if Michelle wasn't on her way to having tits just as big, Nigel would have assumed they were implants. The sexy bitch looked like a nude Power Girl. That is if Power Girl worked on the pole and made porno movies.

Nude was nice, but she looked even hotter when she turned to try on Michelle's underwear. The milf turned her back to him and bent down. Her long legs tensed, and a firm milky white ass thrust out at him. Her ass cheeks parted, and he got a quick peek at her gash as she pulled the thong up. Nigel's cock was achingly hard at this point and watching her cram her oversized titties into a too small bra didn't help. When she managed to hook the bra, her titties were thrust forward and upwards. He could clearly see some rose-colored nipples pushing at the material. The nipples were large and sized for her big bosom. Nigel had come here to get laid and after looking at the mother, he decided she 'd be a much better fuck then Michelle.



Big Nig froze as she strolled over to the window. He prayed she wasn't about to shut it. He was dressed in black and his dark black skin blended into the darkness. Provided he didn't smile, she wouldn't see him. Her breasts hung like udders as she leaned out and took some deep breaths of the coolnight air. Luckily, the milf didn't close the window when she went back in. Instead, dressed only in her daughter's bra and panties, the milf left the room and entered the bathroom across the hall. Nigel saw his chance. He slipped inside the room and dropped a couple black mambas into the milf's drink.

Big Nig was bad news. He hated the name Nigel because he thought it sounded like a British faggot's name. After fucking a few of the high school girls, he'd picked up the nickname Big Nig. He liked his nickname.

Nigel had failed grades twice and found himself a twenty-year-old senior in high school. Nor would he be graduating this year, but the school was about to kick him out before he turned twenty-one. He didn't care. He only showed up at school because he pedaled ecstasy and occasionally some weed. The black mambas were new and not even illegal, though some states had begun regulating their usage. The pills aided in relaxation and stimulated the pleasure centers of the brain. This simple Mexican herb was currently being refined into a female version of sildenafil. Big Nig had found that when mixed with alcohol, they quickly increased a woman's sex drive. He was hoping her glass was filled with more than just orange juice.

This year he had scored big selling ecstasy, black mambas, and weed, to half the senior class. He'd even nailed some cheerleaders in exchange for more mambas. The cheerleaders were the ones who had given him the nickname Big Nig. He still fucked them, but now they paid for their drugs like everyone else. They fucked him because they loved it, needing big black cock more than they needed drugs.

Michelle had started hanging out with some girl's whose boyfriends were white, hip hop wannabes. The stupid white boys thought they were dope and tried to hang with Nigel and his brothers. One day, Big Nig had found himself alone with Michelle when her friends were off smoking weed and listening to rap. He had slipped a black mamba into the girl's beer. The drug helped loosen her up enough to touch his cock when he whipped it out. He quietly observed the signs of her arousal, flushing, nipples hardening as her fingers slid over his cock. He was going in for a feel up on her big titties when her friends had returned deciding it was time to go.

He set out to seduce her by being overly nice to the impressionable young girl. It had worked. He'd gotten her to dress sluttier but had never had another chance to be alone with her. When she confessed to being a virgin, he wasn't surprised and only wanted her more. Nor did he care when she told him her parents wouldn't approve of her dating an older boy with a criminal record (he read that as dating a nigger). He was going to get his hands on her big white titties and his cock up her pussy no matter what.

Now Big Nig had lost all interest in Michelle as he watched something even better walk into the bedroom. The milf took a big swig of the orange juice. She laid down on the bed and drank some more before turning out the light. She never saw the pills dissolving in her drink.

***************

Megan suddenly woke up. She didn't know how long she had slept and was confused as to where she was. Strangely, she didn't feel tired nor did she have a headache from the vodka. She felt fantastic! Her entire body felt alive. If she'd known, Michelle had such a comfortable bed, she'd have punished her more often. The sheet caressed her skin like a silken lover in a dozen or so places. Her nipples were swollen and throbbing so hard, they ached. They ached bad enough, she quickly unhooked the tight bra. She moaned once as her nipples came free of the bra and the cool air from the open window embraced their nakedness. She stretched once making her muscles tingle. Stretching had never felt so good. Megan was also consciously very aware of the thong underwear between her ass cheeks and that her vagina was soaking the material on the front of the panty. She lifted her hips and pulled the panties off hoping they weren't ruined, and she could wash them before Michelle found out. She fell asleep again, waking quickly to find her hips lifting into the imaginary thrusts of some dream lover.

Megan suddenly felt very lonely. She wanted to hug and hold someone. She wasn't just horny. She wanted companionship. Forgetting, she wasn't in her bedroom, she pulled back the covers and was on her way to her daughter's room to hug Michelle. They would hold each other and cry and afterwards all would be right with the world. Then she realized someone was standing over her undressing.



"You're early," she said, assuming her husband had gotten home. "Come hold me, honey." Megan didn't want her husband slipping onto his side of their king-sized bed and falling asleep. Oddly, her bed felt smaller than usual. Megan needn't have worried. When he joined her, he was practically on top of her. A hand touched her leg and moved up to her knee. Her husband swung over and kneeled between her feet. He bent down and a wet kiss landed on her stomach. Another kiss found her navel and his tongue slipped inside. Her body was so alive with sensation, even his kissing over her belly felt incredible and those kisses were moving down. "You know I don't like that," she reminded her husband, but her body was tensing with anticipation. "Well, maybe just toNIGHT." Her voice rose an octave as his kisses fell on her vaginal lips. A long-wet tongue quickly worked its way between them. It felt so good she might even be willing to return the favor this one time and suck his penis.

Her hands first pushed against, then gripped tightly, big strong shoulders. She gripped them tighter as she came. Her hands moved up her husband's cheeks and into his hair. He'd gotten it cut short, almost military style. She gripped his head tighter as his tongue burrowed deeper.

His hair felt strange, curlier, and even kinky. Megan nearly ripped the hair out of his head as his fingers clamped down over her nipples. Muscular arms had encircled her thighs as his tongue lapped her pussy. His hands had come up to her breasts. Her husband was squeezing her erect nipples between his thumbs and forefingers, jerking on them a lot rougher than usual. She'd never seen him be this masculine or aggressive before and she loved it. Her pelvis was uncontrollable as it bucked up into his thrusting tongue. She had the biggest orgasm of her life close on the heels of the earlier one.
