 (Author's Note: This story is fantasy. All characters are fictional and over the age of 18. It also depicts forced sex roleplay and roleplay only. The sex is consensual) 

*

Mom's gone. She's away on a business training. That just leaves you and Dad at home. It's been pretty quiet the past couple of days and there's still a few days left before she comes home. Today has been different though. Dad has been very quiet. He's been looking at you for longer today. He seems angry or upset or something. You don't think you've done anything wrong, but he seems annoyed with you. During dinner, you ask him, "Is everything Ok Dad?"

He looks at you and replies, "Yes dear. Why?"

"You just have been acting so annoyed today, I didn't know if I had done something"

"No sweetheart," he replies, "I'm just frustrated."

"Frustrated about what?"

"Well you're mother's been gone and I've been alone for a while... Just don't worry about it baby. I'm not angry with you, just frustrated."

"I thought mom made you mad and you'd be happy she was gone," you say trying to make a joke.

"I do miss your mother when she's gone. I miss her smell. I miss her sleeping with me. And I miss..." his voice trails off as he looks away.

"You miss what Dad?"

"Nevermind," He replies, "There's just things that Mommy does for Daddy that I miss. That's all."

"You're talking about sex aren't you?" you ask.

"You don't need to worry about what I'm talking about. Now eat your dinner." your dad says with finality. You know better than to pursue it any further. You both eat your dinner in silence. He just looks angry. You wish mom would get home so he would get in a better mood.

After dinner, you have a shower and get into your panties and a long tee shirt. You and your dad both watch a movie together. You snuggle up next to him on the couch. He puts his arm around you and you lose yourself in the movie. About half way through the movie, you notice that Dad has moved his hand down your side and it is now resting on your hip. He used to do this all the time when you were younger, but his touches have been strictly shoulders or above since you turned 13. Now at 18, he always acts more formal than he used to. You know it's because you've become much more of a woman and he doesn't want to do anything inappropriate. Which of course you appreciate, but here he is now with his hand on your hip, rubbing back and forth. You wonder what he could be up to, but figure he must just be doing it absentmindedly, forgetting that it was you and not mom next to him. Then Dad changes how he is rubbing. Instead of rubbing up and down on your hip, his hand is now rubbing front to back. It goes forward over your hip, then rubs back to your butt cheek. Back and forth, back and forth. Is he still confused? After a minute or two of this, Dad's hand rubs completely back over your ass cheek. You can feel his pinky in between your cheeks. It is staying there, fingers squeezing slightly. You don't know what to do. He's got to know that this isn't mom, why is he lingering there with his hand so clearly on your ass? His hand drops down a bit more and now his hand is placed right between your butt cheeks. His long middle finger is pushing in between the cheeks. "Daddy," you say, hoping to get his attention and make him realize what he's doing.

"What baby girl?" he says, his hand going nowhere.

"Um, your hand's on my ass. I'm not mom." you say.

"And?" he replies, still not moving his hand.

"Come on dad, it's making me uncomfortable," you say, ready for him to take his hand off of your ass.

"I'm sorry doll, I'm just lonely and frustrated," dad says as he rubs his hand back and forth on your ass. He grabs both cheeks and squeezes hard, then removes his hand from you, placing it on the back of the couch.

You use this opportunity to remove yourself from him. "I'm sorry daddy, but mom will be home in five days. She'll take care of you then." You get up off the couch.

"Yeah, but who will take care of me until then?" he asks with his eyes looking intensely at you. He's never looked at you like this before. You can tell he is wanting you to "take care" of him. His eyes look up and down at your barely-clad body then look you right in the eyes. You're a little scared. You want to leave, but you can't stop looking at his eyes. The lust in them is something new.

He reaches his hand up and takes yours. He stands up, his eyes now looking down at you. You're used to looking up to him, you've just never seen him look at you like this before. "You could take care of daddy you know," he says.

"No Daddy, I gotta go to bed," you say hastily as you wrench your hand out of his. He holds onto it tightly but not so tight that you can't free it. You pull your hand free and turn around and walk away to your bedroom. As you walk away, you can feel dad's lustful eyes on you.

You get to your bedroom, it's only 7:30. Nowhere near bedtime. You get under the covers and decide to play with your phone until you can fall asleep.

A few hours pass and you're starting to finally feel sleepy. Just then you hear your door handle turn. The door opens and Dad is standing there. He's removed his shirt and is just in his sleep pants. He's standing there with a purpose, you can tell.

"Get up girl. It's time to come with me." He demands. You know that tone. He's not taking no for an answer. You're not sure what he wants, but you don't think he's going to do anything bad to you. At least you hope he isn't. You get out of bed, your long tee shirt falls down over your little girlie panties.

"What do you want daddy?" you say sheepishly.

"I said, come here. It's time for you to come with Daddy to his bedroom," he replies. His voice is still stern. He's clearly made up his mind.

"Yes, Daddy," you reply, hoping he doesn't want what you think he wants. You move to him and see his hand is held out. You take hold of it and he grips it like a vice. It almost hurts and you know you aren't breaking this grasp.

"Come on girl. You're going to do mom's job tonight," he says and pulls you forcefully out of your bedroom. You resist, pulling back with your hand and leaning away from him. He only pulls you harder. You can't win this fight and you know it.

"Wait daddy, what do you mean? I don't want to do mommy's job," you plead.

"Stop fighting me girl. Your daddy needs this. Just be quiet and come with me." He say and pulls you down the hall.

You're tearing up. You don't want to do this. This is wrong. Very wrong. You pull back hard. Dad grabs your arm with his other hand and removes his right hand and places it around the back of your neck. With his strong arms, he shoves you forward in front of him. You fall off balance and nearly hit the wall. He pounces on you, knocking you forward to the ground. You feel his weight on you. You're stuck. His hand is pushing your face into the carpet of the hall and you can barely breathe. He straddles your ass, his weight immobilizes your hips. He grabs your hair and roughly turns your head to the side. He leans over and says into your ear, "Look baby girl. This is going to happen. You're going to do mommy's job tonight. You can fight me and I can be rough and it's still going to happen, or you can be a good little girl and let daddy do his thing to you without fighting." He pushes down hard on your head to emphasize his point. "What's it going to be girl?"

"Ok," you sob, "I'll be good daddy. Please don't hurt me."

He lets your head up, still straddling your ass. He starts thrusting his pelvis back and forth over your ass crack. You suddenly feel a hard lump in between you and dad. It's his cock. It's surprisingly large and hard. You feel scared. Why is he doing this? Is he going to go all the way? Is he going to take his daughter? Can you handle this?

He shoves his bulge hard into your ass cheeks. You can barely move and you know there's no way you're getting away now. you're pinned, helpless.

He stops rubbing and gets up off of you. "Get up girl. We're going to my bedroom."

You lay there, afraid to move. "I said get UP!" He shouts as his hand slaps across your ass hard. "I'm not playing around girl!"

You do as you're told. Picking yourself up off the ground. You feel his hand wrap around your right wrist. He grabs hard and pushes you forward down the hall. You move slowly, trying to put together what is going on. Dad pushes you to his bedroom door. He opens it and shoves you inside. He follows you inside and closes the door behind him. He turns to face you. You stare at him, not knowing what to do.

"Remove your panties and get on the bed." he says. You don't move. It's clear that he intends to take you. You don't want to do this.

"You heard what I said girl! Get your panties off and get in the goddamn bed!" He shouts and pushes you backwards towards the bed to emphasize the point.

This time you don't hesitate. You quickly pull your panties off and jump in the bed. You pull the covers up over you, trying to hide yourself from dad. Dad grabs the bottom of the covers and with one incredibly strong pull, yanks them off of you. You are lying on your side in the fetal position trying not to look at dad. You see him pull his sleep pants down. His large cock is hanging down. You haven't seen it in forever, you forgot how big it is. Now it is starting to rise up, filling with blood as he looks at you, lust filling his eyes. You watch mesmerized as the big, beefy cock stands up. You aren't ready for this. You can't take that in your virgin pussy.

"Roll over on your back and spread your legs baby girl," he says almost tenderly. You have no intention of doing this. Dad moves quickly onto the bed. He pulls your legs to try to separate them. You're fighting him and wont let him. After a few seconds of this, dad tires of it and reaches up with his big hand and grabs a large section of your hair and pulls hard. "I said roll the fuck over and spread your legs bitch!"

You do as your told. Slowly you roll till you're on your back. Then you slowly open your legs, exposing your little pussy to your dad. You can see his large member standing straight up, it's aching to fill you. Daddy moves forward putting his arms on either side of you. He leans his pelvis down until you feel the large bulbous head of your dad's cock poke against your closed pussy. He stays in that position with his arms around you and his dick pushing up against the outside of your pussy for a few seconds then starts to push against you. You feel his cock pushing up against your pussy. It rubs up over your lips, forcefully sliding past your clit, then it slides back down to the entrance of your virgin hole. It stops there for a second; you wait for it to push in. You're dreading it. Then it slips up again, sliding forcefully over your pussy and clit before he lowers it back down to your pussy entrance. Again, he hesitates with it there and you wait for him to shove it in. You close your eyes, not wanting to look into Daddy's eyes. He tricks you again. His cock rides up over your pussy, slams past your clit and then goes back down to your entrance. He does this again and again.

You notice that your pussy is getting slippery. You're not getting wet so you have no idea why. Then it occurs to you what he's doing. He's pushing his hard cock up and down to spread his pre-cum on you. He's lubing you up whether you want it or not. "Please, I'll be a good girl, just please don't fuck me daddy."

"Shut up and look at me girl," he replies sternly. You open your eyes and look into his. You see purpose in those eyes, but not malice. "You relax and you may enjoy it. I'm going to fuck you baby girl. I can't take it anymore." With that, he starts to really push into your pussy hole. The pre-cum allows his big dick to slide into your entrance but it stops at your hymen. You instinctively try to close your legs and pull away from him. "Don't fucking move!" He shouts at you and resumes pushing into you. You do as you're told. You feel the huge head of daddy's cock pushing hard against your virginity, straining to break into it. After a few seconds of strain, dad pulls back. You hope that he is giving up and isn't going to fuck you.

"Thank you Daddy. I promise I'll be a good girl. Just please don't try to fuck me again," you sob. But when you move to get up, you quickly realize you were mistaken. His left hand forcefully pushes you back onto the bed. Dad repositions his hips to give him a better angle. You suddenly feel his throbbing cock head push its way right back into your pussy entrance. His cock is pushing hard against your virginity. You can feel it starting to slip in.

"Look at me girl." daddy says again. You open your eyes and look into daddy's intense stare. He's breathing very heavy as he pushes his cock into you harder. You bite your lip hard as daddy finally shoves the whole shaft past your hymen, tearing it. Your eyes are locked onto his as you feel your daddy's huge member forcing its way into your far-too little pussy. In one shove, your daddy forcefully takes your virginity. A smile crosses Dad's face as he takes you.

In one swift motion, your Dad's huge meat cleaves through your little hymen. His engorged cock spreads your poor, virgin pussy wide open. The sensation of having your little pussy completely filled with daddy's cock leaves you speechless. You can't speak. You're in shock. You simply stare dumbly into your dad's eyes as he stays perfectly still with his cock stretching your pussy walls wide open. You've never felt anything like this. Even though you're 18, you've never had a serious boyfriend. Your little pussy has never had anything but the occasional tampon inserted in it and now it is completely stuffed with man meat. Gasping for breath, you close your eyes.

"Open your eyes darling," dad instructs you. You do as you're told. You open your eyes to see him smiling down at you. You can see in his face that he is in hog heaven. After what feels like an eternity, daddy starts to pull his cock back out. He pulls it back a few inches then shoves it back in. The sensation is overwhelming as it cleaves back into you, but it's not entirely bad.

"No daddy! No Please! Get it out. Get it out!" you scream, the feeling is intense. Daddy puts his big right hand over your mouth and starts to jab his dick into you deeper. Again and again he pushes his dick all the way to the back of your pussy. It's getting completely filled.

"Oh God sweetie. Your pussy is so incredible. Dear God, I've never felt anything so amazing baby. I'm going to have to fuck you again. Jesus your pussy is tight!" he says as he starts really driving his cock into you. Over and over again his dick slides almost out and then slams forward, straight to the back of your pussy. He keeps his hand over your mouth, trying to silence your protest. You're trying to get him to stop, but he won't. He won't even let you talk. He has you pinned on the bed, afraid to move away.

You then make a bad choice. His hand over your mouth is the last straw. You open your mouth and chomp down on his hand as hard as you can.

"FUCK!" your dad shouts in a voice that paralyzes you. You hate that voice. He yanks his hand back from your mouth and stays there still, looking down angrily at you, his cock buried completely to the back of your pussy. "Don't ever fucking do that again!" he shouts. He slaps you across your face. It stings a bit, but it was nowhere near as hard as it could have been. "Do you understand me?!"

"Yes Daddy. I'm sorry Daddy," you reply.

"You need to be trained properly. Are you going to do that again?" he says as he raises his right hand up again. You know if you don't answer right, he's going to slap you again.

"No," you reply. He slaps you again, not as hard this time, but he slaps you again none-the-less.

"No WHAT?!" he shouts, raising his hand up again.

Thinking quickly and having learned your lesson, you reply, "No daddy, no."

"What do you want daddy to do?" dad asks. You can feel that he has absent mindedly started to stroke his cock back in and out of you again.

"I want daddy to fuck me," you say, hoping to not get hit again.

"What do you say?" he asks.

"Please?"

"Please what?" he demands.

"Please daddy, please fuck me," you reply quickly. Something is happening and you're starting to like it. Your pussy hurts, your face hurts, BUT something is happening in your pelvis. It almost feels like you're getting turned on. Sex is supposed to feel good you know, but not this. This is the worst thing that could ever happen to anyone and yet... You're starting to feel that warm feeling you sometimes get when you play with yourself. You've gotten yourself off a few times, rubbing on your clit and playing with your pussy. You know what that feels like and god damn if you aren't starting to feel that now. What the fuck is wrong with you? Your dad is taking you and you're getting turned on by it.

"Open your eyes sweetheart," daddy says. You closed your eyes at some point as you were trying to figure out what that feeling in your belly is. You quickly open them, not wanting to get slapped again. You see Dad's big strong arms, his hairy, muscled chest, his belly. You look down, you don't know why but something in you wants to see. You can see his abdomen pressed up hard against your crotch. You're well aware of where his big dick is. You can feel it stretching your pussy out. Daddy shifts his weight back more on his knees. His left hand moves down your side to your hips. He lifts up with his hand, trying to pick your butt off of the bed. "Lift your butt up off of the bed baby girl," he says, he's using his sweet voice now. You do as you're told. You put your feet down on the bed and lift your pelvis off of the bed. Dad's left-hand grips tight around your pelvis and he starts sawing his cock in and out of your pussy. You realize that in this position, daddy can somehow get even more of his meat in you than before. He starts really pounding into your little pussy. With each thrust, he pushes you back on the bed a bit. Shove, shove, shove. Your pussy is screaming from the assault, but that feeling that you are going to cum is back. You can feel the pleasure building behind the pain. After a minute of this, you have shifted backwards on the bed, making it hard for Daddy to keep fucking you like he wants. Dad stops fucking you for a second. He pulls his penis back until it is just barely in you anymore. You hate to admit it, but you were close. You kind of wanted him to keep going until you could cum. Dad leans forward a bit and wraps his right hand around the back of your neck. His left hand is still holding onto your hips like a vice. With his right hand, he bends you forward. He holds you in that position and starts really fucking you hard.

"Look at that baby doll. You can see my cock," daddy says.

You open your eyes and yes, you can see daddy's huge dick plowing in and out of your recently tiny pussy. The sight instantly brings back the feeling that you're going to cum. Daddy pounds away at your box and you can't stop looking at it. It's hypnotizing. You can feel the orgasm building up in you. "Fuck daddy," you say without meaning to. You bite your lip and ride out the most incredible orgasm you've ever had. "Fuck Daddy! Fuck me Daddy! Fuck Me Hard DADDY!" you scream as your orgasm intensifies. You can feel every vein, every curve of that huge meat. You can feel the big head shove it's way past your cervix, then immediately rip back over it. Again and again that cock drives your pussy up into your abdomen. It still fucking hurts, but the pain only intensifies your orgasm. You reach up with both hands and grab tight to your dad's big, muscled arms. "Fuck, I'm CUMMING DADDY! I'm CUMMING! You're making me cum Daddy!" You scream out in pain and pleasure. Daddy continues to pound you through your orgasm.
