 Driving along the interstate, Donna tuned her radio for the tenth time, looking for some entertainment to get her mind off of the remaining hours of tedium. To be honest, to get it off of the fact that she was taking her son away to college as well.

She took a look at the boy sleeping beside her in the BMW. He really wasn't a boy anymore at all, he'd grown into a fine-looking young man. Brad was 19, and he had put some muscle onto his lean 6' frame in the last year. His beard had thickened, though he rarely grew it longer than a stubble, and his gangly appearance had settled into a confident athletic build.

Although they were hidden in his sleep, his most striking features were his piercing blue eyes, and his dazzling smile, which brought out faint dimples. These features he had inherited from her, Donna was blessed with the same, she was a natural beauty. She enjoyed watching him around girls his age, as they were almost all enamored of him, and even some of the moms had a hard time keeping their eyes off of him when he wasn't looking.

She sighed and turned back to the radio. She was going to miss him a lot more than he'd miss her in their first year apart.

Donna found a talk radio station; some psychobabble call-in show was on. "Family relationships with Dr. Susan."

"This might pass some time," she thought, as the scenery flew by.

The caller was a woman, upset by the relationship between her sister-in-law and her nephew. She considered it inappropriate and wanted the doctor to agree that she should confront her brother about it.

"Now, what do you consider inappropriate?" asked the psychologist.

"Well, at Thanksgiving, they went to get some groceries. They were gone for a while, and when they came back, my sister-in-law immediately went up to shower. I noticed that her blouse was rumpled, and she had a little pine straw in her hair. Later, when I was in the bathroom, I noticed that her panties were in the trash bin, and they were torn open and just soaked with semen!"

"So, you were inspecting her panties?"

"Well, that's not the only time. Once when I was visiting them at home and my brother was away, I saw him sneak out of her bedroom early in the morning, he was naked, and he had lipstick smeared on his face. His penis was dripping semen! And later, he walked up and stroked my rear end as I was washing dishes. Before I could turn around, he had his hands on my breasts and was kissing my neck! I look very much like my sister-in-law from behind, but when he saw that it was me, he tried to pretend that he was joking around, but I had felt his erection between my cheeks! Now my son never does those things with me!"

"So, Teresa, how did you feel when your nephew began to touch you sexually? Were you excited?"

"Well, really I was just surprised, and..."

"And?"

"Well, my neck is very sensitive. So, when he kissed it, and pinched my nipples, I guess I kind of responded, a little."

"Responded?"

"Um, well, I kind of leaned back into him, but I didn't know who it was!"

"So, you leaned back into a man's erection while he fondled you, and you didn't know it was your nephew, you didn't know who it was at all?"

"No! He called me 'Mommy'!" She stopped cold; this wasn't sounding like she'd meant it.

"Now, Teresa, we need to talk about this. When you realized that it was your nephew and not your son who was pinching your nipples and rubbing his erection against your ass, were you disappointed?"

"Well I was... I mean no! You're turning my words around! It's not right that my nephew is doing these things to his mother!"

"So, he's sexually attracted to his mother. Could it be that you're jealous that your son isn't attracted to you in the same manner?"

"Yes he is!" she retorted. "My son..." Caught again, she went silent.

"Your son what? Go on Teresa, nothing to be ashamed about, this is all just relationship issues that we're addressing."

"Well, I know that my son is sexually attracted to me, but I have never allowed him to act on it."

"And you know how?"

"I've found his computer on some pretty graphic pornography sites that focus on boys and their mothers having sex. I know that he peeks at me in the bathroom; both of our rooms share one bath, and it's not hard to see through the gaps in the doors. And last week I walked into his room to get laundry, and I found a pair of my panties under his bed. They were a mess, they had semen smeared all over them."

"Just to be sure, the next day I wore a pair of very skimpy panties and left them on top of the clothes in the hamper after work. He took them into his room, and I watched him smell them and then masturbate into them. He was looking at his computer with a video of a son licking his mother's vagina."

"So, Teresa, here's the question that you need to answer. How did you feel..." 

The caller tried to interrupt, but the doctor continued, "Listen to me and answer truthfully, how did you feel, physically, finding that your son fantasized about you sexually?"

There was silence, then she meekly answered, "excited."

"You purposely left a pair of sexy panties, wet panties, for your son to find. You purposely watched him masturbate with your panties, to your scent. You were sexually stimulated. You were excited, your vagina was wet, your heart was pounding, you felt flushed, and your nipples were engorged, weren't they?"

"yes"

And you masturbated. You masturbated fantasizing about making love with your son."

"Yes, I did," she whispered.

The doctor was speaking in a low tone now, hypnotic, delving deep into the woman's psyche. "What else did you do?"

"I wore the panties."

"You wore the panties?"

"I waited until he fell asleep, and I took the panties with his cum in them, and I wore them."

Donna realized that she was holding her breath, and she was starting to lubricate into her own panties. This was better than porn!

The doctor's continued on to recommend that the woman consider seeing a therapist, but then she shocked Donna with her next comment, "You know, Teresa, incest isn't the high crime that it's been cranked up to be. Many of us are attracted to our sons, and in many cases a situation will come up where we may act on it. It can be a very loving and very natural and nurturing relationship between a mother and her young son, and it may set a good basis for future caring and loving sexual relationships."

"Doctor, you said 'us', are you saying..."

Now the doctor was the one backed into a corner, and she hesitantly admitted to having a tryst with her own son during a camping trip when he was 20. They'd been trapped in a tent for a day due to heavy rain, and he had convinced her to smoke some pot, then a game of cards had turned into strip poker. She wasn't sure how, there was a dare involved, but she had ended up on all fours with her son licking her from behind, and ultimately had felt him slide his cock inside her. But, though somewhat embarrassed to be admitting it on the air, she had no regrets about the 3 days of adventurous sex with her son that had followed, in the tent and in the outdoors in those woods. They had made love with their hands, mouths and, well, had made love over and over. She had allowed him to ejaculate in her each time without a condom, something he'd never experienced before; skin on skin lovemaking.

She felt that she'd been given an opportunity to teach and share a wealth of information with her son, grown incredibly close to him, as well as enjoyed unbridled passion with a young virile man. And, to this day, they would still find opportunities to be alone occasionally, away from her husband and his wife, and enjoy passionate intimate lovemaking.

Donna was breathless, and unexpectedly turned on. Jesus, had she really heard that? How could a tale of incest arouse her like this? She glanced towards her son, and gasped. He was awake, and had obviously heard at least some of the story, his mouth gaped open and his eyes were wide. He looked at his mother, and when his eyes dropped, she realized that he was looking at her breasts. She looked down, her nipples were engorged, her thin bra and sundress unable to disguise their condition. She moved her arm to cover them. Then, to make things more awkward, she saw him move his hand in his lap, unconsciously adjusting his erection.

As the radio doctor continued to talk about the love between a mother and son, Donna quickly switched the station, uncomfortably commenting, "the things you hear on the radio these days!" But as Brad looked out the window, she found herself again taking note of the bulge in his jeans, which he tried to disguise with his arm. It seemed to have subsided, she thought, then chastised herself. That was her son! But over the following two hours in the car, in the breaks in conversation, her mind wandered back to the image of the mother in the tent, on all fours, being licked and fucked by her son.

When Brad fell asleep again, not only did his erection return, she could see it move, and after a while a small wet spot appeared in his workout shorts. "He must be seeping pre-cum", she thought, and if he could have seen her panties, he'd see similar evidence of her arousal. She imagined slipping her hand slowly down inside the waistband of his shorts, feeling the slippery juices for herself. Sneaking a taste of his cream.

Careful to watch him for wakefulness, she even slid her hand up her dress and checked herself, finding her panties slick with it. She snuck her wet fingers out and, having a moment of insanity, waved them under her son's nose. She gasped as his erection surged immediately against his shorts, and his reaction had an immediate effect on her pussy. She fought the urge that came over her to smear her juice on his lips, realizing that she was really losing it over the story she'd heard.

The rest of the drive couldn't go fast enough, she was eagerly anticipating a little alone time with the little electric travel companion in her suitcase. She might be sharing a room with Brad, but he could be counted on for a good long time in the bathroom showering before bed, she wouldn't need long! But they still had a drive, as well as dinner to get through.

Unbeknownst to Donna, a similar scenario was playing out in a car just ten minutes behind them.

Taking the exit for the college, Donna told her son to pick a restaurant. There were plenty to choose from, and shortly they were seated in a small family diner waiting to order. 

The door opened, and in a small-world coincidence in walked Greg Taylor, a teammate of Brad's on his school lacrosse team, with his mother Cindy. Greg was the biggest kid on the team, he stood a 6'3" and was solid and fit. He had his dad's chiseled features, thick brown hair and classic good looks.

Cindy was a petite blonde, with deep brown eyes beneath thin shaped eyebrows. She wore her hair in a plain short retro bob, and very little makeup and, though she dressed conservatively, she obviously had a trim body. Her ass was firm and round, and her waist was tiny. She was one of the quietest moms on the team, she wasn't unfriendly, just very reserved.

Donna smiled at them, and they immediately headed over to the table. Greg turned to see them approach, and leapt to his feet, giving hugs to both, and inviting them to join him and his mom.

"See, Mom, I told you that was Mrs. Devine's car!" Greg laughed. "The Marshall lacrosse sticker gave it away."

In no time the four were enjoying dinner, as well as each other's company. The boys had been close for years and were looking forward to the college lacrosse tryouts. Greg was on scholarship but had plans to get his buddy on the field with him on the varsity team.

"Where are you staying, Cindy?" asked Donna. 

"We're at the Garden Inn," she replied, "how about you?"

"We haven't decided yet," she breezily replied.

"Donna, it's move-in weekend! You need to get on it, girlfriend!"

"Oh, you think it might be tough to get one tonight?"

Greg chimed in, "I know a couple of guys were really having a hard time, Mikey is staying at the Stay Inn, a real fleabag."

"Uh oh," Brad moaned. "I should have looked sooner." He ran out to grab his tablet and started the search. "Mom, this is not looking good," he reported after five minutes of looking. "I can't find anything!"

"Well, how about that town we passed, Milton? Anything there?" 

"All I see is a one-star, with one-star reviews. Sounds disgusting."

Donna started to panic a little. Her plan to get vibrator time in was forgotten, they needed some luck on this one, just to find a habitable room. And the lucky meeting worked in their favor.

"Hey Mom, they can stay with us, right?" Greg queried Cindy.

Her immediate reaction was, "Of course!" but then she looked unsure. "I know we have 2 beds, but I don't think they're kings, they may even be doubles."

But seeing the disappointment in her son, and the apprehension in Donna and Brad, she smiled and said brightly, "You know, we'll make it work. Maybe we have a couch or can get some cots rolled in."

"Are you sure, Cindy? We really don't want to make you uncomfortable, and if it doesn't work, we'll be right out of there."

"Of course I'm sure, Donna! You've put up this monster so many times during travel ball, we owe you."

So it was settled, and they followed the Taylors to the hotel. But on check-in they were dismayed to find that their room indeed had two small double beds, and no couches or cots were available. Entering the room, the four stopped in their tracks. "Oh, Cindy. I don't know if this will work at all. I don't want to sound like a martyr, but we really don't mind sleeping in the car, do we Brad?"

"Don't be silly," Cindy admonished. This will work, we'll just have to get cozy tonight. Now, how are we going to do this?" she mused.

"Well, the boys can share a bed, they've done that enough times over the years," Donna began.

"I don't know, look at these beds. They're pretty small."

"Sure, Mom. We'll be ok," Greg told her.

"Hmm, ok, prove it," she smiled, pointing at the bed. The boys looked at each other and laughed, then Greg tackled Brad onto the mattress. They tried to lay side by side on their backs, but they were obviously not going to fit.

"No problem, Greg doesn't mind sleeping with his Mommy, do you?" Cindy asked in a joking baby-talk voice. Immediately, both mothers flashed back to a radio show from hours earlier and felt a tingle between their legs. Their sons had a similar reaction, a stirring in their groins from the sordid tales they'd all heard.

"Not a bit," he answered sincerely. A little quicker than Brad would have for her, Donna thought.

"Ok, settled. The boys sleep with their moms." Cindy said it matter-of-factly, but four hearts pounded just a little.

The bathroom got busy as they took turns preparing for bed. Donna went first and realized that she had only packed a negligee for sleepwear. While it wasn't Fredericks of Hollywood, it was a silky white above-the-knee nightie that accentuated her curves. Her full 34 D breasts hung heavy in the cups, and the fabric felt incredibly smooth as it slid across her ass. She knew that she'd need to wear her panties underneath, though their leopard print showed faintly through.

Brushing her teeth and hair, she glanced ruefully at the silver vibrator in her makeup bag, feeling the urge from the afternoon reappear. She took it out, and sighed, then gave it a quick rub against her panties. Feeling daring, she ran the water to disguise the noise and flicked it on. The excited mother sat on the toilet lid and propped one leg on the tub, pulled her nightie up and the panties aside and began to tease her pussy. She parted the thick thatch of brown hair, discovering the slippery wet lips bright pink in anticipation, but the smell of her arousal was so distinct that she quit immediately. She couldn't leave that evidence in here. She sprayed on a little cologne, then a little more into the air to hide her scent. She even contemplated making a quick trip out to the car to "grab something", but since she was already dressed for bed...

When Donna exited the bathroom, Greg was eagerly waiting. His knees were literally held together, he had to piss so bad. Donna laughed, "Oh Greg, I'm sorry. I should have let you go first!" But as bad as he had to go, he froze as his friend's mom made way for him to enter. His jaw literally dropped as he took in the sexy blonde in her negligee.

As the door closed, she realized that her son was not in the room. Cindy explained that he'd decided to use the lobby bathroom, he'd get his shower in the morning. Donna felt a little self-conscious in the sexy nightie, worried about what Cindy might think, she explained that she expected a private room when she packed.

"Oh no, that's ok Donna!" Cindy replied. "They're our sons, they won't even notice their old moms. Heck, I bet we could sleep naked and they wouldn't bat an eye."

Donna was not only sure that they would definitely notice, she was pretty sure that their cocks would take notice as well. And she was surprised to hear this from Cindy, who she always thought to be very conservative. 

She was even more surprised at the next thing said. "As a matter of fact," Cindy held up her own sleeping garment. Donna was almost shocked. It was a pink silk nightie, even shorter than her own. "I know I dress kind of frumpy, but we're pretty relaxed at home. We're family, we think nothing of walking around in our undies, and I think we all still sleep in the nude. I like to wear very feminine things, like teddies, and my panty collection is my favorite indulgence."

"And," she confided, "I'm pretty sure my son enjoys them even more than I do, if you know what I mean! I'm sure Brad is no stranger to your dirty undies either, I think all healthy teenage boys discover sexuality through their moms a little."

Donna had nothing to say to this, she was just completely stunned. She thought about the times she had washed her own panties, feeling them sticky with phantom wads of cum. She'd always supposed that it was just a normal thing, for boys to explore whatever sexual stimulation available, but had never spoken of it.

Meanwhile, in the bathroom, Greg was looking in the mirror at his huge erection. He attributed it to Donna dressed in that amazing nightie, those magnificent breasts, but his general teen horniness was being stoked subconsciously by the pheromones floating in the bathroom air from between Donna's open legs, as well as her seductive perfume. And in the back of his mind was the fact that he'd be sleeping in that little bed with his mom. 

As he began to stroke himself, wishing he could share the small bed with Donna instead of his mom, there was a sharp knock at the door. "Are you decent?" Cindy asked as she began to open the door. 

"Hang on, Mom!" he shouted, sticking his foot against the door. His erection wilted in surprise; his mom almost caught him red-handed. He pulled on his shorts and t-shirt and exited the room. Cindy gave him a smile and patted his ass as they traded places.

Now alone in the room with his buddy's mom, there was an awkward silence. "You look really nice, Mrs. Devine," he said without thinking, as he took in her curves in the nightie, then instantly flushed as he realized how inappropriate it might be.

"Well thank you Greg," Donna laughed. He decided to climb into bed and turned on the tv for distraction. She took a glance at the building bulge in his shorts as he turned, his cock hung down his thigh, and from the shadow it created in his shorts she could easily see that he was hung like a horse. "What's the matter with you today?" she asked herself.

An old Brady Bunch sitcom was on, and Greg pretended to watch it, but couldn't take his eyes off of his buddy's mom, noting the skimpy leopard panties under her sheer nightwear. What he'd give to nuzzle up between those thighs. Or even get a chance to get a sample of her panties.
