 Son's Point of View

Professor Flores stared daggers at me as she sat behind her desk. She was known for being the toughest professor on campus. Unfortunately, I needed her approval on my application to spend a semester in Spain. It had been a dream of mine to study in Barcelona, since our family is from that region. 

The professor sharpened her gaze through her thick framed glasses. It was intimidating for sure. But what was surprising was that she was actually pretty hot. She was in her 40's, and if she smiled a little more (well, a lot more), then guys would be fawning all over her.

Instead, she was blatantly under-fucked and seemingly had a chip on her shoulder. Based on the gossip around campus, Professor Flores loved to target male students, and in a bad way. Apparently she grades male students much tougher. It was as if she only wanted female students for the study-abroad program!

"Chris, your work is unsatisfactory," Professor Flores said coldly. "This level of work may be acceptable at a community college. But does this entitle you to a coveted spot overseas? You are dreaming."

She was driving me crazy because I had been working so hard. My Spanish speaking skills were equal to those of the other students in my class. It was weird, but when she frowned at me, it only made her look sexier. I was sure that was accidental. There's no way a cold-blooded woman like her could ever be interested in sex.

I pleaded, "I'm doing the best I can. Honestly, we've all been studying Spanish together, and our speaking skills seem to be at the same level..."

"Enough," she said, cutting me off. "I will not have you questioning my grading methods. For the record, if your Spanish was as good as the other students, you wouldn't be sitting in my office."

I swallowed my pride. "You're right."

"I'm glad you finally agree. Now stand up straight. Try it again, but be ready. There will be no more free passes, young man."

Taking this abuse was agony. I had never received a grade below a C in my life. For a moment, I actually considered dropping the class.

But I really wanted to study in Barcelona and needed a C in order to be eligible. The professor handed me another paper with sentences written in Spanish. Only this time, the words and phrases were even harder.

I did my best to read it aloud and I only got about half right. She cringed as I struggled to speak the words.

Professor Flores shook her head. "May I suggest a tutor?"

"I'll try to find someone," I said in defeat.

"Chris, there are plenty of competent Spanish speakers on campus. I suggest you find someone fast. And if you really want to study in Spain, you better try something drastic."

Luckily, I had someone in mind. My Mother is proud of her Spanish cultural roots, though she was born in America. Not only is she fluent in Spanish, she's also a professor at this same university. My Mother teaches European History. As a teacher (who gets GREAT reviews from the majority of her students), she would surely be able to help me with this.

What's the worst that could happen?

Mom's Perspective

Elana laid in bed next to her husband, staring at the ceiling. Just as her husband finished his nightly reading and was about to turn the light off, she stopped him. He had a flight to catch tomorrow, but there were important things on Elana's mind.

"Can you believe it?" Elana fumed. "Our son has stellar grades! He deserves to go on that trip to Spain. At any other institution, they'd be begging him to go. He's a great representative of America."

"I'm sure it'll get worked out," her husband replied, ready to sleep. "There's still time, right?"

"Yes, but still. That's not the point."

"Then what is the point?" he asked.

Elana seethed. "That teacher is giving Chris a hard time on purpose! His Spanish is at a level where he should make it into that program! But she's holding him to a much higher standard, clearly."

"What makes you think that?"

"Believe me, faculty members talk," she explained. "I've heard about Professor Flores before. To be perfectly honest, she's a cunt."

"Are the claws coming out?" he asked.

"I'm too old and dignified for that. Still, this is a travesty. If Chris can't have a semester in Spain because of a professor's personal bias, it would really be unfortunate. Just think of all the amazing opportunities he'd miss."

"I know. I know. Look on the bright side. If it doesn't work out, we could always take another family trip to the region. It would be fun, like old times."

"That's not the same," Elana complained. "Studying abroad opens up all sorts of doors. It's an amazing experience."

"So you'll be tutoring him?"

She nodded. "I've never had to teach anyone Spanish before, but I know I can do it. He already understands it when I speak to him. I just need to help his pronunciation."

"Can you help him in a short amount of time? He only has a week, right?"

"It's doable. Chris already has a solid base. With the right discipline and work ethic, he'll be ready."

"How about your mouth?" he asked suggestively. "It's a great motivator." 

Elana looked confused. "You mean yell at him? I don't want to be as bitchy as his teacher."

"You know what I mean. Your magic tongue. The one that always helps me prepare for big meetings or presentations."

She gasped. It was a shocking thought and Elana stared at her husband to gauge his mood. After a few painfully long seconds, she was certain that her husband was serious.

"With our Chris?" she asked.

"He's a young man now."

"He's also our son."

"Come on," he replied. "You know how much my mother helped me with my engineering degree. I owe everything to her."

Elana blushed. She always loved hearing about her husband's past sexual relationship with his mother. It excited her to know he had done something so completely taboo. Every so often, she'd pry her husband for more details as they made love. It always spiced up their relationship. 

Even after all these years, hearing about his incestuous acts made her blush and soak her panties. However, regardless of her own personal feelings on the topic, this was her son!

"Men aren't all the same," she said. "Just because you liked doing that with your mother, doesn't mean Chris will."

"How do you know?"

"Maternal instinct."

"So you know what goes on his mind?" he asked, amused. "Because if you think you know what men like, or don't like, you're mistaken."

Elana paused at the notion that her son would be open to such a taboo act. Even more shocking was the idea that she would consider using sex as a motivator. In all her years as a mother, the thought had never occurred to her. 

"Suppose he's interested," she asked hesitantly. "You'd be okay with that? You wouldn't be jealous?"

"Obviously you're not going to divorce me for our son. If anything, it could make our marriage stronger. Think of how turned-on you will be."

She smiled suggestively. "Even after all these years, you're still enamored with memories of your mother."

"Absolutely. She's made me the man that I am today. And I think it's only fair that you do the same with our son. Mothers really do have a profound impact, you know."

"I'll have to think about it," she replied. "But if I do it -- and that's a big if -- then it'll be under strict terms. I'm his mother and certain boundaries need to remain intact."

He smiled, "That's how it always starts."

"You think it'll go further?" she smiled back.

"I'm just saying, once these things start, it's difficult to stop. All that matters is that Chris succeeds in whatever he's doing, and that you're happy as well."

"Well, I'm happy with you, and I'll miss you while you're gone."

Elana turned the lights off and giggled as she kissed him all over.

***

After dropping off her husband at the airport, she returned home with a sense of resolve. All morning she had been conflicted. Surprisingly, her husband hadn't mentioned their conversation from the previous night. She figured that he was letting her make her own decision on the matter. 

It was a Saturday morning and Chris had just returned from a study group. Finals were coming up and her son maintained a strict study schedule for his rigorous courses.

She saw Chris's car as she pulled into the driveway. For several moments, she sat there with the engine turned off. As a mother, she took her responsibilities seriously. She owed him a good future.

With her mind made up, she entered the family home. Chris had just finished changing his clothes and they engaged in their usual banter.

"We'll be home alone for the next few days," she said, lingering by her son's doorway.

"More chores?" he joked. "I'm kinda busy these days."

Elana flashed him an 'if you only knew...' expression.

"You're about to become busier," she said. "Sill need tutoring for Spanish?"     

"It's a nice offer, but I think I've peaked."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"Think about weight lifting or running," he explained. "A person can only improve so much in a given period of time. I've studied like crazy and still bombed because of the professor's ludicrous standards."

"You're giving up?"

He thought for a moment. "I have another appointment next week. Honestly, she just keeps raising the bar for me. What's the point?"

"What if there was a technique that might push you harder?"

"I've tried them all. The people I study with are super smart."

"How about other methods?" Elana asked. "Something fresh. Something that will reward your positive actions."

"Mom, I'm not a dog," he joked.

"I know. You're a young man. And young, strapping men like yourself have certain needs to be met."

Chris looked puzzled. "What are you suggesting?"

"Look, I'll just be blunt," she sighed.

"Okay."

"Your dad knows about this, so don't worry about him. In fact, it was his idea. He wants me to do this with you because it works.'

"What is it? Money?"

"My tongue," she forced herself to say.

"Your tongue? I told you already, I'm not a dog."

Elana giggled. "What do all men want from a woman's mouth?"

There was a short moment of silence between them as Chris wondered if this was some bizarre joke.

"Really?" he asked.

"Well, to a certain extent. I won't outright suck you off."

"Whoa, whoa, mom! What's going on here?"

"I've made myself clear," Elana said. "If I see improvements in your Spanish, I'll use my tongue to make you feel good. It's that simple."

Still, her son seemed skeptical. Admittedly, it was an unusual offer. Mothers don't normally do things of this nature, but Elana would do anything for her son.

"And dad knows about this?" he asked, cautiously.

"This is your father's idea. I won't go into all the details, but we'll never speak of it openly. It would make for awkward dinner conversations."

"So if we do something, whatever it is, don't tell him?"

"I'll tell him. But I don't want you going around the house talking about it."

"I get why you'd feel that way," Chris acknowledged. 

"Does this mean you're interested?"

There was a moment of hesitation, as if Chris was assessing whether or not this was a hoax. 

"How would this work?" he asked. "I mean... you're really going to..."

She nodded. "Oral favors. Small kisses. Licks."

"Where?"

Elana felt a twinge of excitement as she watched her son come to life. Why on earth was she enjoying this so much? She could understand why Chris would like it. But as a mother, these feelings were definitely inappropriate.

"Your face," she said. "Around your lips. Maybe kisses. If you greatly improve, then---"

"Where?"

She gulped. "I'd be okay with licking around your crotch area. Something titillating. I will not suck your dick, though. That's off the table."

There were stars in his eyes and Elana strangely felt proud, because unlike other moms, she was willing to do whatever it took to help her son succeed.

"Would you be mad if I accepted your proposition?" he asked hesitantly.

"Why would I be mad?"

"You know, if you're kissing down there, my body might react."

She blushed. "You mean a hard-on? You can speak to me like an adult. And yes, I'm okay with that. Frankly, I'd be disappointed if you remained soft."

"Then I accept your offer for tutoring," he smiled.

She winked. "I'll be your teacher."

Elana could practically feel her pussy twitching.

*** 

After a quick review of advanced material, Chris was ready, and so was Elana. They decided to work in Chris's room where he'd be most comfortable. It was time to begin.

"We'll start with something easy," she said. "Remember, when speaking Spanish, the words need to roll off your tongue. It helps you pronounce things more accurately."

Just like Professor Flores, she handed her son a paper with a typed paragraph. Except this was a bit more reasonable.

As she watched her son review the words, Elana felt a growing sense of anticipation, realizing she'd soon have to use her tongue in a sexual way Initially, she felt a sense of panic and regret. When she saw Chris's confidence, her regret turned to excitement. She actually looked forward to giving him a reward!

Chris recited the words with decent proficiency. He spoke at a reasonable pace and made sure to accentuate the rights vowels and syllables.

"That was pretty good," Elana noted. "I'd pass you, to be honest."

"Thanks, mom. As you can see, Professor Flores is really, really strict. Allegedly she grades male students harder than female students."

"You can go ahead and say it. Professor Flores is a cunt. Every faculty member thinks so."

He laughed. "Too bad, since she's super hot."

"You think your bitchy teacher is hot?" Elana asked, shocked. 

He tensed. "No, I mean, nevermind."

Instantly, Elana wondered if any of her own students found her attractive. A lot of male students came to her office hours on a regular basis. Had she missed some cues? Certainly, she was better looking than Professor Flores! Sitting up a bit straighter, she swiveled her hips and arched her back ever so slightly, accentuating her ample cleavage. If Chris noticed, he didn't let on.

Coming back to the task at hand, she shook her head. "Men, you want to screw anything, even a woman who's trying to deny you a trip to study in Spain."

"What? Women aren't attracted to the wrong guys?"

"A reasonable point," she acknowledged. "And to be fair, Professor Flores is sort of attractive. Ironic, isn't it? If she wasn't such an Ice Queen, she'd be a serious catch."

"100%"

Elana remained peeved that her son lusted after a teacher who was causing their family so much grief. But, boys will be boys, she thought.

Feeling petty and jealous, Elana handed Chris a more difficult sheet to read.

"This is more in line with what you'll be getting," she said. "Remember, let the words roll off your tongue."

Chris gulped as he scanned the page. Then he began. It was more advanced, and as expected, he spoke haltingly and with many errors.

"No, no," she said. "The words aren't rolling off your tongue. You aren't pronouncing the words properly."

"Okay, got it. I'm trying."

"Here, I think it's time I give you some extra motivation."

Elana got on her knees, right between the legs of her stunned son.

"Are you sure?" he asked, looking down at her.

She nodded with resolve. "Pull down your shorts. I'm serious."

"Just remember, this was your idea."

Chris pulled down his shorts and Elana was left in the awkward position of staring at her son's rather healthy sized bulge. Was it always this size? Or was he actually aroused? 

Curling her fingers into the waistband of her son's underwear, she pulled it up, almost giving him a wedgie. But there was a reason; it was to expose the sides of his crotch, without revealing his cock.

She looked up into her son's dazed eyes. "Well, what are you waiting for? You won't get your incentives until you start working."

"Oh, right," he said, clearing his throat so he could read and speak Spanish beautifully.

Elana watched intently as her son looked over the paragraph. She loved that he seemed distracted by her sitting so close to his crotch. She inched forward until her face was nearly touching his underwear. Perhaps this would give him proper motivation, or would it make him more nervous?

The first sentence went far better than the last attempt and she almost noticed his cock swell through his underwear. Was he expecting to have his dick sucked as a reward? Regardless, he did deserve a reward for this, she thought. She licked up the right side of his groin. 

Elana alternated between long, slow licks, and short quick laps. From Chris's sharp intake of air, she could tell that he had never been licked like this. It was satisfying to show her son why a lot of men found older women sexually exciting. Against her cheek, she felt his dick grow to full strength.

To Elana's amazement, Chris tackled the second sentence with ease. Maybe there was something to this method? The assignment was finished with everything pronounced more smoothly, thanks to her tongue action. She rewarded him by blowing cool air on the skin she had just licked. She enjoyed watching goosebumps appear and noticed his hips bucking a bit.

Elana's shifted her head to the other side and latched her plump lips onto his skin. As she began to suck on the delicate flesh, she felt her son rumble his pleasure. Her lips released and she began to gently nip on the left, before moving back to the right. She hummed while performing her duty. 

Stopping abruptly, she looked in his eyes.

"Great job, babe," she winked at him, then giving more kisses to his skin. 

Rising, she ruffled his hair with her hand and left the room. For a moment, she felt guilty about leaving him high and dry, but it really wouldn't be proper for a mother to suck her son's dick. Would it?

Son's Point of View

It was the big day and my last chance to impress the professor. I had just finished breakfast and Mom seemed nervous about my meeting.

Mom was usually dressed before coming downstairs for the day, but today she wore a silk robe. I wondered if she was naked underneath. Given all that had transpired between us, it was a real possibility. After all, Dad wouldn't be home for a few more days. 

"Don't be intimidated," she reminded, joining me at the table after pouring herself a fresh cup of coffee. "If your voice sounds shaky, your diction will suffer."

"Have you ever seen Professor Flores glare at people? It's intimidating. But you've trained me very well. My nerves are like steel after all this."

She smiled, "That's my boy."

"And I've been properly incentivized too," I joked. "I was hoping we could, you know, continue someday. I have tough classes next semester and some of your, uh, teaching methods could be useful. If you're interested...."

Mom's eyebrows raised and I wondered if I had just made a huge mistake. She seemed to mull it over and gave it serious consideration.

"I'll give you a blowjob if you pass," she said firmly.

My jaw nearly dropped. "You mean..."

"Yep, we'll go all the way, orally speaking. Since you were respectful, I'll be willing to help once in a while. I admit, I enjoyed it. What can I say?"

"We make a great team."

She winked. "We do. I'll have a lot to explain to your father when he comes back. Until then, it's just the two of us."

Mom stepped forward, grabbed my shirt and pulled me close. It was the first time our lips met since I was little. It was a hard, lip-smacking kiss. Then her magic tongue worked its way into my mouth. My mother's tongue is truly impressive and I had never been so excited in my life. Her mouth pulled away.

She glared sharply at me. "Remember, only Professor Flores stands between you and an epic blowjob. Have a good day, sweetie."
