 "Oh my God," I muttered as I slowly sat up in my bed. The room refused to stay still and the vague but constant pounding in my head reminded me of the bottle of wine I'd had last night. Or was it bottles? 

"Never again," I promised as I slowly made my way out of bed, feeling there was something important I ought to remember but not quite sure what it was... 

My wife was still at the conference halfway across the country, so it wasn't something concerning her. And I'd just had a quiet evening in with my mother-in-law, Molly. As I slowly got up and made my way to the bathroom, bits and pieces came back to me. The flirtatious way, we'd talked and laughed. Her constantly keeping my glass full. That tight silk-blouse that beckoned my eyes to her more than generous bust. Her warm eyes that seemed to caress me whenever she looked at me. 

As I splashed cold water in my face, a new image struck me: Me holding her warm, soft body against mine, her wonderfully sweet lips meeting my own in a long, intense, soul-warming kiss. 

"My God!" I exclaimed and stared at myself in the mirror. What the hell had happened?! Had I kissed Molly? "What the..." I began when something struck me and I hurried back to the bedroom, headache and grogginess completely forgotten. I was wide awake as I stepped back into the room I'd shared with my wife for the last five years and saw the rumbled bed. My side was naturally in a complete disarray - the proof of a night's tossing and turning after too much alcohol - but so was Christie's! My wife was a dutiful woman, and she'd most certainly not left her bed in such a chaotic state. 

"Wait..." I muttered, more and more worried as the unmade bed sparked yet another image: Molly on all fours, grasping the sheet, her neck and back arched beautifully as she cried out in agonizing bliss. 

And me? I was... I was behind her, holding her softly rounded hips while I... 

"Fuck!" I gasped. It had happened. I'd cheated on my wife. With her mother. 

Dear Lord, I was scum. 

-- 

She was setting the table when I staggered down the stairs. Despite my noisy entrance, she didn't notice me at first, just went about her business of preparing the morning meal while gently humming to herself. 

Humming? How the hell could she be humming after we'd... well, okay, maybe that was a good reason to hum, but still! She'd betrayed her own daughter! I'd betrayed her daughter. What was wrong with us? 

"Oh hey, Rick," she smiled when she finally noticed me. Her smile was brilliant - gone was the gloomy woman that had lived with us for the past two months since her rat of a husband had traded her in for a younger model. Younger, but far from prettier... guess some men really need to convince themselves they aren't getting older. She'd put on make-up - just like last night - and it made her ten years younger and extremely attractive. Or maybe it was just the way she smiled and walked and just radiated happiness. 

She was wearing a thin, purple silk-shirt - how did I know it was thin? I could see her darker bra through the flimsy material. She'd buttoned juuust enough buttons to make it respectable, but too few to hide the wonderful cleavage that immediately drew my eyes. 

The grey skirt reached a little higher than her knees but despite its respectable length, it would have been a great deal more appropriate if it hadn't clung to her every curve. Her dark stockings made me think about the ones she'd worn last night with that sexy, little garter-belt. It'd been like something out of a wet dream - I mean, what kind of women wear garter-belts? Only the sexy ones... 

Ehm..." I muttered, my tongue suddenly feeling too big for my mouth - and not just because of the wine from last night, "I..." 

"Come! Sit down. I made you breakfast," she smiled, grabbed my hand and led me to the chair. Her hand was cool and soft, and it felt like a small spark of electricity went through me where she touched me. I was so busy with the strangely erotic feeling of her hand that I didn't notice that she'd seated me at the head of the table. Normally, my wife and I sat next to each other on the bench next to the wall and Molly across from us, but today I sat at the head... like a king, or at the least the head of the family. 

"Listen, Molly," I tried again, doing my best to summon up a little resistance but most of my willpower went to not looking down her blouse. Her boobs were so big and tempting, and my blurred memory kept feeding images of me touching them, groping them, kissing them... biting them! 

"I didn't know what you wanted, so I made eggs and bacon, and a few sandwiches. And cereal, of course," she rambled, standing right next to me, bent over slightly, her big, wonderful tits right at eye-level. While one hand gestured to the various items of food she'd prepared, the other was casually caressing my back in a much too intimate way. It was the way a lover would touch her man, or the way Christie touched me. My mother-in-law shouldn't touch me like that - and her touch should most certainly not feel as good as it did! 

"Molly, we-" I began, knowing this had to stop but she cut me off. 

"Shh..." she shushed me and gently pressed a well-manicured finger against my lips, "it's okay, Rick." 

"No, it's not! It's-" 

"Yes, it is. I know what you're thinking, but we need this, we do. We both do. A man like you needs a woman to take care of him, to be there for him, and I'll be that woman for you. And I... I need a reason to get out of bed in the morning, to not just disappear into the shadows. You'll be my reason!" she said earnestly, making me pause. It was true that since my dear asshole of a father-in-law had left, she'd more or less given up on life. For a woman who'd always been vibrant and beautiful, it had been horrible to watch her fall apart. 

But even so... 

"But Christie," I objected but was quickly cut off again. 

"Isn't here!" she said forcefully and leaned closer in to me before she continued in a softer tone: "I am, and you are. That's all that matters..." 

Oh God, she smelled good. I knew I shouldn't notice that but I did, she was so close and I couldn't help it. 

"I want you," she all but whispered to me, her lips coming closer and closer, while I just sat there, motionless, unable to stop this horribly wonderful thing, "you're such a wonderful man. Sweet, caring... handsome. I just want to make you... happy..." 

And with that she finally pressed her ruby-red lips against my own. The kiss was soft, sweet and seemed to go on for hours, until she opened her mouth slightly and her little tongue assaulted my closed mouth. I didn't even pause to think, I simply opened up for her, and suddenly she was frenching me like there was no tomorrow. The worst part though? I liked it. It felt really good, and soon I was returning the favour, my tongue dancing with hers and my hand placing itself on her shoulder, gently massaging her and letting her know how much I enjoyed the attention. 

"Mhm... so niiice," she murmured when she broke the kiss, her beautiful, blue eyes staring into mine. I didn't notice the crowfeet that hinted that she was past her first prime, all I saw was the desire, the need... the hope. While one hand was gently cradling my face, the other moved down south and reached the lump in my pants. With a lustful smile, she stroked it, ever-so-slowly, her long nails running along the shaft. 

This was clearly moving in the wrong direction - I'd come down to apologise for what had happened, and now I was getting felt up by my sexy mother-in-law again! 

Get out of here! Just get up and leave! Get up! Get up, damn you! my brain screamed at me, but unfortunately the only thing that obeyed was my dick that quickly rose under her careful ministrations. 

"So nice and big," Molly sighed but before I had a chance to respond, she was kissing me again... and I must admit, I didn't mind it quite so much this time. As if trying to demonstrate how okay I was with all of this, my hand ran down her shoulder and cupped her massive boob. Big, round, soft, it felt wonderful, and soon both my hands were busy groping her tits and pinching her nipples through her bra. 

"Ahh..." she sighed into my mouth and increased the pressure on my cock that was reaching its full size fast. Her nimble fingers soon got my pants open and pulled my hard tool out. It stood up from my open zipper like a mast on a ship - a veiny, fleshy mast that got jerked off by a middle-aged woman's beautiful hands. 

Suddenly, she stood up, quickly pulled down the zipper in her form-fitting skirt and pulled it down as well. She had to wiggle her well-rounded hips in a highly seductive manner to get it down (and trust me that did not weaken my iron-hard dick!) but soon she stood in front of me wearing only a slutty garter-belt-stockings combination and pumps from the waist down. 

"Oh God," I muttered, knowing full well what was going to happen and how wrong it was - but looking at my mother-in-law's half-naked body, I knew I had no chance of stopping it from happening. I didn't want to stop it! My cock quivered, ordering me to forget those stupid notions altogether and just enjoy what was offered. 

"You like?" she asked with a suggestive smile and spread her legs a little further, giving me a better look at her naked beaver - and I do mean naked. There wasn't a single hair on her pink slit, nothing to obstruct my view at all. 

Compared to my wife's hairy bush, this was immensely arousing... everything was put out in the open for me to enjoy instead of hidden behind a thick mane of hair. 

"Yeah," I muttered and swallowed nervously. I shouldn't have said that, I shouldn't encourage... this... her. But the smile she sent me in reply was so beautiful, so happy, so sexy that my heart skipped a beat, and I was glad I had made her smile like that. And even gladder that it was directed at me. So wrong... 

Her smouldering eyes was staring into mine, captivating my soul as she stepped back up to my chair, swung one leg over mine and sat down on my lap. Once again her face was frighteningly close to mine, her lips basically in kissing-range, and I had to fight the temptation again - not that I really believed I could. 

Her hands slid around my neck, caressing me gently behind my ears, her mighty tits rubbed against my chest... and worst and most wonderful of all, her moist slit pressed against my iron-hard dick that jerked happily when it came into contact with its feminine counterpart. 

"I want you, Rick," she whispered, her breath hot and sweet against my skin, "so much." 

And then we were kissing again, and I was holding my sexy mother-in-law in my arms while I explored her mouth with my tongue. She was moaning softly and squirming around on my lap both of which nearly caused my dick to go out of its skin with desire. 

I don't know how long we sat there, making out - maybe a minute, maybe an hour - before I left her sweet mouth behind, trailing little kisses down her jawline and throat until I reached her collarbone while she made small, encouraging sounds. Her hands crawled up on my head and pushed gently, trying to make me continue, to journey down to her wonderful boobs from which there'd be no return. 

My resistance, if it indeed had been a show of resistance and not just me teasing the both of us, crumbled in mere seconds, and soon I buried my face in her deep cleavage while I made little thrusts with my pelvis, dry-humping her. 

"Oooh..." she cooed softly when I licked the top of her breasts, and she sighed a pleased "yes..." when I brought my hands around to unbutton her blouse. It took some work; they were small and unhelpful, but one button after another surrendered to me, yielding a more and more complete view of my mother-in-law's near-perfect bust. Soon only her black push-up bra stood between my groping hands and the soft skin of her wondrous tits. 

"Uh!" she gasped when I pinched her hardened nipples. She reached down and pulled the bra-cups down, leaving her chest completely bare, and I couldn't help but stare at her - at them. Large and round, they sat high on her chest, her pink nipples pointing straight ahead. They were firmer and a lot harder to the touch than my wife's but if I'd taken the time to completely study every square-inch of her (like I later did!), I'd have noticed the small scars at each armpit where the silicone had been injected. 

As for now, I couldn't keep my hands off them. Pinching, groping, grasping, manhandling... God, I loved them! 

"Mhm... you like?" she asked again, whispering it into my ear this time, and I answered with a heartfelt: "God yes!" 

Apparently, that was the right answer, because she kissed me again, harder and more demanding this time. She pressed her lips against mine and before I'd even registered what was happening, she'd pushed her tongue in between my lips, tickling my own tongue. She squirmed a lot on my lap, bumping in my cock that desperately wanted to get to know her better, and soon I couldn't take it anymore. 

"Please," I whispered. 

"Mhm... please what?" she wanted to know, her eyes burning with desire. 

Please get off me, please leave me alone and please never ever tell your daughter! the last sane part of my brain screamed in a final attempt to stop the madness. 

"Please... put it in..." I asked her, damning that last measure of sanity. I was more aroused by my wife's mother than I'd ever been with her, and Molly was right: we needed each other. She'd struck a chord earlier, and the growing sense of loneliness I had felt the last couple of years with my wife constantly working and 'being too busy' to enjoy each other's company (especially sex) was certainly helping me override any concerns or regrets. 

She blinked twice at my words, then her eyes lit up in a mixture of desire and... relief. We looked at each other for a second, two lonely souls connecting before the pent-up desire brought us back to reality. She reached down and fiddled with my dick - that did not mind her cool hands on its hot skin! - and lifted herself up a bit, and then she slowly started sinking down on my prick. 

It felt... heavenly. She felt heavenly. She was very tight and despite the large amount of juices she'd produced it took some work to fit even just the head inside her. Wondrous, wondrous work, I should add! 

"Ahm... Rick..." she sighed, as she slowly, ever so slowly, let more and more of hard tool fill her, her warm pussy yielding and struggling to accept the invading size. 

Too slowly. This was by far the most erotic sensation I'd ever felt (well, that I could remember, at least - it might have been just as good last night but thanks to the wonders of alcohol, I'd never know), and I wanted more, wanted the teasing promises to deliver - wanted to feel myself buried completely in this arousing woman, so I grabbed her hips, marvelled at the smooth, soft skin, and pulled her down while doing my best to thrust up, my rather awkward position considered. 

"Nnngh!" I grunted as I succeeded, and finally her moist warmth engulfed the entire length of my dick. She moaned loudly; either in protest, pain or pleasure, I couldn't tell, and for a second I didn't care: I had my dick buried inside the hottest pussy ever, and nothing else mattered. This was clearly what my dick was made for; this was where it belonged. 

Despite what would probably have been mild in most bedrooms all over the world, this little show of passion would be almost unheard of in mine and Christine's, and as I looked at her eyes closed tightly, I suddenly worried that I'd hurt her or something. 

Then she opened her beautiful eyes again and fixed me with a stare of raw lust desire, and I stopped worrying. This woman wasn't Christie, she was adventurous and hot, and she welcomed my desire for her. Her lips formed a sexy smile that sent pulses all the way down to my cock, buried deep inside her. 

"Oh, you're big," she purred, "sooo big." 

I moved my hands a little further down, caressing her round ass-cheeks and pulled her gently against me while I moved my lower-body against her, creating a very interesting friction that my dick enjoyed greatly! 

"Mhm... yesss..." she sighed, moving with me, rubbing herself against me, "oh, so good!" Her internal muscles massaged my dick, as it moved what little it could inside her, creating a sensation unknown to me, and I groaned loudly in appreciation. 

While I kneaded her delightful ass and used it for leverage, she moved her hands up around my neck, hugging me too her and leaning down to whisper in my ear. 

"So good," she cooed, "oh, I love your dick! It feels so biiig... Mhm, so big in my little pussy..." 

With me coming from six years of monogamous marriage to a woman who considered any sound in the bedroom above a loud sigh unbecoming, this was... well, mind-blowing. And it was certainly making my cock want to blow too... 

"God yes," I agreed in my grunting, out-of-breath voice while my wickedly sexy mother-in-law bounced on my dick, "you're so... hot." Even as I said it, I felt self-conscious and out of my depth. Molly was clearly experienced at this sort of... stuff, and I was like a bumbling teenager who had no idea what he was doing. 

"Yeah...?" she sighed and pushed herself backwards, giving me a better view of her sexy body, "you like my big tits? You like how big and round they are?" Her hands grasped her large boobs as she spoke, rubbing them against each other, pinching the nipples, holding the wonderful globes up and letting them fall, making me watch as they bounced back on her chest... and while giving me this erotic show, she kept gyrating her lower-body, teasing my stiff dick, but without giving me as much friction as it demanded. 

"God, Molly," I rasped, simply saying the first thing to enter my mind, "you gotta be the sexiest woman alive!" 

"You think so, Rick?" she smiled as she leaned back in for a kiss... a long, slow kiss, full of teasing promises. 

"I need..." I tried to speak once we broke apart again. 

"Yes?" she asked, eyes alight with desire. 

"I need to fuck you," I finished my sentence. She blinked twice and creased her brow in confusion, but before she could ask what I meant, I wrapped my arms around her, supporting her back and stood up. It strained in my back, with the weight of the both of us, but in my arousal, I hardly noticed. I took the half-step to the table, sat her down on it and quickly cleared a path behind her, before pushing her down on her back. I vaguely heard a crash of a plate hitting the floor, but with this beautiful, sexy creature laying before me, legs spread and my cock still half-ways up in her pussy, I didn't really register anything but my own need. 

"Oh my," she sighed, and she certainly didn't seem to mind me taking charge... not that it mattered at this point. Not much would have been able to stop me now, as I grabbed her thighs and hammered my cock into her, claiming her warm, wet cunt. 

"God!" she gasped, but I didn't give her time to catch her breath. Again and again I hammered into her, her entire body shaking at with the impact and her mighty tits quivering in all sort of interesting ways. 

"Fuck!" she cried, her hands grasping her tits where her well-manicured nails teased and scratched her nipples and her legs wrapping themselves around me, her heels digging into my ass. 

She clearly didn't mind... 

It was so good! Sex had never been like this before; wild, wanton... relentless! I fucked her like a madman, my cock ripping in and out of her like a piston, and about as hard, and she cried, gasped and moaned in passion. She met my every thrust, encouraging me to take her and enjoy the ultimate pleasures her wonderful body had to offer... and I did. Oh, my God, I did! 

"You want it?!" I gasped, my arousal having finally overridden my self-consciousness, and I wanted hear it. An orgasm was quickly building in me, and I didn't have the strength to hold back much longer. I couldn't slow down, couldn't control myself - I had to have her, completely and absolutely. Faster and faster, we raced towards that one moment of infinite desire and pleasure together, neither of us feeling anything but pure, unbridled lust. 
