 I was home for the summer from my sophomore year of college and bored out of my mind. My college girlfriend had gone home, too. With her on the East coast and me in the Midwest, it made for a long, horny summer. I stumbled across a website for married cougars looking for some young cock. None of the profiles had pictures so that these married cougars could maintain their anonymity until they felt the time was right to reveal themselves. The profile only contained descriptions of body type, looks, they're likes and dislikes, and what they were looking for.

I had chatted up a couple of local cougars, but there was one that was quite persistent and sounded perfect to me. It said she was 41-years-old, 5' 8" tall, long brown hair, brown eyes, with a 38DD-26-34 build. She wasn't looking for anything permanent, just some young cock to satisfy the cravings her absentee husband couldn't or wouldn't satisfy. Sounded good to me. There was no exchanging of phone numbers, only chatting through the website's built in IM system.

We finally decided it was time to meet. We chose to meet for an informal dinner at a local pizza shop we both liked. In order to make it easier to recognize each other, we told each other what we'd be wearing. She went with a red silk blouse with a cream colored skirt and matching pumps. I told her I'd be wearing a light blue button down shirt with jeans and loafers.

I arrived fashionably late. I chose this particular eatery for two reasons. Yes, their pies are excellent. But it also has two large front windows allowing passersby to view the entire, smallish restaurant. I wanted to use this to my advantage. It's a well-known fact that 99% of online profiles are, shall we say, embellished. I wanted to see this cougar before committing in case I decided to bail.

Sure enough, I saw through the window that my target had arrived. Much to my surprise, I knew her. It was my mother!

Don't get me wrong, my mom Dana is stunning. Exactly as described previously with perfect skin, long legs holding up a toned body, a great smile, and a laugh that lights up a room. Every head turns to catch a glimpse of her when she's around. As I grew older, I came to realize just what a stone cold fox my mom was. And my friends constantly pointed it out, even going so far as to describe what they'd like to do to her and with her. Occasionally I would catch myself day dreaming about her. But I never thought...

My mind raced as I stood on the sidewalk outside the pizzeria. "What should I do?" I thought. "If she sees me, how will she react?" The devil on one shoulder encouraged me to proceed. The angel on the other shoulder reminded me it was my mother and how wrong it would be.

I slipped back into the darkness. Far enough where I couldn't be seen from inside the restaurant but close enough that I could watch. I pulled out my phone and launched the website's app.

U R gorgeous! I typed. I saw her jump at the message and quickly look around.

Where r u? she wrote back.

Near. 

She scanned the room again. Where? Come sit with me. I want to meet u.

Soon. Take off ur underwear. I chuckled as I typed it.

She jumped again. What?! No reply from me. R u serious? No reply again. She scanned the room. I watched as she wiggled in her seat. I watched as she slipped a red g-string into her clutch.

"Jesus, Mom!" I thought. The bra too. I typed.

Where r u? Come sit with me. No reply.

I watched as she rose up out of her chair. "Shit! She's had enough and she's leaving!" I thought. But instead of heading towards the door, she headed towards the bathrooms and disappeared.

A few moments later she reappeared. It was obvious by the bounce of her 38DDs she had removed her bra. Her tits were firm but tits that large are going to bounce a little. I could even see her gumdrop-sized nipples poking through the silk material. She took her seat at the table.

Beautiful! I typed.

Come sit with me.

Unbutton your blouse.

What? Seriously? No reply. She scanned the room. She discreetly unbuttoned three buttons, revealing plenty of cleavage.

More.

She paused, then unbuttoned two more. Her shirt was unbuttoned well below her breasts now. I couldn't wipe the grin off my face.

One more.

I could see the frown on her face. Where r u? Come sit with me! No reply. She did one more button. Her shirt was open to her flat stomach now.

Good girl. My dick is hard. R u wet?

No!

Liar. Ur nipples are hard. Pinch one.

It's cold in here.

Liar.

She scanned the room before she reached up and pinched a nipple through her shirt.

Reach under ur shirt and do it.

She slowly did as told. I watched her hand as it moved under the thin material and pinched a nipple, a little longer this time.

R you hard?

Fuck yeah I am!

I want to see ur cock. Come sit with me. Let me feel it.

Soon. Finger your pussy.

Come sit with me first. I want to see ur cock. No reply. I watched as she slid her hand past the waist of her skirt. Her body shivered at the first touch of her own hand. She did lie. Her pussy was soaked at the excitement of it all. She had never done anything like this. The finger touched her hardened clit. She bit her lower lip and she flicked at it again and again. Without even thinking about it, soon she had two fingers sliding in and out of her slit. Her head was spinning.

I watched from outside as she clenched her fist and closed her eyes. She had quickly brought herself to orgasm right there in the middle of the restaurant! "Damn, Mom! What a slut!" I had a raging hard on.

Her heavy chest heaved trying to catch her breath as she removed her hand from under her skirt. Her phone buzzed.

Nice show! I texted.

Come sit with me. I need cock!

Soon. I'll contact u soon.

Wait! No reply.

I drove home, all the while plotting my next move.

When I got home, I went straight to my bathroom and jerked off thinking about fucking my own mother. I had fantasized about it occasionally. But now it could actually happen if I played my cards right.

Not long after I got out of the bathroom I heard Mom come in. She went straight to her bedroom and closed the door. I stood outside her door in the hallway. I heard her open a drawer, then the creak of the mattress. Soon I heard low moans. She was pounding her pussy with one of her dildos!

Dana was naked on her bed, sliding her fat, 9" dildo in and out of her hot snatch. Her hand groped her own tits and twisted her own nipples. She closed her eyes and envisioned this stranger taking her on the table in the middle of that restaurant, fucking her hard and fast. In her mind she felt the veins of this cock buried inside her throb. The throbbing was her own cunt begging for release. Her back arched and her moans grew louder as her body trembled in orgasm.

I went to my room grinning.

I'll bet you've got a dildo buried in ur cunt I typed.

The buzzing of her phone snapped her back to reality. Her heart skipped a beat. What makes you say that?

Because as soon as u got home ur bedroom light came on.

She gasped. How do u know that?!

I followed you home.

Another gasp. R u here now?

Yes.

U can't come in. Son is home. I'll come outside.

No. Come to the front window.

She threw a long sleeve night shirt on that buttoned down the front. The neckline ran in a "v" to just above her cleavage. The hem came to mid-thigh. It looked like an oversized men's dress shirt.

She walked to the front of the house. The large formal dining room looked out to the front yard through a large picture window that almost ran floor to ceiling. She stood in front of it in the darkness. The only light came from a dim street light across the street. She stared hard looking to see if she could catch a glimpse of her mystery man. I snuck down the hallway behind her. I watched as I peeked around the corner, phone in hand.

U r beautiful! Open ur shirt, show me ur tits.

What about my neighbors?!

Fuck ur neighbors. U didn't mind strangers watching u finger yourself.

She thought about it. "How much can they see? They can probably only see my silhouette if they can see anything." She convinced herself it was safe. She unbuttoned the shirt far enough that she could pull it open and let the girls come out to play. Without even being asked, she began to grope herself, pinching and twisting her erect nipples. She could feel her cunt begin to throb again. I had a full on hard on again.

Very nice. I'll bet ur pussy is wet again. Maybe u should get ur dildo again.

No! I want ur cock inside me!

Show me ur pussy.

I want ur cock!

An image of a thick, long cock flashed across her screen with the message Soon. Show me. Her knees went weak.

Dana threw the shirt off her shoulders and let it fall to the ground. She stood in her dimly lit dining room completely naked and aroused. Holding the phone in one hand, she began to caress her aching cunt with the other.

Ur such a slut.

I can't help it! Ur making me so horny! I need ur big fat cock! Her knees trembled as she flicked at her clit.

Soon.

I cleared my throat. "Ahem."

Dana nearly came out of her skin. She spun around and quickly tried to cover herself up. Then she remembered the shirt on the floor, picking it up from the floor and held it in front of her.

"I...I...I...uhhhhh...what the hell are you doing?!" she stammered. Then she realized that I was standing there with my cock out of my pants and stroking it. "How long have you been standing there?!"

"Long enough to watch you finger yourself and for me to get a hard on."

"I-I-I...I wasn't...put that thing away!"

"Goddamn, Mom, you're fucking hot!"

"Don't say such things! I'm your mother! Put that thing away I said!"

"You made me hard, Mom. What am I s'posed to do?"

"I don't care! Go in the bathroom and jerk off for all I care!"

I shook my head. "No. No, I don't think so. This is your fault. I think you need to fix it."

She gasped. Her eyebrows almost flew off her head. "What?! If you think I'm going to 'fix' that, you're crazy! I'm your mother!"

"Okay. Well, if that's how you wanna be about it... What're you gonna say to Dad when I show him this video?" I held up my phone. Of course, I didn't have any video. I was too busy messaging her. But she didn't know that.

She gasped again. "You...you...you wouldn't!!"

I shrugged. "Maybe. Maybe not. Are you willing to take that chance?"

"Give me that phone!" She took a step towards me.

"I don't fucking think so," I said as I pulled it back.

Dana knew she was busted. "Shit!" she thought. "What do you want from me?" she asked in a defeated, angry tone.

I grinned. "I think a blowjob will do it."

"A...I'm your mother!" She could see that fact was having no effect. "Fuck!" "You're just like your father!" She paused. "A hand job. I'll give you a hand job."

I held up the phone. "Okay. And while you do that I'll send Dad the video."

"Goddammit, Mark!" I waved my wand at her. She slid forward and slowly knelt in front of me, watching my eyes the entire time, hoping I would tell her to stop. "This one time. Then you delete that video."

"You'd better hurry up before I hit 'send'."

"Fine!" She slowly grabbed the shaft, replacing my hand with hers. It throbbed at her touch. "My God! He's so much bigger than his father!" she thought. She didn't realize it was the same cock that had flashed across her screen a few minutes ago.

She moved her face closer and stopped. She looked up at me again, hoping I would tell her to stop. Instead, I grabbed the back of her head and pulled her close. The tip briefly pressed her lips before she opened her mouth and took me in.

I pulled her tight, burying her nose into my stomach, driving my thick stick down her throat. Mom gagged. She wasn't used to taking something that long and thick into her throat. "Fuck yeah! That's the shit right there!" I cried out. I grabbed her long brown hair and pulled her back, then pulled her towards me again. I watched as my cock disappeared in her face, while my balls slapped on her chin. We repeated this several times before I released her from my grip.

She pulled back and looked up at me. "This isn't right. I'm your mother!"

"I don't remember telling you to stop." I grabbed her by the hair again and shoved my pole down her throat. This time I throat fucked her good, hoping she got the message that I didn't give a fuck that she was my mom.

I finally released her head again and replaced it by grabbing her incredible tits. "Did I just hear her moan?"

What she thought was impossible was happening. Her cunt began to throb. "Could this be turning me on?" she thought. "This is my son! I-I-I can't think that way!" Her mind raced as the throbbing in her cunt only grew. "But...his cock is so beautiful! This feels so good! No! Stop it!"

But it was no use. The throbbing between her legs was unbearable. She couldn't stand it anymore. She buried two fingers into her snatch with ease. Like a woman possessed, she furiously slid her fingers in and out of her gash while her thumb pressed and rubbed her excited love button.

Once again, my hand was behind her head. Not so much as a show of dominance this time but for my own balance. I watched as my rod slid in and out of her face while she fingered herself.

"Mom, you're such a slut," I whispered. "Fingering yourself while you suck your son." I chuckled.

She nodded her head around my pole. "Mmmmmhmmmm! Mmmmhmmmm!" was her muffled reply. Her breathing was becoming labored. Her skin was clammy. The pace of her fingers sliding in and out of her gash sped up. The suction on my cock became stronger.

"Mmmmmm! Mmmmmm! Mmmmmmmmmmmm!" Her body shivered with an orgasm that surprised her, made her feel ashamed of herself -- and immediately made her think she wanted to experience again.

As her tremors subsided, my body began to tense. I could feel my balls contract. I grabbed her hair and pulled her off my pulsing pole.

"I'm gonna cum on your tits! I'm gonna cover your tits with cum! Huuuhhhhggggaaaaaaa!" I stroked my pole as she held up her tits as targets. The first stream shot out and splattered against her chest, shooting out and across the top of her tits.

"Ooooooo, yes, cover mommy's tits with cum," she cooed.

My strokes coaxed several gushers to shoot out across my target. By the time I was done, her chest had gone from a golden tan to a milky white. The thick spunk was seeping through her cleavage and down her taught stomach, as well as dripping off her erect nipples onto her thighs and the floor.

I pulled away and looked down. Mom was a beautiful mess.

Mom resisted the urge to lift her breasts up and start lapping the sticky substance off of them. Instead, she looked up at me. "This...this...this can't happen again." She said it trying to convince herself as much as me.

I smiled. "We'll see."

*****

For several days, Dana tried to contact her mystery man -- me -- with no success. She thought maybe he had just toyed with her that night and she would never hear from him again. I just wanted to make her sweat a little, build up the anticipation.

Dana couldn't get the image of that beefy cock that had flashed across her screen that night out of her mind. She also couldn't get the images of her son's cock in her mouth and him blowing his load all over her chest that night. She tried to convince herself that it was wrong. But it felt so good! She was ashamed to admit she had masturbated to both events since.

Then her phone buzzed. It was "him" -- me. It said Let's meet.

Where have u been? she replied.

Busy. Wanna meet?

Yes! I've been dreaming of your cock! Where and when?

Smokey's. 10 tonight. Wear something sexy. No underwear. It'll only get in the way.

Smokey's was a popular bar and grill in town.

Cya then! she replied.

*****

I watched her pull into the dimly lit parking lot. She climbed out of the car looking totally smokin' hot! Her long legs emerged from the car wearing black pumps. Next came a black leather mini skirt, followed by a white, lacy camisole. I nearly shot my load right there! I watched her tits bounce and her ass shake as she crossed the parking lot into bar.

Every head in the bar turned when Dana walked in. She tried to ignore the attention but she couldn't help it. It's not like she dressed like this every day, and could count on one hand the number of times she had gone out in public dressed like this. She found the attention a little unnerving -- and an incredible turn on. She could feel her snatch grow moist. Her nipples tried to rip through the sheer camisole without the restraint of a bra. She scanned the bar as she walked through it, seeing if there was any hint of her mystery man, to no avail. She took a seat at the end of the bar and ordered a beer.

She had finished about half her drink when her phone buzzed on the counter.

U look fukin hot!

Where r u? she asked, looking around.

In the parking lot.

Y r u in the parking lot?

Waiting for u. I have a surprise for u.

U want me 2 come out there?

Yes.

She paid for her drink and headed for the door. Her body trembled at the thought of finally meeting her mystery man.

She rounded the corner of the building into the parking lot but saw no one.

I'm by ur car I typed. She strained her eyes but saw no one. She nervously walked towards her car, expecting someone to appear out of the shadows at any moment.

As she approached her car she could see something dangling from the side mirror. She removed it and inspected it. It was a blindfold. She looked around hoping to see someone. Nothing but darkness.

Do u want me to put it on? she typed.

Yes. Make sure it's tight.

With some hesitation, she pulled it over her head and pulled the straps tight. There was nothing but pitch darkness in front of her now.

In a matter of seconds I slid in behind her. I grinded my hips into her ass and grabbed two handfuls of 38DD tits.

"Oh! Ohmagawd!" she yelped.

"Hello," I whispered in her ear. I had purchased a voice disguiser. It gave me a deep, menacing voice. She had no idea it was her son. "We finally meet."

"Let me take the mask off so I can see you."

"Not yet. Soon," I said as I continued to grind my hips into her ass and roughly molest her tits. She leaned into me. I guided her around to the front of her car and pushed her over at the waist. She caught herself with her hands. The hood was still warm. I unbuttoned the back of her mini skirt and pulled the zipper down.

Her body tensed. "Wait! Not here!" Her skirt hit the ground.

"Why not? You said you want my cock. I watched you suck off your own fucking son. I'm gonna fuck you right here like the slut that you are."

"No! That's not true!" she protested as I made her step out of her skirt. "My son...that...that was an accident! He caught us...me...showing off for you!"

"You could've said no. But you dropped to your knees and let him fuck your face. You loved it. Just admit you loved giving your son a blow job."

"No! That's not true!"

I reached around and flicked at her clit. She gave a loud gasp. "Look at that. You're fucking soaked. You can't wait for me to fuck you."
