 Author's Note: A thousand thanks to Alice_Rosaleen and to my ever supportive wife mrssecondsamuel for editing. I am recovering from repeated surgeries on both arms to correct a degenerative nerve condition. To write this, I use voice to text software which isn't always accurate. As my recovery will take considerable time, I have decided to continue writing and give my best effort at doing the thing I love. Please, if you spot any typos or grammatical mistakes, consider volunteering as my editor to allow me to write more stories more frequently with better quality.

This is a Valentine's Day contest piece so please vote!

*

I guess I've always been a pervert.

Ever since I can remember my sexual imagination has been dominated by my mom and older sister.

My parents raised me in a sexually progressive household - free from stigma or shame. Maybe that's why I sought it. Both of them publicly identified as bisexual and almost pushed the boundaries between parent and child through their openness. Perhaps that's why I sought out something as forbidden as a taboo fantasy. Did being told I couldn't do something make me want it all the more?

Only it wasn't just words on dirty websites or captions next to a pornographic image. It was a desperate longing for my real relatives that stunted any other romantic development. Effort after effort to put these ideas out of my mind failed, and even my lies about my dating life to my family fell flat, though of course my mom didn't know the real reason.  

"I told you I have a date, Mom!"

"And I'm sure you do, honey," my mom said condescendingly. "And I imagine you'll be meeting her at the theater."

"I'm picking her up."

"You know I don't have anything planned for Valentine's Day. Are you sure you just don't want to see a movie together?"

"I don't want to see a movie. Besides, there's nothing good out."

I knew adding anything was a mistake.

"Okay, fine, whatever you want, honey."

If only that were true.

Let's just say I always saw what my dad saw in my mom. Though I hated to admit it, I had always been a bit of a mama's boy. Perhaps it's the way we were raised. My sister Alice was ten years older than me, and my mom doted on me like every youngest child. My dad was gone a lot with work, and I never found myself fitting in with anyone at high school. I almost dropped out entirely before finishing the last semester.

There was something about standing in his shadow that shaped me into a quiet and meek person. Or maybe it was that he never came around enough to teach me the things everyone else seemed to naturally know from their dads. And honestly, I saw clearly what my mom and probably my sister, if she would admit it, saw in our dad, the semi-famous, semi-real rock and roll writer Samuel Clementine. But I never saw why he preferred the road to being around a woman as beautiful and intelligent as my mom.

Rachel Wright (despite two divorces to Samuel, she always kept his original name even as he had himself legally declared Samuel Clementine) literally drew all the boys the yard with her milkshake. She stood just under 6 foot, making me barely her height. No matter what she wore, it was impossible to ignore her breasts.

A natural exhibitionist, Mom had a habit of undressing in front of any open window. To this day, I wonder if she knew how easy it was to see her window from the street. Everything heated up my senior year, almost a year ago, when I ran off a bunch of guys at my high school who were waiting outside her window and hoping to get a peek at her breasts. I couldn't say I blamed them especially as I lingered a little too long.

I remember that nervous pulse of anxiety, that creeping tingle of anticipation as I crouched hidden and watching her take off her bra, seeing her breasts bounce out for the first time. I remember thinking she was staring right at me, showing off her body just for me. She looked down, almost inspecting her curves, cupping them until one hand moved down out of sight, reaching underneath her red panties to rub her pussy. I started... I just couldn't help it...

I started stroking myself right here in the yard outside her window shooting my load almost instantly in the bushes.

From then on, there had been a distance between us.

It got worse.

Alice and I had always known that Mom and Dad only used the hot tube naked. Mom insisted that the dyes and detergent in the clothing ruined the filters on the machine. I'm not sure how much of this was bullshit; Mom embodied the stereotypical hippie, free-love, organic nonsense of the generation before her. And the thought of what Dad might have done in that hot tub was enough to question the cleaning capabilities of bleach. Regardless, it was well known that the pool area was clothing optional.

Normal is relative. I knew from the few friends I had made that nothing in my family could be considered standard behavior. My sister Alice and I learned that the simplest way to avoid seeing our parents naked was to schedule our time at the pool. We went through our teenage years avoiding the uncomfortable sight of our parents naked - or worse. And before that day in the bushes outside of our house, we were always talking about sexual things openly. It was no big deal that I knew my mom was naked in the other room.

Until it was. Until I couldn't get that thought out of my head. Until I "forgot" and came barging into the basement, noticing first that my mother's bra, panties, and robe were lying discarded next to the hot tub. I expected anger, screaming, or shame. Only she had made it no big deal. Mom moved her body up against the side of the tub, so that I could only see her cleavage pressing tightly against the edge. It was teasing, knowing that my mother was so close.

For me it was so sexual, for her it was just the free love, hippie spirit she had always embodied. I could never made moments like this last long, because while Mom could be naked and talk normally, I knew I was staring at her body. I wondered how much she noticed those longing glances. I still remember stammering through those first few lines of conversation and how stupid I sounded.

"Oh um... hi," I said, lamely.

"Hi, yourself," She said, smiling at me.

"I forgot that..."

"That's okay," She said, and I could see her top of her breasts, even the tiny trace of her nipples underneath the water. "It's nothing for either of us to be ashamed of."

"I'll just... just come back later..."

"Or you could join me if you like," She offered.

I remember my head spinning at the thought.

"I'll just come back later," I said.

"Okay, have fun, sweetie!"

I laid awake for a few hours that night wondering if she was serious before imagining that she was. I moved my hand to my crotch, remembering how her breast looked bubbling under the warm water, wondering what it would have been like to take off my clothes, to let her have a look at my cock before joining her in the water. And again, with the same sense of shame, I masturbated thinking of my mom's perfect breasts.

Since then, only once had I managed to catch her in the act again. I watched as just the top part of her ample ass descended into the water for just a single, solitary second from my vantage point of the window outside the pool room. Like an idiot, I then stumbled in again, expecting another invitation. This time the conversation had been curt and nowhere near as suggestive. Ashamed at being so casually dismissed, I resolved not to try my luck any further, and to stop indulging in this fantasy. It was too forbidden, no, too fucked up to continue.

But oh God, my mom could be so distracting despite my resolve. We spent so much time together, that after I started noticing her, I couldn't stop. She tended to wear little around the house, and it became impossible not to notice her. And as I became fixated, my idea of transferring these feelings to another woman became more and more unrealistic. 

At first, I was so curious and turned on. I couldn't help but stare whenever she wore those tight gray yoga pants around the house, whenever her blouse was just a little too low cut, whenever she came in from the pool. Her red swimsuit barely kept her breasts from popping out, especially when she dived or jumped into the pool. Once she had gone down a slide at Schlitterbahn, losing her top. She had unashamedly rose topless out of the water, her small pointed nipples barely visible against the rest of her boobs, as she quickly got the attention of the entire park and the lifeguard, who took his time retrieving her top.

Even before that, it had been hard to get my mother's breasts out of my mind. I would sneak peeks whenever I could at her ass when her jeans didn't cover her thong. I would go through periods of guilt where I had some serious doubts of myself as a person. I mean who thinks about their mom this way? It was lame. It was pathetic. And I was going to move on...

But every time I tried to stop myself every promise and resolution evaporated the second an erection appeared. And I was always horny, able and ready to cum two or three times each day. Then two weeks ago I found the literal mother load on her computer when she asked me fix it. She gave me her password to put everything on the cloud and that's when I stumbled upon everything sexual she had ever recorded.

I knew what I was getting into from the first photos. There were countless pictures of my mother at 18. Cheesecake stuff. Classy boudoir photos of her, hair done up, laying naked with her breasts pressed against her bed. Others with her nipples hidden beneath intertwined fingers. Another with a white sheet so delicately, so perfectly position right above her buttocks, showing just the top of the crack I had already seen. It was more than enough to tease me into investigating her computer further.

These were more tasteful with her beautiful bubble butt visible as she lay nude on the bed. There were twelve of them and I imagined her having to give the roll to the developer at the store, knowing he would see her bright face smiling as she lay naked, one arm pushing her breasts up, the other covering her vagina. Knowing he would see even more as she spread her pussy for the photographer. These pictures from back in the day, were now scanned and sent to her laptop. 

I didn't even have to snoop to find her dirty secrets. She literally had everything, photos, memoirs, love letters, sex tapes, all saved in the most obvious location, all titled exactly what they were. I tried to resist, but I saved them all. Every single JPEG, MPEG, AVI, GIF, every single pixel, all of them on my computer to browse through whenever I wanted.

Because of these files, I'd seen my mother and father have sex at every angle, in every possible position. While there were countless pictures of her over the past twenty years, my favorites were the most recent ones. There were quite a few men other than my father. In fact, there were a couple photos of my father and mother together with another couple recently, only about six months ago, according to the date stamp. At first, I was amazed that all of this wasn't on the Internet before realizing it probably was. My mother just didn't care.

I felt like all the other girls on the internet really couldn't compete with all the pictures and videos of my mother. Not that I could ever bring up the courage to speak to another person at college. I knew my family noticed I was a little bit of a loner, I had never really had a girlfriend. I guess nothing could compete with my disturbing ideas and the examples I had of my mom doing literally everything. 

It didn't help that anytime I wanted I could check my computer and find out the next video of whomever she was having sex with. She always took pictures. And she did everything. Multiple guys, girl on girl, gang bangs, double penetration. One time I watched four guys jerk off onto her face, my mother smiling up at each load... it was almost as if she wanted to be a porn star. I couldn't look her in the eyes for a week after that without imagining that soft, milky white skin and blue eyes blinking through the globs of cum all over her body.

I did my best to look at everything, but there was so much to go through. So many pictures of her mouth swallowing big black cock, of Mom taking it up the ass and the pussy at the same time. Even some kinkier stuff, like her tied up to a Saint Andrew's Cross and spanked with a flogger until she screamed out a safe word. The things she had done upstaged every porn star I could find. One in particular stood out, where a man drove her to a glory hole, and then filmed as she sucked off three guys in a row, shamelessly walking back to the car covered in strange semen.

Mom tried a dozen or more artist hobbies and was always working on a new project. She got really into painting and had been focused on the natural aesthetic beauty of the human body, as she put it. She had been telling me to avoid our west wing as she often hosted nude models. Though she was relatively open about her sexuality, I knew from the videos that she was also having sex with most of them. Her current model was named Teddy. I heard her scream his name enough times, a young college student with a big black cock that couldn't help but make me feel insecure about my own. I've seen pictures of them at every angle. My mom was somehow able to deep-throat every inch.

She also had her way with girls, usually with a strap-on that fit inside of her. Her current fling looked a lot like my sister Alice: dark hair, small breasts, a tight little bubble butt, maybe in her late twenties. She would use her in every position, but mostly doggystyle, pulling on the black pigtails as she made the girl call her Mommy and beg to cum. She would say the nastiest things before finally giving in. Then the two would kiss and cuddle together for a few minutes before turning the camera off.

Alice had so much of a different look than Mom. My sister took after dad with dark hair and a very slender figure. She was ten years older than I, and there were times I would snoop and see things. Our relationship was not one of rivalry; I revered her. To me, she embodied sexuality and adulthood. I remember when I was younger finding her bras around the house, and the mystery of realizing the body they belonged to. Something about her burned into my brain and burrowed around; it turned me into a drooling dolt. The same kind of kid that pulls pigtails to show a girl he likes her.

Since she didn't see me as a sexual being for so long, she never built up those boundaries. Either that, or she was deliberately teasing me. There were countless memories of her titillating me accidently: walking around the house wearing just a towel as she got ready for a date, leaning over in front of me so that I could see down her shirt, bending in tight yoga pants so that I could just make out the part between her butt cheeks. It was as if my sister's very silhouette embodied sex.

Once, when she came home from graduate school, I watched her strip down naked to swim in our pool. I still don't know if she saw me, but she certainly made a showing of herself. It was the first time I saw a girl naked; her tits were small, perky, barely swaying as she moved around the pool, unconscious or uncaring if anyone saw her. I remember noticing how large her nipples were, puffy and pink, taking up most of her breasts. I tried so hard to see her vagina, failing to see much more than a little strip of hair, wondering if I could have gotten closer than the window I watched from.

Seeing my mom with a girl like Alice only got me fantasizing about my family more. I'd go weeks trying to avoid it, but my stash of photos on my computer always called to me. And all the while, she knew nothing about what I was doing. The filthiest, kinkiest, most taboo porn was available at my fingertips, and no matter how long I would resist the temptation, I always broke down and looked. Every time I masturbated I always felt like I had violated my mother and taken advantage of her trust and lack of basic computer skills. I could've deleted them anytime; instead, I obsessed over them. 

So for Valentine's Day, I made a resolution. I was going to move on and focus on making myself a better person. Given my dad's reputation as a writer there was no need to worry about money. I could get serious at school, move out as soon as I found a place, and get my mother out of my head.

But doing that was harder than I thought.

Sad as it seemed to say out loud, my mom was my closest friend.

Rachel Wright was in most ways a warm woman. A little sassy, a little too indulgent with my dad, smart, forgiving and supportive, always there for my sister Alice and I. Some of this I knew could be credited to my dad. He allowed Rachel to be who she was, a free spirit who never needed to worry about money or security. 

And with my dad gone too, Mom became the person who always dropped everything to spend time with me. She could simply stay home and work on whatever cause or project she wanted to. I think it's something that my sister could never really appreciate about dad. Samuel Clementine was Samuel Clementine, and being his kid came with its challenges. It didn't help that Alice went first, when dad was still trying to make it as a writer. He spent more time with me and even spent time with Mom as a weird, quasi-couple. Theirs was a relationship that never faded. They both wandered, and they both needed to be free to explore other people and other places. I think I got to see what Alice wasn't around for: the reconciliation between my mom and dad. Even if was periodic, even if it depended entirely on dad's schedule, my mom always loved him.

My sister Alice held periodic grudges against him. I didn't see how she could stay mad at him for being perpetually absent, when she would spend months away from me and Mom. She was fighting with Dad again over her boyfriend Perry.

It didn't go unnoticed that the only women I'd ever seen naked were both my immediate relatives. Or that my fascination with them, and only them, distanced me from normal sexual relationships. So over the past year or so, I'd begun teasing her about the taboo, dragging her down to my level. Fighting with her, teasing her about the daddy/daughter dates she had once enjoyed, made me seem normal. Instead of being the pervert who only had sexual feelings towards the woman in his own family, I liked to imagine she secretly held the same longing, forbidden lust, as unbelievable as that seemed.

I attempted to create some distance with my family. With Alice, it was easy. She was too wrapped up in her relationship with her boyfriend. But I couldn't ignore my mom. Try as I might to avoid her, it seemed like she sensed something was wrong, which made me more self-conscious, more isolated. She kept opening herself up to a conversation, kept forcing the issue, wanting more for me than just our relationship.

Which is why I lied to her about a date on Valentine's Day. I could just imagine myself watching her around the house all day, using her innocuous teasing as some sick, romantic imitation. So I tried to at least get out of the house.

I was buying my ticket to see Deadpool alone when I saw mom walking up towards the line. I rushed towards her, trying not to have this conversation in front of the entire city of San Antonio. She was wearing tight jeans and a red halter top that showed most of her breasts. She honestly looked half her age in that outfit.

"What are you doing here, mom?" I said through clenched teeth.

"I just sort of followed you," Mom said. "Oh honey, you're such a bad liar. I didn't want you to see another movie alone."

"You really shouldn't have followed me."

"Aw...I'm sorry, sweetie," She said a patronizingly, as she gave me a hug. "And you really shouldn't lie to your mother..."
