 Welcome to my 2018 Halloween Contest Entry. Be forewarned, this tale of a brother and sister does include activity some readers will consider gay or bisexual. Otherwise, all sex should be considered consensual and all characters are at least eighteen years old or older. Enjoy!

*

I never expected to catch my sister masturbating. It was crazy, as if she wanted to be caught, which didn't fit her personality. I found her lying naked on the couch in the family room with her torso twisted so I could see everything she was doing. She had two fingers deep inside her pussy. Reaching behind herself, she used a finger of her other hand deep inside her ass. 

Standing at the end of the couch, I gawked at her. "What the fuck are you doing?"

"Getting off," she gasped, furiously fingering her two holes. Her clothes were in a pile on the floor. The TV was off. I didn't see her computer, tablet, or phone. What she was doing felt wrong. The lack of any reason for her to be doing it felt even odder. It felt inexplicable.

I followed one stupid question with another, "Why?" 

The desperate expression on her face chilled me as much as the helpless tone in her voice. "Because I have to."

"Says who?" I asked, unable to stop staring at her nudity or the explicit ways she fingered herself. She didn't stop or try to cover herself like you would expect when getting caught in a compromised situation. It felt surreal. Was she high? Drunk? None of it made sense.

"The voices," she groaned as a wave of pleasure contorted her face. Her eyes fluttered and her mouth hung slack as she began moaning. She wiggled and squirmed against her fingers, forcing her fingers deeper inside her pussy and ass as she shivered with an obvious orgasm. "Oh God," she groaned and began sucking on the finger that had been up her ass. She instantly replaced it with the two fingers that had been in her pussy as she blushed deeply. Finally, it looked as if she was done. 

Carol sat upright without trying to cover her nudity. I suppose it didn't matter at that point but it felt strange seeing her sitting naked in the family room. Her face was beet red with how embarrassed she felt, but she didn't move. I became aware of the hard-on growing inside my shorts. I did my best to ignored it even though it felt kinked and I would need to reangle things if it decided to keep growing. "Do you want to get dressed?" 

"Yes," she said without moving.

How she sat there blushing without moving made no sense. Her nipples were clearly hard and I watched her chest rise and fall as she continued to breathe deeply following the thrill of her orgasm. I ran through the only list of conditions that made sense to me. "Are you drunk? High? On drugs?" 

Looking mournful, she shook her head. Her eyes moved directly to my crotch. In a pitiful voice, she begged me, "Please don't get hard and if you do, don't let me know it."

I struggled with ignoring where she was looking, but I couldn't stop looking at her open nudity. While I would never admit it out loud, Carol was hot in that unattainable, untouchable way. She had always maintained a prim and proper attitude that shut down lecherous comments before they were ever spoken. 

The joke was that my sister had "resting pleasant face" instead of a "resting bitch face." She radiated goodness and wholesomeness. Her naturally golden blonde hair never needed the addition of lowlights or highlights. The sun would kiss her hair with extra color. Her straight teeth glistened white from good oral hygiene. She ate like a bird and claimed that working as a daycare teacher was more than enough exercise for her. She radiated an aura that made people want to sit up straighter, mind their manners, and be nice to animals. Seeing her naked and glistening with perspiration from her frenzied orgasm felt as wrong as painting a mustache on the Mona Lisa.

I resisted the growing need to adjust my junk. Carol might be a sweet, innocent angel to the rest of the world, but she was my big sister and my frequent tormentor. I had grown up as the shadow to her radiance. Where she could do no wrong, I seemed to be a constant sad sack. I felt like the runt of a two dog litter. Unlike the rest of the world, I had seen her at her worst. I had heard her belch, whine, and complain like a snotty brat. I had felt her wrath as she laughed at me for being a loser. Still, she was my sister and despite our history, I could tell she was in distress. "What is wrong with you?" 

"Nothing," she said, still staring at my crotch as she replaced her lost, worried expression with an impish smile. She clutched at her breasts, pulling and tugging on her swollen nipples. She glanced up at me, flashing that pretty smile that could make the grouchiest stranger smile back. "Pull it out and I'll suck it." Her voice sounded funny as if she was being forced to say the words through a smile she didn't want to display. The difference was in her eyes. She looked at me with her big, blue eyes held wide open in shock and surprise. The look in her eyes didn't match her smile or her words. She went back to staring at the front of my shorts, licking her luscious lips with her tongue.

"Not until you tell me what's going on."

After blinking, she gave me a look of genuine appreciation. It took me a moment to recognize the expression, I had seen it a few times on her face. "It's a spell," she said in her voice. "Technically, a potion. I can't help myself."

"Cut it out," I snapped, rolling my eyes. "Tell me the truth."

"I am," she moaned. "And I can prove it." She glanced mournfully at her clothes without moving to collect them before she stood.

"Do you want to get dressed?"

"Yes," she said in a flat tone, once more sounding drugged.

"Why don't you?"

"I can't, not yet. The potion." She sounded like Carol, but I could tell the words were difficult for her to say as if she had to force them out of her body. 

"Right, a potion. I thought you said it was a spell?"

"The potion is the spell," she said, moving towards the stairs to the basement. 

Playing along, I followed her. "And how long does it last?"

"I don't know yet," she said in her forced Carol voice.

While I had no idea why she was acting like this, I wasn't going to start believing in spells and potions, not one word of it. I couldn't explain her nudity or open masturbation, not yet, but what the hell, right? Walking behind her, I took the time to adjust my prick without her seeing as I stared at her tanned, bare ass. "Is it fading?"

"I think so," she said, dropping a bit of the forced tone in her voice. 

Our basement is divided down its middle. At the foot of the stairs, it's finished and furnished with a wet bar that's always locked, a big screen TV, and a massive sectional sofa for movie nights. Our parents referred to this room as the Media Room. Carol and I referred to it as the Party Room. 

A single door in the dividing wall opened into the unfinished part of the basement. In that dark, damp space was meticulously labeled boxes filled with decorations for every holiday and old treasures too valuable to the family for the trash. A single fluorescent light fixture illuminated the space. Carol flipped the switch after opening the door and revealed her handiwork.

Boxes were pushed against the walls, leaving a large open area of bare concrete. In the center of that open area, she had drawn a double circle and pentagram that looked like something out of a cheesy horror movie. Black candles stood at each point of the five-pointed star. Three TV tray tables were set-up with a variety of little bottles lined up in a row. I recognized the bubble-shaped bottles. They had come from that goofy witchcraft store near the edge of downtown. 

"Nice try," I laughed, walking around the circle within a circle to inspect the bottles. None of the bottles were labeled, but she had Post-It notes in front of each with instructions written in her tight, tiny handwriting. "Which one is Eye of Newt?"

"Ha-ha," she deadpanned, sounding more normal. "None of them." Moving behind the row of tables and pointing left-to-right, she listed off the names of each one. Most of them held spices or herbs. A few were supposedly filled with the essence of various weeds. Nothing she listed sounded like a drug or poison. 

"So you mixed these together and got high? Like some sort of herbal Viagra?"

She shook her head. "There's a spell, too, and can you stop looking at me like that?"

"Hey, you're the naked one."

"I told you, I can't help it."

I spied a clear flask sitting in the middle of the center table. Picking it up, I swirled it around and examined the translucent amber liquid. Flakes of something floated in the mixture. It was easy to guess this was the finished product. "How much of this did you take?"

"One drop beneath the tongue."

"And then what?"

Shrugging, Carol self-consciously draped one hand across her breasts while holding her other over her pussy. "Can I get dressed now?"

"Are you asking me?"

She shook her head, looking as if she was listening for something. Seemingly satisfied, she moved to the open door. I followed her back upstairs. Fishing through her clothes, she kept her back to me as she pulled her panties, shorts, bra, and tank top. When she turned back around, she looked like my sister again. "You can't tell anyone about this."

"About what?" 

"Any of this," she said, collapsing on the couch in a heap. "I can't believe I did that."

"Me neither," I said, sitting on the far end of the couch. "Though it was pretty hot. I didn't know you were into anal."

Her cheeks turned red. "I'm not. I've never done that before."

"Uh-huh," I scoffed. No one shoves a finger that far up their butt if they've never done it before.

"I'm serious," she insisted, clearly distressed. "That stuff, that potion, it made me do it." I reminded her about hearing voices and she seemed confused. "Not voices, exactly. More like urges, like unspoken suggestions. Like when you start craving chocolate and you can't stop until you get some."

"And you suddenly craved masturbating where I would see?" I asked. I shook my head, unable to believe a word of it but unable to explain a moment of what I had witnessed. "You know, if you want to be a perv, go for it. I promise I won't tell Mom or Dad, but damn, Carol."

"You don't believe me," she pouted.

"How can I? I mean, I always suspected you were secretly a freak, but this is crazy talk."

"Fuck you," she groaned in a very Carol voice despite using a phrase few would believe she knew. "Which is easier to believe, that the potion works or that I wanted you to catch me doing that?"

Oddly, she had a point. Like I said before, Carol had an aura that kept people in check around her. Maybe it had something to do with her resting pleasant face, I don't know, but I knew my friends could say the rudest things about her until she was in the room and then it was as if a spell came over them. Being her brother, I had always felt immune to her aura. Like I said before, I had seen her at her worst. While the world thought she was a virgin princess, I knew she could swear, fight, scratch, and be a real bitch. 

"Then prove it," I suggested. "Take some more and let's see what happens."

"You do it," she said. "It supposed to work equally on men and women. You do it and let's see what happens."

"No way," I said, marveling that she thought I would be that stupid. "What did you really put in that bottle? Jalapeno? Cayan Pepper?" Carol knew I hated hot stuff. Once, when we were kids, she dared me to put a handful of Red Hot candies in my mouth for sixty seconds and I couldn't last longer than five seconds. While this felt an extreme set-up for a practical joke, I still didn't trust her.

"I swear it's not hot," she promised. "It doesn't taste like anything. You just put a single drop beneath your tongue, that's all."

"What's it going to do to me?"

"I don't know. Maybe it'll make your clothes fall off like mine."

"That's what I'm afraid of," I said, more afraid of her pranking me into putting something hot and spicy in my mouth. Unless you know me and the number of times she'd had pranked me during the years you can't appreciate how much of a phobia I had about that.

"What if we dissolve a drop in a glass of water or something? Then, even if it is hot, you won't taste it."

"I thought you said you had to put it under your tongue?"

"I should still work," she said with an easy going shrug before turning on her charm. "If you do it, I'll do it again and who knows what will happen if I do?"

Seeing her in full perv mode did sound enticing. I shook away that thought because I knew nothing would happen. While I couldn't see it yet, she was pranking me. While I couldn't figure out how she was doing it or why the pay-off at the end had to be damn big if she was willing to humiliate herself as she had done. In spite of my skepticism, I found myself asking, "How long did its effects last?"

"About an hour," she said with a smirk. She had already worked out that I was going to do it. While I hemmed and hawed about it, she ultimately turned out to be right. 

Before I would do it, I made her show me everything from the book where she had found the love potion (lust potion is more like it) to carefully revealing the contents of each bubble bottomed glass jar. Working my tablet as she described each one, I searched for side effects and any flavor profiles each ingredient had. Finally convinced nothing had a spicy or heat profile, I opted to try a single drop without dissolving it in water.

Holding the pipette with my finger over the open end, I had more question before I risked it. "How long did it take to kick in?"

"Almost immediately."

"What if I try to do something to you?"

"Plu-eeze," she groaned, rolling her eyes. "I think I can still take you." Regretfully, I knew she was probably right. Carol might be a girl, but she was stronger than she looked and I'm a bit of a wimp. Could I help it if we had the same genes? Isn't it funny how being lean could translate into strength for her while I was just skinny and weak?

After sniffing the end of the pipette, I opened my mouth, lifted my tongue, and released exactly .05 milliliters beneath my tongue. 

I know she said it would take effect immediately, but I didn't feel anything except relief that it wasn't spicy hot. As she had described, there didn't seem to be a taste to the liquid. Offering her a shrug, I put down the pipette and went upstairs to the family room. I didn't feel dizzy or foggy headed and I certainly didn't hear any voices in my head, though I did feel sort of horny.

With each step upstairs from the basement, I felt my prick growing harder and harder. Okay, so that felt sort of strange, except I'm a guy and I'm used to having erections happen. Guys understand that we can't always control them. I dismissed the sensation as being triggered by the memory of how I had found Carol naked on the couch with fingers buried in her pussy and one up her ass. That's all it was, right? 

Walking into the family room, another idea occurred to me. If Carol was a believer in this potion, didn't that give me the ability to prank her? What if I showed her my hard-on? Would it matter or did the bullshit of taking her potion give the perfect cover for doing it? Facing her, I gripped the front of my shorts and showed it off to her. 

"See? It's working!" she giggled.

"Yeah, it is," I said, rubbing my hard cock. Damn, that felt good, really good. So did sticking my hand inside my shorts and really touching it. So did pushing down my shorts and underwear so she could see it. 

Carol laughed at me getting naked. "What are you doing?"

"It's the potion," I assured her, playing along as I pulled off all my clothes until I stood in front of her completely naked with my massive hard-on throbbing in front of me. 

"Damn, bro, you're hung."

"You never guessed that?" I asked, proudly displaying my fully erect cock to her. I wasn't porn star sized, but when I got this kind of hard, I knew I was close to eight inches in length. Showing it off to her felt good, really good. I still didn't see the payoff to her prank, but it felt good believing that I was pranking her back. 

"I bet if you shaved you would look even bigger."

Leaving my clothes on the floor of the family room, I walked upstairs to the bathroom in the hall that we shared without a second thought with her following behind me as if I was the Pied Piper. I felt the big smile on my face as I entered our bathroom, fished in the drawer for the scissors she used to trim her bangs and began snipping away at locks of my pubic hair. I trimmed away as much hair as I could before using her razor to shave my cock and balls while she giggled and watched me do it. I even shaved my ass which made her laugh even harder. I laughed with her, enjoying every moment of trying to make this is awkward as possible for her.

Shaved smooth made every touch of my cock and balls feel even better. Glancing down at myself, I did look bigger. As a matter of fact, it looked sexy as hell seeing myself shaved. Why hadn't I done this sooner? Being smooth felt good, really good. So did being naked and hard in front of my sister.

"How's your butt feel?" she asked, clearly enjoying seeing me naked and bare.

Licking my finger, I experimentally caressed my smooth ass and discovered that felt good, too, really good. Wrapping my hand behind my back, I pushed the tip of my wet finger in my ass. Mm, that felt good, but my finger needed to be slippery. I sucked on my finger for a moment, enjoying the shocked expression on my sister's face before pushing my finger deeper inside my ass. Yeah, that felt good, really good, but I needed more spit. I repeated the gesture, licking and sucking on my finger once more before working it all the way inside of me.

My cock ached and throbbed as if I had just spent two hours playing kissing and groping games with my girlfriend. I felt like I had the worst case of blue balls in the history of mankind. I needed to get off really bad and told her as much.

The suggestion she made felt funny. Deep inside, it felt wrong, as if her prank was being revealed to me, but I was helpless to refuse the idea. "You should try to cum in your mouth." I blinked hard, remarkably excited by the idea but unsure how to do it. She must have seen my confusion. She suggested I lay on the floor and put my legs over my head. "Then it will be aimed right at your mouth."

Moving to the floor, I lay on the soft throw rug in front of the bathtub and curled into a ball as my sister had suggested. I made sure my head faced the doorway so that once I had my knees over my head, she would see my upturned ass and see my finger fucking my puckered hole. Tugging and pulling on my hard cock, I wished I could suck it. I tried reaching it, sticking out my tongue without getting close enough. Fuck. I wanted it. 

Glancing upwards, over my head, I made sure Carol still watched. For some reason, her watching me felt very important. Staring upwards at my cock, I wondered why I had never thought to try this on my own. My cock throbbed with its need. I could feel a massive orgasm welling up inside my balls as I realized how much I wanted to do this. 

Carol had described hearing voices, but it wasn't a voice like someone talking to you. It was more like an internal dialog of thoughts, ideas, and suggestions. She had described it as a craving, but that didn't come close to describing the sensation. It went past craving and into feeling like a need I couldn't control. I had to get off. I didn't have a choice. I had to get off or I might die of sexual frustration. I needed this as much as I had ever needed anything else in my life.
