 I always had a standard routine when I'd come home from work. Open the door with the key I left on the top of the doorframe, walk into the kitchen, empty a milk carton, cook some food and then sit down and watch Netflix before going to bed. 

This time was different though. When I arrived at the doorstep of my apartment the key was missing and the door was open. Several neighbors had been talking about break-ins lately so I was well aware of the chance that a stranger would be in my home. 

I slowly opened the door trying not to make a noise and peeked around the corner. I could hear the shower running in the bathroom. I grabbed the baseball bat that was standing against the wall next to the door and moved quickly towards the bathroom. I opened the door and ripped away the curtain. 

Immediately I got screamed at. My sister had entered my apartment and had gone for a shower while I was coming home from work, and now I was looking at her wet naked body. Well most of it anyway, the parts she wasn't covering up. I quickly exited the bathroom and grabbed a carton of milk out of the fridge, chugging it down while sitting down in my big leather lounge chair. 

Okay, I guess I should explain a few things. My name is Jason, I am 24 years old and I work at an insurance firm where I make above average money for my age. I grew up in a fairly strange family.

We moved around a lot during the first 10 years of my life. When I turned 3, my sister, Anna was born. From what my parents have told me I have instantly turned into the most caring person they had ever met. 

Anything my sister needed or wanted, I would be there to give it to her. She would play first with the toys I got for Christmas or for my birthday, and I'd just look at her play with them, all the while I was smiling. 

Anyway, we stopped moving around when I turned 10 because my mother couldn't deal with the constant moving around anymore. My dad - who worked in the military - wasn't willing to quit his job for his family, so my mother divorced him and got a job at a local school where we were living at the time.

My dad moved away and from that point it was just my mother, my sister and me. I took over the father figure role of my dad, which became quite a job once my sister started growing in the right places. Of course, as a brother, I shouldn't be looking at her in a certain way, but well, I am still a guy after all. 

She stayed quite small, 5'6 and weighing just 108 lbs. but while she stayed short, her breast grew to a nicely sized 36C. no I know that doesn't sound all that big, but on as small of a frame as hers, they definitely stood out. 

Her butt stayed petite, but that's beside the point. I went to the same high school as her, and I knew a lot of guys were interested in her. She wasn't quite the popular cheerleader though, she was the nerdy girl that was always willing to help people out with homework or other issues. 

From rumors I heard that most of the guys would love to have had her as a tutor. But that was then, after she finished school she went to Harvard on a scholarship, while I stayed at a local college. I didn't see her as much as she lived quite far away until she finished her education and moved back to mom. 

I stayed seated after I had chugged the entire milk carton. Anna came into the room and just stared at me. 

"I'm sorry Anna... I didn't mean to scare you, I thought you were an intruder." 

"An intruder? How many criminals do you know that take a shower in the apartment that they are trying to rob?" She said angrily.

She did have a point. But I figured I couldn't do more than to say sorry and just let it go. So I stood up and went into the kitchen. 

"I'm guessing you want to eat here tonight?" I asked her.

"Yeah. And now that this has happened I think I've earned the right to choose what we eat." She replied, her voice still full of anger.

"Sure, let me guess. Pizza?" I countered, with a wise-ass smile.

She tried to suppress a smile but failed, so I grabbed the phone and ordered the usual. I sat down with her. 

"So, you're here. Can I ask why? Something wrong with mom?"

"No, not really. I just sort of... left." 

"What do you mean?" I asked.

She sighed "I didn't feel comfortable at home, it didn't feel right..."

"What didn't feel right?" 

"Never mind, you don't want to hear about it." 

I could see in her eyes that she wouldn't say much more on the subject, I knew her well enough for that. So I figured I should swap subject. 

"So... you'll be staying here for a while?"

"Yeah, if that's okay?" She asked, but she made herself sound vulnerable, not that she had to.

"Of course, not like I'm gonna let you sleep out on the street." The doorbell rang.

I stood up and paid for the pizza's, then turned on the tv. 

"Wanna watch a movie?" I asked as I turned on Netflix and started searching for a good one.

"Sjuhr." She said with her mouth full.

I laughed, then started up the movie. The night stayed quite relaxed, it was a Friday evening so I didn't have work the following day, so I just hung out. 

At a certain point Anna snuggled up to me, but when we still lived at home she always did that, so I didn't think much of it. Perhaps I should've back then, and now. She fell asleep on my shoulder, and after about another hour I carried her into the guest bedroom and took a shower and went to bed myself. 

I woke up to the smell of pancakes and bacon. I love the smell of breakfast, actually I love anything breakfast related. Previous girlfriends always found it weird but I don't know, breakfast always seemed the best to me. That's also why I drunk so much milk after work, it was my way of relaxing. 

I got up, put on some sweatpants and walked towards the kitchen. Anna was standing with her face towards the stove, so she didn't see me walking up. She also has this habit of whistling while cooking so she couldn't hear me either.

She wasn't wearing much. A nightgown that was close to see-through, but I couldn't see through it in this light. I came up from behind her and kissed her cheek. 

"Goodmorning, sleep well?" I asked.

She inhaled sharply, obviously startled by me suddenly being there. Then she looked at me and held her breath. 

"Did you make breakfast for the both of us?" I asked as I sat down at the dinner table, I was checking my mailbox on my phone, so when I didn't hear an answer I looked up. She was staring at me, well not my face but my upper body. 

"Hello? Earth to Anna?"

She shook her head and came back to her senses, I thought I saw her cheeks getting a bit red, but I returned to my mailbox. 

"Yea... uh I mean yea I made breakfast for the both of us, and I slept okay." 

"Bed's not too horrible? I never really had anyone sleep in it." 

"No... No its fine." She still seemed a bit startled, but I let it slide.

She put breakfast in front of us and ate without saying a word. So did I, I figured if she wanted to talk she'd start the conversation. Still, she seemed very different from the last time I'd seen her. Back at mom's birthday 2 years ago. 

She wore a cute red dress that showed enough cleavage. While I tried not to stare too much, the dress combined with her shoulder length brown hair made her look like a bombshell. She was smiling constantly, buzzing with confidence and happiness. 

Talking to family and friends with a constant smile. She caught me staring once or twice, but just winked and continued talking to whoever she was talking to at the time. When everyone left and I was doing the dishes she came up behind me and hugged me. 

I felt her chest against my back, she then kissed my neck and walked towards upstairs to her room. Later that night I jacked off to the thought of her, hey can you blame me, this girl was very different from all the girls I had slept with so far - not a lot but who's counting? - and it seemed like something that wasn't gonna happen anyway.

As we finished breakfast I stood up, grabbed all the plates and put them in the dishwasher. 

"I'm gonna take a run, I'll be back in an hour or so." I said while putting on my shoes and a sleeveless shirt. She simply nodded at me. 

While I was running I started thinking. She screamed at me when I walked into the bathroom - actually that's quite a normal thing to do when someone walks in on you showering -, she became really tense after I crept up on her, and seemed very shut off from everything around her.

I remember a past girlfriend suddenly having the same problem, going from being a very happy and joyous person to fully closing off. As I finished my run and opened my door I didn't see Anna anywhere, so I walked towards the shower to wash off the sweat.  

I opened the door looking at my phone as I was shutting off the music that I had for running and walked straight into her. She fell backward and I tried catching my phone, but it fell on the stone tiles and I could hear the screen shatter. "Goddamn, that's the fucking second time this..." I said as I looked up at her.

Anna looked terrified, wide-eyed and... naked. I walked in on her again, this time though I really looked. The silence lasted about 5 seconds but then she quickly got up and ran past me to her room. I called sorry after her. But she didn't reply and slammed the door behind her. I realized I just had to give it some time before she wanted to talk about it. 

I stepped into the shower and realized I was hard. Not just a little bit either. I felt aroused as a mental picture of her naked body stayed in my mind. I'm not massive in the downstairs department, just above average. But I had heard from many girlfriends that it was more than necessary as they came riding me. 

I started wanking furiously. As I came I felt the image of her being seared into my mind. After I got dressed I walked to the guestroom and knocked on the door. "Please Jason, don't come in."

"Anna please, I just want to talk." I asked pleadingly.

I opened the door and walked in, it was pitch black. 

"I see the new curtains I got do the trick" I whispered to myself, I really couldn't see shit. I shuffled over to the bed and sat down, I felt a presence next to me so I figured I had sat down next to her. 

"I'm sorry for walking in on you... Twice. And staring the second time, I'm just not used to someone else being here." 

She stayed quiet.

"Anna, I know something happened at mom's house, Coco - my previous girlfriend - had the exact same change in how she acted after she... The thing happened. You know you can tell me anything right?"

"I didn't get raped." Anna said. I could hear her voice was close to breaking.

"Then what happened? Tell me, cause I want to help you. You're my little sis, I'm here to help." And she started talking, telling me everything.

"You know about mom's escapades at home right?" She asked.

"Escapades? I know she sometimes has men coming over, I mean she is a mature woman."

"Yea well, it has become a lot more frequent then you might think. The guys that come over aren't guys she knows well either, they are almost strangers. Guys she picks up from bars or god knows where." I stayed quiet for a bit.

"Okay so? What does that have to do with you?" I asked. 

It started flooding out.

"The night before I came here there was this guy, he came in and went straight upstairs with her. I didn't say anything." I didn't notice any change in her voice, but I noticed Anna was clenching her hand as she remembered it.

"I went to bed half an hour later, and when I walked past the door I heard a loud slap, but no cry. I was curious so I stood still and listened. After 10 seconds I heard another loud slap, but this time I swear I heard something breaking, like actually breaking." Her voice broke as she said the last word.

After a little bit of silence she continued, "I figured something must be wrong, so I opened the door and... And he was standing over her. But she wasn't awake, and she wasn't sitting quite normally. The guy looked at me and he looked terrifying, his eyes full of anger."

"I closed the door instantly and while running downstairs called 911. The cops came and took him away, and mom got taken away by an ambulance, I told them not to call you, knowing you would break his neck before you'd look at things normally..."

"Shit..." I didn't say anything else. What was I supposed to say, I was furious. 

"But that wasn't all he did, he came after me. He ripped off my clothes... Then he just looked. I don't think he knew I had called the cops and expected to have the entire night to use me, so he took his time. But the cops came before he could do anything." She started sobbing as those last sentences came out. 

I put my arm over her shoulder, and she leaned into me and starting crying heavily into my shoulders. I could feel her body leaning against me. I just held her as she cried, I couldn't do much more. 

When she slowly stopped crying I felt all her weight hanging on me. She had fallen asleep. I grabbed her shoulder and lay her down on the bed, my hand brushing past her breasts. My eyes opened wide, I felt again. She was still naked, she had been naked the entire time. 

A part of me wished the curtains weren't so effective, a small part of me wanted to open them and look at her. But I knew that'd be wrong, especially after what had happened to her. So I tucked her in and left. 

I ate the leftover pizza and went out to get groceries, leaving a note on the table that I'd be gone for a little while, but that her leftover pizza was still in the fridge in case she was hungry. When I came back she was sitting on the couch watching an anime. 

I threw all the new groceries in the kitchen and fridge and sat down next to her, putting my feet up on the coffee table and putting my arm around her shoulders. She lay her head down on my shoulder. I turned and kissed her forehead. 

She looked at me, straight into my eyes, and then she kissed me. To be honest, I wasn't really kissing back, I was looking at her wide-eyed as she was kissing me. She stopped kissing me and looked at me. "I'm sorry, I've wanted to do that for a long time. I shouldn't have, I'm sorry." She said, her eyes starting to get teary. Suddenly everything just clicked. 

The way she laughed and winked at me, being shy around me when she was just getting into puberty, the way she looked at my girlfriends. All these subtle little things that shouldn't be that way but she still did even though she was my sister. 

I looked her in the eyes and just went for it. I kissed her, I tasted her and liked it. We started making out heavily, I bit her neck and touched her boobs, feeling her hard nipples through the cloth of her shirt. I picked her up and walked towards my bedroom. Throwing her on the bed and getting on top of her while continuously kissing her. 

She put her arms up and I took off her shirt. I kissed the top of her breasts, hearing her breathe deeply. I took off my shirt and then her bra. As I took her hard nipples in my mouth she moaned. I felt her grind her hips into my leg. I twirled my tongue around her nipples and bit them softly, alternating from nipple to nipple every few seconds. 

Then I started kissing downwards, towards her pants. Over her belly, licking her bellybutton. I pulled down her pants and kissed from her feet upwards, ending at the inside of her thighs. I could smell her sweet scent and it was driving me wild, but I knew I shouldn't go too fast. 

I put her legs over my shoulders and kissed all around her panties, noticing that her skin already had some taste. Then I grabbed her panties with my teeth and slid them down. Putting them behind my head as I continued kissing her around her sweet smelling slit. 

I grabbed her boobs and played with her nipples as I traced her lips with my tongue. Then I took her clit in my mouth and started sucking softly. She moaned and her back arched, her hands on my head pulling me in harder. 

I removed one hand from her boob and slid a finger into her underneath my mouth. She was soaking, moaning and she tasted like nectar of the gods. As her legs started pushing on the sides of my head I lost track of time and just kept going. 

Hearing her moan and scream as she climaxed was driving me wild, my cock staying hard the entire time. I started lapping up all her juices when she grabbed me by my hair and pulled me up. Kissing me and turning me on my back. 

She kissed all the way down my body just like I had done to her, and pulled off my pants. She gasped as she saw the size of me through my boxers. Then she eagerly started licking up and down its length while I still had my boxers on. She pulled off my boxers and I looked at her.

"You sure you want to do this?" I asked.

She answered my question by taking me in her mouth and taking it all the way down her throat. My eyes turned in their sockets as my mind got taken over by feelings of ecstasy. I went back to all the times I looked at her in a sexual way, her in that red dress winking at me with a sly smile. 

As I opened my eyes I saw her looking up at me as she licked the head of my cock. Her blue eyes were looking up at me and I had trouble not coming right there on the spot. I pulled her up and she sat down rubbing my cock up and down her wet cunt. 

I wasn't yet in her but I was in heaven, she kissed me deeply and as our tongue's encircled she grabbed my cock and sat down hard. She had a muffled cry as I went into her deep. I breathed out heavily and felt her tight cunt around me. "you're so big, I knew you'd be." 

She sighed as she started riding me. her walls feeling like heaven around my throbbing shaft. I knew I couldn't last long, I'd had sex before with several different girls, but this was something different. I took her nipples back in my mouth and sucked them, but it felt the other way around. It felt as if she was sucking the orgasm out of me. 

After 2 minutes of her riding me, I couldn't hold it any longer. 

"I'm coming Anna, I'm coming." I throatily moaned in her ear.

"I'm on the pill, I want you to fill me." She moaned back.

I started coming in her hard, unloading all I had. She started orgasming too, feeling her walls pulsating around me made me cum even harder. I hadn't had such an orgasm in my entire life, I actually blacked out midway through. 

When I woke up she lay on top of me and I felt my dick falling out of her and our cum dripping onto my leg. I kissed her forehead and fell back asleep.