 I was the mother of a 18 year old son. I lived with him in a flat in Manchester. I worked in a hospital on reception. It was a good job, not well paid but it sustained me and my son. I lived in a 2 bedroom house which was small but it was good enough for the two of us.

I was in my 40s now and I didn't consider myself an attractive woman. I'm blonde yes I used the gym at my work a lot. My breasts weren't large I guess but enough for just more than a handful. I was tall so I guess I carried my weight off well. I didn't have a boyfriend and I hadn't been with anyone in over 5 years now. I guess you don't meet many guys in hospital as they can be preoccupied knowing you know their medical information. Of the few guys it doesn't put off they have to see past the dorky uniform was a sky blue fitted blouse and dark blue skirt. 

I can home a little early this day as there were very few appointments booked and it wasn't the type of place where you came without an appointment. I got out my house key, walked in and took my shoes off. I could hear the TV on full blast in the living room. He was watching that show with all the people running round, killing demons, spirits etc... and having sex. It was a good show actually but I think every show has that element of sex for no good reason these days. I guess it keeps the young male audiences watching. It keeps my son watching that's for sure. I went upstairs and got into a fresh pair of pyjamas as it was a Friday night and I wasn't going anywhere. I came down and heated up some food that I had made earlier in the week. I do a lot of batch cooking because it's easier when I come home in the week and I can feed myself and my son in 10 minutes. I put our food on trays and took them into the living room. I went back to the kitchen and got a beer for my son and a large wine for myself. I sat with my son as we ate and watched the show together. 

We finished up and snuggled on the sofa. I was on my 3rd glass now because Bobby kept popping to the kitchen for more beers. I was well and truly pissed and I'm sure Bobby was too. A scene came on where a demon hunter had just killed a demon and was about to have sex with his girlfriend or something. She was in an school uniform as I guess that's what they wear in private school in America. She let this demon hunter pick her up and sit her on a desk while he spread her legs. He started to undo her shirt and her breasts were clad in a silky bra. This was all so fake, as if you would wear a black bra under a white shirt. What a total slut.

I looked at Bobby who couldn't take his eyes off her. I guess that's why that scene was being shown, it got your male audience. 

"You know Bobby, it's not always like that. That would look so stupid in reality," I said using all my effort not to slur my speech.

"Like take her for example, you wouldn't walk round wearing black underwear with a white top. It's just not really the done thing," I said while waving my wine glass like a conductor at a concert. 

"I don't get what you mean mum?" He said.

"Well like I would not have worn that when I was at school, if I came home dressed like that one day you would think I was a hooker. But it's what sells on TV" I explained.

"I don't think so mum, if you dressed like that it would be normal nowadays," he said.

"Right... So you're saying that if I walked round like that in public you wouldn't be bothered?" I said unconvinced. 

"Look mum it's a different world these days. That on TV is normal now."

I got up a little unsteady on my feet. I guess I drank more than I expected. I went upstairs and left Bobby with his show for a short while. I went into my wardrobe and got out a white shirt and black skirt. I found a black bra and matching thong. I didn't have a school tie, or any tie so I guess the look wasn't going to be complete. I put on red lipstick and made sure I tucked my shirt in tight so out stretch over my full C cups. My bra was a little snug so I was falling out of it a little but fuck it I looked like a little office slut. A pair of heels finished the look and I walked back into the living room.

"So my dear, are you telling me your mates wouldn't be looking twice at me if I was dressed like this?"

He looked at me gob smacked. Almost like he had never seen a woman dressed like this before.

"You make my point perfectly Bobby, you don't know where to look do you?" 

His eyes going from my legs to my breasts. I started to laugh and sat down again on the sofa. I was too drunk to go and get changed and I enjoyed this show. I noticed that my glass was full again and there were a lot of empty beer bottles by bobby's feet. I took a quick swig and layed back on the sofa putting my feet up on bobby's. He put his arms over my legs and a hand on my bare leg. My black heels were hanging off the edge of the sofa. I was feeling so relaxed. 

Another scene came on where two women were going at it. There was thrusting and kissing and hands disappearing up skirts. I could see Bobby adjusting himself down there. His hand was lightly tracing up and down my legs. I closed my eyes and let the feeling go through me. His hand got a bit confident and started to go up my skirt. My legs parted without thought and I let Bobby explore me. I felt his finger tips trace the lace of my thong and I let him. I could hear the moans on the TV and at the same time Bobby pushed my thong to the side and pressed against my pussy lips. I heard the squelch of my dripping wet pussy and I could smell the sex in the air. My eyes still closed I felt his finger in and out of me. My legs were apart fully letting him finger me.  

He stopped for a moment and my lips were grasping at where his fingers were only moments ago. Then I felt a wetness and pressure and I looked down. His face was hurried between my legs and his tongue was flicking over my clit at a rapid speed. His hand was now feeling my breasts over my shirt and I felt like I was in highschool again. His tongue was magic the way it started to edge my body to orgasm with each flick. His fingers found my hard nipple through my shirt and bra and that was it. I was cumming so hard. Years of sexual frustration being released. Never had I squirted and I never knew it was even a think but today I soaked bobby's face. My hips thrusting without control and my juices pouring down his chin and onto the back of my skirt. The thin material on my underwear doing little to help soak it up. I was fucking screaming with lust and Bobby just looked up and smiled with my wetness all over his face. 

I didn't need anyone to tell me how wrong this was. I needed his cock inside me and the look in my eyes told him to do it. In moments his shorts were on the other side of the TV and his thick cock was inside me. Even though I hadn't been entered in years he sipped in with ease probably because I was so wet. He was on top and his eyes fixed on my bouncing tits. I ripped my shirt off so he had a better view. He started to pound me relentlessly on the sofa like the horny young man he was. I was cumming on his cock so hard! My eyes rolling to the back of my head. He pulled out before I could climax and my pussy felt the loss of his thick meat.

He motioned for me to get on the floor and I did not hesitate. I was on my knees facing the long mirror we had in the living room. I could see him about to fuck me from behind and he could see my face while he stuck me with his prick. He unclipped my bra.

"No Bobby! Please!" I said.

"Why mum?" He asked.

"Bobby I'm 41, I wouldn't want to put you off. Women my age who have had kids don't look so great without support." I explained.

He slowly took it off and reached around and gave my sagging soft breast a squeeze. He let go and started to fuck me watching my tits flying around. He forced every inch inside of my and gave me one hell of an orgasm. The world stopped and I felt a wave of hot cum fill every physical and emotional space inside me. I was more than complete. He thrusted a few more time making sure I was full up. 

While still inside of me he turned my face to his and kissed me. His cock flopped out and he went to clean it up. I started to find my clothes and put them back on. I got to the stairs and Bobby was at the top.

"So mum, what other outfits do you think aren't appropriate?" He asked with a smirk across his face. He went back to his room. I continued to mine and got in the shower. I washed the sex from my skin and I felt like I could go another 10 rounds. I came out of the shower but I didn't want to go to bed. I was drunk as fuck and I had just felt alive for the first time in years. 

My body betrayed me and I was in bed and asleep until midday. I woke up with a splitting headache and spent most of the day in bed watching TV. I did a little cleaning about the house. I was in bed watching a film at about 9pm and I heard Bobby come back. I heard a girls voice too. I recognised it as his girlfriend voice. She did sometimes come over but she never stay usually. 

I heard them both giggling and coming up the stairs. They both went into bobby's room and I heard Bobby saying to her that I wasn't at home till later. After a few minutes I could hear her moaning. She thought I wasn't in but Bobby knew. This was all for my benefit and I loved it. The headboard banging against the wall and his girlfriend screaming the roof down. I knew how good it was and she wasn't taking. I let my hands wander picturing the two fucking. I pictured him on her forcing his monster prick into her while he was holding on to the bed post for leverage while he smashed her lucky brains out. My clit was hard and I was rubbing furiously. The room filled with the scent of sex and I was rubbing to orgasm while Bobby was fucking his girlfriend to the same end. 

I was lying in bed which was a bit damp from my sweat when I heard bobby's girl leaving. It was now 11pm and I didn't feel fully satisfied. I needed his cock tonight. He gave me a fun idea. He mentioned before about dress up and I had a few costumes form about 10 years ago that I wore at Halloween parties. I guess for women it's more about looking sexy at Halloween than scary.

I went to my wardrobe and had to look right at the back in the corner on the floor to find my old stuff. One year I dressed as a police woman and I knew I had the stuff still. I found the shirt with the black shoulder bars saying WPC S3XY. I found the matching skirt and the utility belt. The belt still had the handcuffs, baton and pouch for condoms. Won't be needing no condoms tonight. I pulled out a black lace bra that barely supported my C cups and started getting dressed. The shirt was a snug fit and I had to loosen the belt slightly as I wasn't as skinny as I had been a few years ago it seems. I put on some red lipstick and the black police jacket which I zipped up to build suspense. 

I went to his door and knocked. He answered quickly and looked me up and down.

"I'm here about a noise compliant. The lady next door said she could hear sounds of a woman screaming and being impaired." I said with a smile.

"Come in officer..." He looked at my shoulder to read. "Officer sexy? We'll come in sexy" he said.

I walked in and got him to take a seat on his bed. I asked him what he had been doing this last hour.

"Well officer I have an iron clad alibi. I had my girlfriend over." He pulled the sheets back. "You see here on the bed I fucked her hard while her head was snacking on the headboard. I filled her cunt full of my cum and you can see where it's still wet from the cum drip." He explained. 

I was so fucking wet right now. The damp patch was huge! Hope he had enough left for me.

"What's a cum drip?" I asked.

"Oh, that's when you cum inside a girl and it then comes back out and drips down her butt cheeks onto the bed. Sometimes it might come out after a girl gets up. This will either get on a girls underwear or go down her leg." He explained.

I had heard enough and I needed him now. I could feel my pussy dripping down my leg. I pushed him on the bed and straddled him. We kissed for a bit. Our tongues twisting in each others mouths and my hips trying to thrust through Bobby. He unzipped my jacket and started to fondle me over my shirt. I stopped kissing him for a moment and he pulled me back by my black tie.

My hands pulled his shorts off and I was back to straddling him again. I forced his cock in my and my eyes just rolled to the back of my head. His dick was pure pleasure and I loved it. I bucked my hips about on his cock so hard. I forced my chest into his face as I was ridding him. I was moaning like a slut and I looked down into his face as he was stretching my hole. 

He picked me up and spun me round onto his bed. I was now on my back with him thrusting into me. He took my handcuffs out of my pouch and cuffed me to a bed post with both my hands. He fucked me now bound like a slave. He took off my tie and started to undo my shirt until just the top of my cleavage was on show. He pounded me into a sweaty orgasm with my body twitching violently. He withdrew his hard cock which was dripping with my fluids but not his own. 

"Well mum, you'll have to stay here the night while I have my fun." He laughed.

He walked to the end of the bed. My arms were outstretched over my head still. He took my tie and tied on leg to a bed post. He then got out a tie from his cupboard and bound my other leg. I was so vulnerable to him now. I was his slave to dominate how he pleased. But he didn't. He left the room and then the house. For some reason I was still turned on, dripping with excitement for what was going to happen tonight.

About a half hour later he came back and I called for him. I got no reply from him but heard him coming up the stairs. He came in with a bag. He pulled out a gag first. He put it in my mouth and tied it tight. I let out a muffled yelp in a playful way but hardly anything came out. This was soo hot!

He then pulled out a mask and out it on himself. It was a rubber horror mask which I'll be honest I didn't understand. He then got a tripod out of the cupboard ready for his phone to go on it. Now I understood, he didn't want to recognised on the camera and he didn't want me to say his name. I had made my horny son into something more.

He took his pants off and left his top on. His cock fully erect he got between my legs with his phone in hand ready to go.

"Right, I'm going to take this gag off. If you scream or say my name I'll gag you and start again." He said. He took off my gag and began the recording. He pointed the camera at my face first then down to my chest where my bra cups were just sticking out were my shirt had been undone. 

It went down to where Bobby had hiked my skirt up. Off camera he undid the ties that were holding my legs down. He then pointed the lens at his monster erection before putting it on the stand.

From that position it would capture me from head to toe. He pushed his cock into my wet begging pussy and I let out a moan. I was a slut to his cock and he knew it. He lifted my leg above my head and I must have looked like a porn star on that camera. He put his hand round the back of my neck and pulled my body closer to his. I was screaming at this point. My body had a mind of its own and my pussy was holding on to his cock. I had my 3rd climax for the night. I legs shaking and my pussy stretched to new levels. 

He pulled out and knelt beside me on the bed. I looked him straight in the cock. He started to wank over me. Hot white cum flooding my face and breasts. Covering my uniform shirt and making one hell of a mess. He pushed the end of his prick in my mouth and I tasted his salty cum for the first time. It tasted so good. I sucked it all in.

He pulled it back out and went to his camera. He reviewed it for a bit while I was on my come down. He put his phone away and came over to untie me.

My wrists had little marks on them now. I sat up and I could feel the cum dripping off my face and on to my chest.

"This video of you is on my cloud. You do as I say and I won't send it to all your Facebook friends. They won't know it's me but they will see you. You're going to be my slave in any way I want. Now clean up and go to bed." He said with authority. 

I showered and got myself off to sleep. I had no idea what was in store for me tomorrow but I was excited.