 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content, and also non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*

Don Wilson lounged back on the couch in his living room, his beady eyes squinting with lustful anticipation. His big right hand let the newspaper he was perusing droop against his heavy thigh as he stared greedily at his eighteen-year-old niece, Judy, who was just coming home from school.

"How was school today, honey?" It made his mouth water just to look at her up close like this. That maroon gingham dress came down to about three inches above her round knees, and it hugged the upstanding, rounded, tightly spaced cheeks of her sexy, firm young ass.

The short sleeves let him see the smooth white skin of her arms, and they had already started to get nice and round and squeezable above the elbows up to where they fitted into her straight shoulders. He could see how surprisingly firm and perky her titties were. They set high on her chest and were spaced wide apart, the size of big Florida oranges, with nipples that were already starting to make themselves visible through the bra tight up against the gingham.

His eyes swiftly swept down her bare legs to the cute little red sneakers she wore. The way she walked made her titties shove out against the gingham and also made her lower dress shape out her long ripe, rounded thighs.

"Aren't you forgetting what day this is, Judy?"

"Oh!" She frowned slightly, and then shrugged. "Sure, it's my birthday. No big deal and I'm not looking for any presents, Uncle Don.



"Well, then I guess it's time for your birthday spanks," he slyly said.

"Oh gosh, Uncle Don, please don't! I'm getting too old for that," Judy protested, her face turning a becoming pink as she lowered her eyes, troubled by the lewd grin on his face.



"Well, now, youngster, I suppose I have to understand your point of view even if I don't like it any. But now you've got to take your birthday spanks. I won't be hard on you, Judy. Come on now," as he seated himself on the low sofa. "Get yourself over my lap and count out nineteen."

"I'm eighteen," she stammered, getting very red in the face and backing away a little.

"Sure you are, only it's that one to grow on which makes it nineteen. Now get right over here and don't fuss about it. I declare, Judy, you keep this arguing up, you and me are gonna have some words, I can tell you that right now."

Biting her lips, hot color suffusing her cheeks and forehead, Judy Wilson at last meekly walked over to her Uncle, her hands clasped behind her back, as she laid herself across his lap and closed her eyes to hide her own humiliation from herself.

He could feel his prick hardening as her soft belly squirmed uneasily over his lap, and he curved his hairy left arm over her slim waist. As he did so, the gingham dress tightened, shaping out the already delightfully curvaceous flare of her young hips and solid firm bottom.

Biting her lips with furious embarrassment, Judy Wilson closed her eyes very tightly and clenched her teeth as she pressed her fingers down on the floor to balance herself. Draped over his lap as she was now, her buttocks arched up provocatively against the thin material of her dress and the skimpy panties beneath.



Don Wilson's eyes glinted with lust as he saw the smooth milky purity of his niece's deeply hollowed, beautifully sculptured back and the already ripening columns of her smoothly muscled, nervously flexing thighs. His prick ached savagely as he cleared his throat and laid his heavy right palm on the summit of her right buttock. "Now then, you ready for your birthday spanks, Judy girl? Don't forget, you gotta count them out loud enough for your uncle to hear."

"Please just hurry and do it, Uncle Don," Judy gasped through set teeth as she pressed her hands down hard as she could against the floor and tightened all her muscles in an instinctive defense.

Licking his lips, tightening the grip of his left hand against her side, he lifted his right hand and brought it down abruptly, flattening the bouncy curve of her temptingly upturned resilient buttock.

"Ouch! That's one!" Judy promptly exclaimed, squirming nervously and bowing her head down even lower than before as she tried to obliterate her awareness of this immodest exposure before her uncle.

Smack! His big hand swiftly plummeted down to flatten the lower curve of her left buttock. Judy's legs kicked up, crossed, rubbed together with shinbone rasping against velvety milky calf, then thrust down hard against the floor as she announced, "Ouch, two!" in a somewhat more flurried tone. The girl squirmed, glancing back at him, feeling the excitement in his hard hand as it rested on her upturned bottom.

"Please, do you have to...to feel me up like that, Uncle Don? Won't you please sp-spank me and get it over with?" she implored.

"Now you mind your tongue Judy, or it'll go even harder on your cute butt," he chuckled lecherously. He rubbed his palm all over both huddling ass cheeks till Judy's face was scarlet with her outraged young indignation.

The third spank came down almost immediately, and then the fourth, each flattening the base of a buttock, each being duly announced. But by now Judy's voice was trembling with sobs, choking gasps and tears, for he had been pitilessly vigorous in applying these usually playful spanks.

Due to her twisting and squirming her dress had already hiked up enough to show several inches of luscious creamy thigh and the glossy white fabric of her tight-fitting panties. The panties hugged the cheeks of her voluptuous young bottom like a second skin, shaping out even the sinuous, narrow crease between the tightly set rotundities. They also revealed an inch or two of the base of her milky posterior



Smack! Once again his hand came down on the crease of her panty-clad behind. "Oh, this is horrible! Simply awful! Please!" Judy was nearly beside herself with anger and humiliation. Glancing back over her shoulder to confirm how obscenely she was exposed, the distraught young woman shut her eyes as if to block out the sight and hastily turned her head away.

Once again he lingeringly caressed his niece's panty-sheathed behind, and Judy again groaned feverishly and looked over her shoulder: "Oh please-please don't do that! That's no fair, please won't you just spank me and get done with it, Uncle Don?"



"Well, get ready for some more now, since you'd rather be spanked than petted!" And with this, he energetically administered the fifth spank right over the crease of both huddling rounded buttocks, drawing a stifled and prolonged cry of discomfort from the young sufferer across his lap.

"Oww, that hurts! Six!"

"That fast enough for you, Judy honey?" he sarcastically demanded as once again he rubbed his palm all over Judy's twitching, huddling, and trembling bottom. His prick was gigantic by now, and he knew perfectly well that the little bitch had to feel it rubbing against her belly the way she was squirming around under the spanks. He lifted his hand and applied a rather playful spank to the top of her right hip, but as soon as she had counted it, delivered a really stinging and noisy spank at the outer edge of the left buttock.

Judy shifted uneasily, because there was something hard poking her tummy from the middle of his lap. She knew what it was, and her cheeks were flaming at the idea. He was acting real crazy, and she didn't know what she was going to do because now she really was all alone with him, him and his ideas.



Crack! His hand came down on her right globe.

"Owwww, please go easy on me! That hurt a lot," she plaintively complained, then quickly, before he could rebuke her for forgetfulness, called out, "Seven!"

Goddamn, Don Wilson thought to himself, look at that juicy, squirmy ass twitch and wriggle! Judy doesn't know it yet, but she's as ready for fucking as she's ever gonna be. Just look at those cute sexy white legs of hers squirm and rub together, just like she's thinking of grabbing a big hard cock inside her cute little pink cunt and holding on tight and snapping at it to bite it off! Tonight's the night she's gonna get fucked her first time, and that'll be her real birthday present, so help me!

"Relax, Judy honey," he chuckled thickly, "don't flinch like that, just let yourself go. Jeez, have you got a cute hind end, though!"

Judy had never felt so ashamed before, lying there with her dress way up so he could see her bare skin. And she knew how thin and skimpy the little panties were. This was just awful, and already her bottom was starting to smart and tingle. He had such a big heavy hand!

Crack! It came down again, on the base of her right buttock, and it took her by surprise and she called out, "Owweee, eight, that's eight, Uncle Don!" just as it landed again on the other cheek in exactly the same place. She kicked up one bare leg, and called out, "Ouch, owwww, that's nine! Please get it over with, please, this is awful!"



"Awful?" he mimicked her, letting his hand rest where it had just fallen and slyly and slowly moving his palm all over the quivering, tingling, springy flesh under the skimpy panties. "Why, these here are love taps, Judy honey."

Crack! His hand came down again, on the base of her left buttock, and it took her by surprise and she called out, "Owweee, eight, that's eight, Uncle Don!" just as it landed again on the other cheek in exactly the

Smack! His hand landed on her left bottom globe, allowing his fingers to slide between the crevice of her warm, satiny buttocks and lewdly down the inside of her creamy upper thigh.



"Don't do that!" she squirmed and reached her right arm back in a vain attempt to stop his lewd stroking. He easily held her arm, and her movements rubbed against his prick which was gigantic by now.

He finished the spanking with several good hard but quick slaps. She called them out in turn, and lay there squirming and twisting a little. Her cheeks were very red and a few tears stung her eyes as his big hand pressed intimately over the crevice of her bottom-cheeks

"There," his voice was suspiciously hoarse and thick and shuddering, "you can get up now. Why don't you give me a nice big hug, Judy sweetie?"

Judy slipped down off his lap and swayed as she got to her feet, pulling down her gingham dress, her cheeks flaming. Looking at him in anger she blinked her eyes to clear the misty tears away. Don Wilson reached for his young niece, but Judy uttered a sob and ran from the room.