 Her Office

In the cutthroat world of big law, Samantha knew how to play the game. She was close to becoming the first female Managing Partner of a major Boston law firm, and her competition was sitting in her office.

"I wish you all the best," Yvonne said with the fakest of smiles as she raised her mug of coffee in salute. "May the most talented woman win."

Samantha smiled back, more sincerely. "Good luck to you, as well. I think either of us could do an amazing job in that position."

As with most office feuds, the rivals were best friends in the office. In many ways, big law firms are like Game of Thrones. However, instead of using swords, people use verbal abilities to cut down their opponents. 

Samantha wondered what strategy her 'friend' had in mind as they eyed each other with phony smiles. It took guts to sit down, face to face, as drama unfolded behind them.

Could this really be a peace offering?

Doubtful.

"By the way," Yvonne said with another wide smile, flipping her hair. "Is your son still coming to intern for you this summer?"

Samantha's poker face was of award-winning caliber as she held herself together. Internally, she seethed at the idea that her son might be dragged into the fray. This battle had just reached a new low! 

She briefly re-considered having her son intern here for the summer. But she realized her 'friend' would win this round if she backed off so easily. And her son would suffer if he lost a chance to intern at this powerful law firm.

"Oh, he'll be here," Samantha said with a laugh. "He's really excited to come work with me in my office."

"I'm sure. So, is he still interested in becoming a lawyer?"

"Definitely. He sees himself in law. It must run in his genes," she shrugged, trying to look nonchalant. 

"Ohhh. More importantly, is he single?"

Samantha laughed. "Yeah, he is, actually."

Yvonne winked. "Just think how nice it would be to work with him every day. But then again, he's become so handsome that you'd probably spend half your time fighting off all the single women in this building."

Now the claws were out, full force! Outwardly, of course, they continued to smile and giggle.

Samantha was positive that her best friend would use her son as a weapon. With the right tactics, it was definitely doable. Having her son in the office could be used to make Samantha look more like a nagging mother than a powerful attorney. Women are experts at making each other look weak. 

"Well, Chris is focused on his future," Samantha countered. "As a matter of fact, a few of the Partners have met him and they think he's a great fit to intern at this firm."

It was pleasing to see Yvonne wince. Recovering quickly, the rival's expression slowly morphed into a grin.

Yvonne reached into her pocket. "Oh, I almost forgot! There's something I want to show you. I hope you don't mind."

"Why would I mind?"

"Jealousy, maybe. It's a beautiful little watch. I bought it from an antique store last year and the owner showed me how to use it in case of an emergency. Would you like to see it?"

It was gold, weathered with age, and hung on a chain.

Samantha shrugged. "Sure, why not? It's very pretty."

"Okay, great. Promise you won't hate me though. I sincerely hope we can still be friends once this is all over, no matter who gets the top spot at this firm."

"Absolutely."

Yvonne held out the small timepiece and slowly swung it back and forth.

Back and forth.

Back and forth...

Ladies Room

Two weeks later. Samantha was adamant that this was the proudest moment of her life. Seeing her son stand in her office, wearing a sharp suit and carrying a briefcase almost brought a tear to her eye. 

"What a dream come true!" she said, unable to contain her glee.

Lunging forward, she hugged him forcefully. It was the kind of embrace she had given Chris millions of times, but never while they both wore suits. It was a feeling Samantha enjoyed.

Chris laughed. "Thanks, mom. I guess I owe it all to you."

"Yep, that's right," she said, letting go of him. "I worked my butt off in this law firm and now you're reaping the benefits. Don't you forget it, handsome."

Samantha did what came naturally and fixed Chris's outfit, ensuring an immaculate appearance. Her fingers worked nimbly to straighten his tie and then smooth his jacket.

He laughed. "Okay, okay. I really appreciate it. It'll be fun working together."

Time suddenly stood still for Samantha as those words echoed in her head. 

...fun working together...

Oddly, that phrase seemed to trigger an unusual response in Samantha. It was as if she had just experienced a burst of adrenaline. Her pulse quickened and she began to feel restless. Confused, her eyes narrowed and tried to determine why she felt so unnerved.

She shook her head, snapping out of it.

"Remember, this is a huge opportunity," she reminded. "An internship at this firm will brighten your resume. So make your efforts worthwhile."

"Trust me. I know what an opportunity it is to work here."

She playfully pinched his nose. "That's my guy."

"And if I decide to go to law school?" he asked with charm. "

"You'd want a job here," she confirmed with a raised eyebrow.

"Yeah, I mean, that would be great, wouldn't it? Something reasonable. I'd expect to start at the very bottom and work my way up."

"That could be interesting. I'd boss you around all day, though."

"I'm used to that," he joked. "Just kidding. But we're around each other all the time. I'm sure we'd get along working together in the office."

Once again, those words seemed to trigger a strange reaction in Samantha's mind. Her entire body froze and she had a deer-in-the-headlights look.

"Ummm... mom?" he asked. "Are you okay?"

With great effort, she focused on Chris. "Oh, sorry. Yes, you're right, it could be fun working together."

The moment those words left her mouth, Samantha felt her brain repeating the same mantra... working together... working together... It was extremely bizarre and she began to feel dizzy. Was the room spinning?

"Are you sure?" he asked, looking closely at her with concern. "You look like you're having a hot flash." 

"I'm fine, really, I am. Thanks for checking on me."

His eyes remain skeptical. "Alright, if you say so. Seriously, if there's anything wrong, it's better to say something."

For some reason, the vision of Chris in his suit, speaking so assertively was an immense turn-on. Samantha was shocked to discover she was deeply aroused by her son!

She forced a smile. "I'm fine. We should get started soon. You'll be tasked with keeping track of the paperwork and filing deadlines. Since you're a tech whiz, you'll also be handling electronic stuff. I'll ease you in with those sorts of menial tasks."

"Very cool," he replied, nodding. "Sounds like we'll be working together in your office every day."

Samantha's legs reflexively clenched so hard, they nearly crossed at the notion of being stuck in the office with her son.

Her mental focused imploded, replaced by naughty thoughts which swirled in her mind. She was affected both physically and mentally. Her bra suddenly felt tight as her nipples became erect and her hips began to sway. 

Every adult gets aroused at work, it's simply human nature. This was completely different.

Not only was this the horniest she had ever felt in the office, she was now lusting after her own son! She found her eyes examining Chris's lips, wishing she could kiss him. Even worse, her eyes wandered even lower as she pondered the appearance of his cock.

She politely smiled. "It's been a busy morning and I've already had three cups of coffee. Excuse me while I use the ladies room."

"Oh, okay. I'll catch up on emails while you're gone."

"Sounds good."

*

Samantha walked briskly towards the door. In dire straights, she rushed across the hall, worried that fluids would drip down her thighs. Samantha enjoyed her sexuality as much as the next woman, but this was totally ridiculous, almost to the point of being a medical emergency.

Once inside the bathroom, she put down the seat cover and sat on the toilet. She didn't really need to pee. Her current physical compulsion was, quite frankly, shocking. 

Literally shaking with desire, Samantha pulled her panties to the side. As expected, they were more than just moist. They were drenched with her pussy fluids.

The moment her two fingers made contact with her clit, she felt focused. It had been so long since she had been intimate with a man that regular masturbation had become her necessity. 

She was extremely efficient at getting herself off. Typically, she would begin making slow circles on her clit with one hand, while using fingers from the other to slowly penetrate her slit. However, her current need was such that she frantically rubbed her engorged button and shoved three fingers into her cunt.

Years of rigorous yoga allowed her to spread her legs wide open while masturbating, giving herself the deepest penetration possible. After only three minutes of furious masturbation, she shattered. Tremors radiated from the center of her body. Whether it was her unusual body position or the unconventional location, this orgasm was on another level of intensity. 

Throughout the entire masturbation session, only one mental image had flashed in her mind like a neon billboard. Her son! The more she pictured Chris, the longer her convulsions continued until, at last, her body nearly collapsed on the seat.

Sitting for several minutes, she took deep gasps of air and dissected her own behavior. Never, over the course of her long and illustrious career, had she ever masturbated at work! Even more confusing, it was her own son that was the source of this lewdness.

Still slightly dizzy, she knew something was off. Way off.

Thinking with a clearer head, she zeroed in on a recent memory. She vaguely recalled having a discussion about her son's internship with Yvonne. Searching deeply, she remembered some details of that conversation and its passive-aggressive nature. 

She recalled being shown the rustic watch, inscribed with ominous words, which was waved back and forth. It likely meant one thing.

'That bitch,' she muttered, realizing what had most likely happened to her.

Her Office 

The most difficult part the next morning was avoiding Yvonne. On a typical day, they always, always, always chatted about the latest gossip, whatever that might be. It was their routine. 

Now Samantha felt volatile, ready to explode at any moment if she saw her 'best friend.' The fact that Yvonne made zero effort to swing by her office for a quick chat was all the proof she needed that this treachery was real.

She had spent the previous night calling and emailing various hypnotists, and they all came to the same conclusion. Only the person who 'casts the spell' can ever fully remove it.

Would she give Yvonne the satisfaction of showing weakness by begging for a cure? Hell no! Samantha was more determined than ever to ride things out until the firm announced who would be moving up the ranks.

Until then, she was huddled in the office with another lawyer and a few of her paralegals, discussing strategies for a deposition that would take place within the hour. As a mother, she felt proud that her son was seeing her in action. She was pleased that Chris looked so engaged in this process.

"Are we all clear?" Samantha asked the group. "Good. They should be here soon so we should move to the conference room."

"Is your son coming, too?" the other lawyer joked.

What was meant to be a teasing comment suddenly provoked an intense reaction out of her. It was intoxicating.

Samantha forced the words out of her mouth. "Chris will help set up the recording equipment. That's his job. He won't be in the room during the deposition. Alright? Let's go."

Everyone gathered their things and headed over to the conference room. Usually she'd be leading the pack. But this time, she pretended to look down at her documents for a final review.

When everyone left, Samantha stood on shaky legs. She knew something had to be done, and right away. As her son was about to leave the office, she stopped him.

"Wait," she said, doubling over as if in pain. "I need to tell you something."

He sighed. "Mom, if you need to see a doctor, we can always..."

"No, no, nothing like that."

"Then why are you hunched over?" he asked. "You're usually more energetic than I am."

She exhaled and mustered her strength. "Look, this has to do with Yvonne and the big promotion we're competing for."

"Oh really," Chris smiled slyly.

Her son's reaction made Samantha angry. Yvonne was a hot, sexy lawyer, and she knew Chris had always found her attractive.

"Well, we're competing for the same job," she said, abruptly. "And you know how fiercely competitive lawyer cans be. We live to win."

"What are you saying?"

"Think about Game of Thrones, but set in the legal world."

"What does that mean?" he chuckled. "Yvonne poisoned you?"

She huffed. "No. But I have reason to believe that Yvonne has placed me under a form of hypnosis."

"Huh?" Chris was genuinely baffled and his laughter ground to a halt.

"I know it's crazy. But I have proof."

"Where?"

Samantha sighed harshly and lifted the front of her skirt to reveal black, silk panties. Turning her head to the side, she used her thumb to pull down the front of her panties. Without even looking, she knew her son would be taking a peek. Any guy would look at a beautiful pussy, regardless of whom it belonged.

Confident in the evidence, she straightened her panties and smoothed her skirt.

"There's the proof," she said, looking her son in the eyes. "I remember Yvonne doing something to me nearly two weeks ago."

Chris gulped. "You mean, that's the reason... your... umm..."

"Yes, Christopher. Hypnosis is the reason my pussy looks like a leaky faucet. It's okay, we can speak about this like adults."

"Whatever it is, you have a deposition soon."

She pursed her lips for a moment. "Chris, doing this kind of job means you'll need an unshakable work ethic. You'll often have to work long hours and read tons of legal documents. There are also times when you'll have to do things that are uncomfortable."

"What do you need me to do?" he whispered.

"I need a hand. Literally."

Chris took a small step back. "Seriously? Before the deposition?"

"It's a massive lawsuit and I can't go in like this. It'll be recorded, and right now, I'm a raging mess."

"Ummm... okay mom... I don't know if this hypnosis thing is real, but I can help with whatever you need. We'll sort it out later."

In one swift motion, Samantha grabbed her son's wrist and pulled his hand under her skirt, placing it down her panties. Naturally, Chris was stunned and attempted to pull away, but she wouldn't let him. Looking him in the eyes, her desperation was clear. 

"Fingers," she said. "I know what I need, and from who."

"You want me to... you know... finish this?"

She heard uncertainty in her son's voice and saw reluctance in his eyes. At the same time, when she looked down, Chris was very obviously sporting an erection. Relieved that her son was aroused too, she savored the feeling of his fingertips on the outer layer of her cunt.

"Yes," she said. "Make me cum before the deposition so I can think straight."

At first, Samantha saw the hesitation on her son's face, afraid to penetrate her pussy. Under normal circumstances, she would have smacked him silly. Tentatively, one finger circled her opening and Samantha nearly collapsed. When she began to moan from pleasure, her son gained confidence. Her steamy tunnel was prodded and Chris's finger inserted halfway before adding a second finger. The fingers pushed further until fully in her dripping pussy. After adding his thumb to her clit, she was nearly out of her mind with ecstasy.

Her son had skills! Feeling Chris fingering her hot, wet core was an incredibly stimulating sensation. It was impossible to know if it was just the hypnosis, or if she was naturally responsive to her son's sexual attention.

Either way, Chris was pushing all the right buttons. At this pace, she'd cum soon. 

"Working?" he whispered in her ear, while rubbing.

"Yes, thank you." 

To truly thank her son for these efforts, Samantha grasped the outline of his massive erection his through his pants, making him flinch. She knew her son was enjoying the little squeezes and she continued to pulse her fingers firmly around his shaft. 

With the mutual masturbation going on in her office, a burgeoning explosion gathered force in both Samantha's mind and body. In a matter of moments, Samantha surrendered to an extraordinary climax. 

At first, her pussy clenched around the fingers of her son, as if holding on for dear life. Then rhythmic contractions began and her entire body was swept up into an orgasmic outburst. She felt a flood of juice gush from her quivering channel and coat her son's hand. Far from embarrassed, she was immensely relieved.

Slowly but surely, her senses returned to normal. She took a cleansing breath and felt like she had just finished her favorite yoga and meditation class.

"Thanks for the hand," she quipped. "Now let's go. I recommend washing and drying your hands in the bathroom before touching any of the equipment. We wouldn't want to leave any stains."

She winked at Chris and signaled for him to release her pussy. 

Conference Room 

After an awkward lunch break, it was back to work and Samantha sat in her office with her son. She tried focusing on the case, but it seemed useless. After her son had fingered her pussy to an orgasm that morning, how could she possibly think about anything else?

There was, however, a meeting to contend with in one hour. The Partners of the firm were set to meet in the conference room to discuss a potential new fee structure for clients. It was also Samantha's last chance to make a strong impression in front of the power players. She knew her rival would have the same goal in mind.

Sure enough, minutes later, she received a text from Yvonne, telling her to check her email. She went straight to the computer on her desk and found the new message.

Hi Sam,

I noticed you looked a bit flustered when I saw you in the hallway earlier. Everything alright? I know things are stressful lately : )

Anyway, as we're both aware, a few interesting topics will be discussed at the meeting today. Honestly, I'm so nervous that my panties are twisting. Are yours? Try going to the conference room early to relax. At least you have your handsome & sexy son there with you. I'm sure that'll put you at ease.

See you soon. Tick tock!

x Yvonne

There must have been code words hidden in that email. Suddenly, Samantha was keenly aware that her mind was spinning and her pussy was moistening in preparation for a good hard fuck. From her son of all people! Chris was the only candidate in her mind for any sexual relief. 

"Damn it," she snapped.

"What's wrong?"

"I think you know."

"Is it something Yvonne related?" Chris asked. "Are you... ummm..."

She nodded. "Right before a big meeting. That bitch is tricky."

Chris looked conflicted and Samantha couldn't determine if that was a good thing or not. Was he actually enjoying her career threatening predicament?!

"Mom, you have to take care of it," he said firmly. "Don't let her win. You should go to the bathroom and handle it before the meeting. Or, if necessary, I guess I could, you know..."

She raised an eyebrow, "Help me?"

"Sure, I mean, if you need me to."

The very thought of Chris's hands returning to her needy pussy stole her breath. Was this part of the hypnosis? Or was this stroking previously undiscovered desires? Either way, she couldn't think straight.
