 Kellan is 19

Misty is 18

I made it in enough time to catch the second half of the game. The usually long commute from the university took even longer because there had been an accident due to slippery roads. I pulled into the driveway over snow and trekked through the foot-high, cold fluff to the front porch. I entered through the door into a very warm and inviting space. Finally back home.

I hadn't been there since moving into my dorm room about four months earlier and decided to visit my parents and my sister this weekend. I removed my boots and hung my coat on one of the hooks on the wall of the small foyer off the livingroom and then walked through to see Twilight on the wall mounted, 55 inch flatscreen. Then I looked over to see my little sister, Misty, lying on her side, asleep on the couch.

The sight was honestly quite adorable, if not alluring. Her light blonde, feathery hair lay carelessly about her head and the arm of the couch I was standing next to. She clearly hadn't done anything to it but it was still super cute. She slept peacefully with a serene expression on her youthful face. Her features, her button nose, her little pink lips and her rounded face complete with slightly puffy cheeks, so sweet and delicate. Her porcelain skin, creamy, light and soft.

She was wearing her white tshirt with the pink fox graphic on it she often wore as a pajama top. But either it had risen up in her sleep or she had outgrown it because her taut, narrow midriff was showing, revealing the small, silver belly ring I never knew she wore. My eyes, enticed by wonder, drifted down to the seductive curve of my sister's hips, where I could see the small, ruffled edge of her panties. To my disappointment, there was a thin but annoyingly opaque, red blanket covering her most intimate parts.

I silently berated myself for a moment for even wanting to see more of my little sister's body. It wasn't right to lust for it, no matter how luscious, sexy and supple it looked. And the fact I hadn't ever been laid, though it added to the fire of my frustrated libido, was no excuse. 

I thought I would be swimming in sex once I started college, but my focus on studying stifled my social life just as it did in high school. I was almost always horny and it seemed like a cruel joke to come home to my sexy little sis in such a state. I looked away, cleared my mind, took a deep breath and stilled myself. 

I set my bag down there on the floor by the side of the couch and walked around to sit near Misty's feet. From there I started to look around for the remote so I could turn the game on. Not finding it on the coffee table, the floor, in the couch cushions or any of the usual spots, I figured Misty must have it. 

Convincing myself I had good reason to do so, I lifted the blanket off my sister's lower body, manifesting her full, aqua blue sheer panties and sightly, hairless legs. The girl's well-proportioned, fleshy thighs led to nice legs and cute little pedicured feet. Since she was on her side, I couldn't see her crotch from where I sat. And though I wanted to take a peek, she would have been creeped out if she had woken up to me perving on her. I resolved to simply look for the TV remote.

When I couldn't find it I decided I'd have to wake her. I covered her again with the blanket and began to shake her arm. "Misty," I whispered. "Misty, where's the remote?" She started to stir out of her sleep, stretching in a cutesy, catlike manner before opening her pretty, brown eyes.

"Kellan? What're you doing here?" she asked, yawning. 

"Came home for the weekend. Wanted to see mom and dad," I replied.

"Just mom and dad, huh," she scoffed and pouted.

"Yeah, who else would I wanna see," I said snickering to myself.

"Well that's too bad. I'm the only one here. Mom and dad went to Seattle for their anniversary."

"Oh, yeah. Totally forgot about that," I said scratching my head. "Well I guess I'll be stuck with you for a couple days."

"No, I'm stuck with you! It was gonna be a peaceful day until you showed up," she joked and we both laughed. "No, but seriously, I did miss you though," She said finally. 

It warmed my heart but I didn't want to dwell and get all syrupy. "Yeah, me too. Hey, where's the remote?" I abruptly changed the subject.

"Right here, but I'm watching this," she said as she produced the remote from between the couch cushions behind her, the only place I couldn't have looked. 

"But you're asleep," I objected, reaching out for the object in her hand as she pulled it away past her head. As she lifted her arm, her shirt came up more, showing more of her sexy core. "C'mon I gotta watch the game. If we win this one we're in the playoffs."

"But I'm watching this. It's a Twilight marathon!" Misty whined as she held the remote tightly in her hand away from me. I'm not sure if I thought this was the best way to get the remote out of her hand, or if I just wanted to touch her, but I used my fingers to tickle her exposed sides and she started to immediately giggle and wiggle around. It's a shame how such a juvenile act made my cock react to her in a way it never had before.

I learned over her, still tickling with one hand, and tried to reach the remote with the other hand. She then turned over and tucked the remote close to her chest, and before I could think, my hand followed the clicker like a heat-seeking missile to the warm valley between her breasts. "No!" Misty giggled as she pushed the remote further down her body until it was between her legs where I couldn't, but probably more importantly, shouldn't have tried to reach.

My fingertips could feel the warm, smooth flesh of my little sister's lower abdomen and I was sure that if my hand sank any further down it would probably accidentally push her panties down with it, so I pulled my arm back up out from beneath her. And I was so concious of where my hand was I didn't realized my hips were right where her ass was underneath the covers. I quickly dismounted, my cock now just a little more solid in my jogging pants than before. "C'mon, Misty. Don't you already have this movie anyway?"

She left the remote between her legs underneath herself and rested her head on her folded arms, turning her face to the screen. "A few of them, but not the whole set."

"So, you don't have this one?" I asked, hoping she did.

"I think I do, but I'm already here and I don't feel like moving," she said.

"But, why can't you just watch this one on DVD and then by the time it's over, the game will be too," I suggested the obvious win-win scenario. But she lay silently ignoring every word I said, apparently too engrossed in the old ass movie to hear me.

Without warning, I yanked the cover off her sheer pantied bottom and naked legs then gouged the remote out from in between, my hand brushing up against the gusset of the flimsy fabric. I briefly noted that that was the first time I ever touched a girl's panties while she was still in them. I tried to shrug it off, even though my cock had already reacted to it and became a little more engorged. 

I sat further away, in the corner part of the big, L-shaped sofa as I tried to change the channel. "That's not fair!" Misty shouted as she jumped up off her spot onto me before I could even enter the numbers. I thought she would be a little more modest since she was basically bottomless, but she straddled my hips with her knees on the couch, trying to hold me in place so she could grab the device from my hand.

I clenched the thing in my fist and she struggled to loosen my grip. "Kellan! Give me back the remote! I was here first!" Her begging was funny to me, let alone adorably cute how her face was all pouty. I started to laugh at her, making her pout even more, intensifying the adorableness. That is, until she decided to bite my arm. 

"Ow! What the hell!?" I shouted, pushing her face away from the bicep she just bit. And I don't know why, maybe it was because she was virtually sitting naked on my cock when she did it, but her biting me made my cock jolt. I thought her being her usual annoying self would make all the lust go away, but it only made it stronger. Am I a sicko or something? I silently asked myself. 

Unfortunately, there was no time for introspection as I had to protect myself from a little sexy vampire while still trying to catch the game. As she tried to come in for what I guess would be another bite (or else, a kiss) somewhere on my neck or shoulder area, I pushed her away, inadvertently squashing her tender left breast in the process of pinning her back to the sofa with me straddling her.

I turned the TV to the game and then tossed the remote to the perpendicular side of the couch so I could finish subduing Misty, who was still wriggling and writhing and giggling gaily beneath me. I was sure she was unaware that all her tossing caused her mid section to bump and slide up against my hardening shaft, so I tried my best to ignore it too as I wrestled her down into the couch cushions. She struggled and flailed wildly but I was finally able to get both her arms together, behind her back as she lay on her stomach.

Once all the jousting stopped, we ended up in a rather evocative position. I had my hips pressed against her ass to keep her hips in place (honestly), holding her wrists in one hand between my stomach and her back. I was excited to finally able to see the score, tied in the middle of the third quarter, and also excited to feel my sister's supple ass pressed up against my manhood. I was content to stay that way for the duration of the game, for one reason if not the other.

Misty must have just gotten out of the shower too, because she smelled delicious, like vanilla mixed with a pastry shop. It made me wonder if her lusciously supple body tasted as good as it looked. At that point, I could understand the urge to bite another person. 

"Okay, Okay! I yield. You can watch your stupid game," Misty submitted. 

"Yeah, I believe you," I said sarcastically, not budging an inch. 

"Really, I quit. I was DVR-ing it any way. Look, the red light is on. I'll stop, I promise."

Her promise and the red light were enough to convince me and I released her hands first to make sure she wouldn't try anything. "You sure?" I asked one last time, making an excuse to keep myself pinned to her nubile behind. 

"Yes, Kellan," she said in an exasperated tone.

At that, I lifted up off her, looking down at her butt to get what I thought would be a final glimpse of her ass through her see through, blue panties. But what I found was even more blessed; that thanks to our little scuffle, her panties were pulled halfway down her curved bottom. As quickly as I noticed it though, she was snatching them up again and I had to look away before I was caught staring at what still could be seen. 

We settled back on the couch next to each other and she sat on her foot, half indian style without even re-covering herself with the red blanket. I thought her heel must have been pressed right into her pussy sitting like that and it sent my imagination in a lewd direction. I did my best to erase the thoughts and focus on the game, never glancing over to her but hardly able to restrain my cock from reaching its fully erect state. And worse, I was wearing sweatpants and I could spot Misty in the corner of my eye, sporadically glancing down at the protrusion in the grey cotton.

I just stared straight ahead, unable to even comprehend what was happening on the screen, hoping to God she would stop looking or that the erection would go away. But after a long while, neither happened and my heart sank when she spoke. 

"Ummmm... Kellan?" came Misty's curious voice.

Please don't ask about it. Please don't ask what I know you're about to, I prayed.

"Yeah?" I answered nonchalantly, not turning my face away from the TV to look at her due to shame.

"Ummm... why is your thing hard?" she asked.

"Huh?" I said, feigning stupidity and also disinterest in my sexy little sister.

"I know sometimes guys randomly get hard, but it's usually in the morning when they wake up. And... it's not going away," she said.

"Oh, that," I chuckled nervously, "yeah, it happens sometimes when you... uh... it just happens. Just ignore it. It'll go away."

"Does it hurt?" she asked naively. 

"What?" I laughed and finally looked over to her. "No, it the opposite of hurts," I said mistakenly honestly. 

"So, it feels good?"

"No, I meant... it just doesn't hurt," I corrected myself with a lie.

"Oh," she paused. "Is it... is it hard... because of me? I mean, should I put some clothes on?"

Dammit! Do I admit she turns me on or do I let her continue to turn me on? It's a no brainer. "No, you're ok," I said. Wrong answer idiot!

"Ok," Misty said, finally ending her line of questioning for the moment.

But after a few more minutes passed, my cock had not deflated at all and she started to stare, rather than steal glances at it. "Hey, Kell?"

I turned my head in her direction and raised my eyebrows to answer. "Can I... do you think I could... touch it?"

"W-wh-wha-what!?" I exclaimed incredulously, looking at her like she was nuts. 

"I... just... never mind! Forget I even asked, I'm sorry," she retreated, obviously embarrassed about what she had just asked. Her cheeks went red and she hung her head, covering her face shamefully. I felt guilty, making her feel like a pervert when I was the one sporting wood at the sight of her. For that, I figured I should at least hear her out. It's not like having my sister asking to touch my hard cock was the worst thing in the world. Not even close.

"Well, why do you want to touch it?" I asked, trying to soothe her embarrassment and also to bring the whole cock touching thing back into the realm of possibilities.

"I... just wanted to know what it feels like," she said softly, uncovering her face, "I never felt one before... well, except yours... but I only felt it on my butt though. I wanted to feel one in my hand... but forget it."

"Oh," I said absently, petrified that she actually felt my snake on her ass, like I didn't know the sense of touch goes both ways. I waited nervously in awkward silence, hoping her curiosity was still piqued. When a few moments passed, I knew she would never make such an embarrassing request again, especially given my initial reaction. It was up to me to ask. "So... do you still want to... or?" was the best I could do. My heart rate skyrocketed as soon as the timid sentence left my shaky lips.

Misty looked over at me, surprised with a hint of glee in her eyes and her voice. "Can I!? Um- I mean, can I?" she corrected her tone to sound less excited, making me chuckle a bit before nodding my consent.

I stretched my arms out along the top of the sofa and gave Misty full control. She tentatively took my member between her small fingers and gave it a bit of a squeeze. "Oh man," she whispered, probably realizing her hands were finally around her first cock. Or maybe I was the only one to think that. The first time a girl ever touched my cock is my own little sister! I was beside myself, but I was playing it cool. 

She handled my stiff penis very shyly at first and then with more confidence, eyes full of intrigue as she leaned it to the left and right, dragging around the mountain of grey cotton like a joystick. Misty then grabbed hold of the waistband and looked up from my crotch to my eyes. "Can I...?" she asked.

"Yeah, go ahead," I said nonchalantly as my heart skipped a beat and then sped up. My sister's eyes drew back down to the task at hand then slowly yanked down on my pants, exposing my throbbing cock to the open air. There it stood. All of about six and a half inches of meat proudly pointing to the ceiling.

"Wow, It's so big!" my virgin little sister exclaimed. Now, I always thought I had a pretty standard piece of equipment but somehow, the words of someone who had never even seen a cock before made me rethink it. Not only that, but I noticed her nipples had become prominently noticeable through her little pajama top, indicating her own arousal. I received a big confidence boost from that moment on.

Misty wrapped her hand around my cock again, but this time I was able to feel her soft, cool hand on my heated flesh. It felt really good and I almost let out a moan but caught myself. Nevertheless, I couldn't help that my cock twitched in reaction, making Misty smile widely which caused me to relax more. I was relieved she didn't think I was a total creep for my dick's reactions. She once again tilted it in different directions, I suppose to get different angles of it, but then she pulled upward on it and then back down. I let out a light but still audible sigh, unable to contain such a good feeling. Misty was still smiling and seemed amused more than anything else. 

"Oh! Why is it wet here? Did you umm... cum?" she quizzed naively as she slid her thumb across the slick tip of my mushroom. 

"No. It's just precum. It happens when things are feeling... really good," I was surprised I felt so comfortable explaining that I was enjoying this. I suppose I knew instinctively that we had already crossed some barrier and it was now ok to let my sister know her psuedo-handjob was turning me on.

"Oh," she whispered and kept slowly jerking my cock up, down, and side to side, continuing to (probably unconsciously) stimulate the tip with her wet thumb. She was being careful not to actually keep jerking up and down like she was masturbating me, but was innocent and exploratory, examining the feel by squeezing and scoping it from every possible angle. Once she became sufficiently familiar with my cock, it seems, she lifted the band on my pants again and tucked it back inside. "Well, I guess that's it... um... thanks," came her awkward appreciation. 

We gave each other a friendly smile, squelching all the awkwardness of the moment, and put our eyes back on the TV, but my mind was still on what had just happened and I'm sure hers was too. The game was still on, but I had lost all interest since I was nervously contemplating how I could get more sexual gratification from my gorgeous, angel-handed little sister. And rather than simply asking her to keep playing with my cock, I had a better, more subtle idea.

I glanced over at her nervously. I was jittery to even ask but I couldn't let the opportunity pass. "Hey, uh..." she looked over at me with a slight smirk and raised her eyebrows, "you uhh... could I like... see your boobs? I mean, it's only fair..." I said.

She blushed pink and smiled sweetly. "Yeah, I guess it's only right," she giggled in a stupidly cute, but somewhat naughty tone I'll never forget. She turned toward me on the sofa, still sitting on her foot, and lifted her shirt up from the bottom slowly, revealing more and more of her fantastic, yummy-looking mid section. 

Misty stopped right underneath her breasts and the sight was already amazing. A little bit of the underside of her breasts, her smooth tummy, the little sexy belly ring and her sheer blue panties I was now seeing from the front. I couldn't see her slit or anything, but I was able to see through to her pelvis which was shaven completely smooth from what I could tell. I wished I could get a full view but asking that would have probably literally given me a heart attack.

"What's wrong?" I said, now looking my sister in her face. She had frozen in place.

"Nothing, Kell. I-" she began giggling. "I'm nervous," she said and then started giggling again. "I never showed a guy my boobs before."

"Well, you don't have to if you don't want to," I said, a little disappointed that I had to say it, but I definitely didn't want to force my sister to show me anything if she wasn't comfortable. 
