 The Usual Disclaimer: This is a work of fantasy. All characters featured in sexual situations are over 18. The characters in these stories are fictional. Any resemblance to actual persons living, dead or undead is purely coincidental. Do not try this at home.

This is a sequel to Into the Attic. If you haven't read that story, this may seem awfully abrupt. Thanks again to Gobred for collaborating with me on this story, and to Pat for pointing out a slew of errors that I had somehow overlooked. Thanks, guys, the story would not have been the same without your help.

*****

My sister's insistent little hand awoke me the next morning. She was slowly stroking my cock, and she smiled lovingly when my eyes opened. We had left the bedside lamp on, and that soft illumination lit Hope's lovely face. A glance at my clock told me the sun would not be up for hours yet.

"Good morning," she murmured, leaning in for a nice kiss.

"Good morning to you, sexy," I replied.

My bed, like Colleen's, was only a twin. Because the bed was so narrow, I had my arm wrapped around Hope's silky backside to keep her from rolling off of the bed. Her magnificent breasts were squashed against my chest, and the tip of my cock rubbed against her upper thigh as her hand stroked the shaft. I slid my hand down her back and squeezed her sexy bottom, drawing a moan from her lips.

Hope still smelled fresh after her late-night shower. I hoped I didn't stink. I managed to avoid the embarrassment of sniffing my armpit to make sure, but I was tempted. I gave her a lopsided grin.

"You're up awfully early on a Saturday," I said. "Did you have something planned?"

She gave me a wicked smile and leaned in to lick my earlobe before whispering hotly into my ear.

"I sure do," she hissed, "I found this big, fat cock this morning." She gave my shaft a squeeze for emphasis before continuing, "I'm just dying to find out how it feels in my ass."

I couldn't help but groan at that. My hard dick lurched in her grasp when she said it, and I was all kinds of ready...but there was one little thing...

"Hope," I said softly, "I've never done that before. I'm afraid of hurting you."

She pulled her head back and her eyes blazed as she regarded me. Clearly, it turned her on to be my first. I felt her nipples hardening and pressing against my chest. My sister kissed me again, this time driving her tongue into my mouth and moaning as I responded to her hunger. After that kiss, she carefully rolled from my bed and pulled her oversized t-shirt back over her head.

"Come on!" she hissed.

I slid from the bed and grabbed my own t-shirt and boxers. When I pulled the shirt over my head, I gasped to feel Hope's wet mouth close on the head of my cock. I struggled into the shirt, and then looked down at my sexy sister on her knees in front of me. She gave it three hard sucks before pulling her mouth off of it and stroking it with her hand.

"You have a really nice penis," she sighed. "It looked so good just then. I couldn't help myself."

She slurped it back into her mouth again and bobbed her head on it a few more times before rising to kiss me.

"Should I put on my boxers?" I asked.

"No, just bring them," she replied, leading me by my dick over to the bedroom door.

Hope unlocked the door and opened it. She stroked my shaft while peering out into the darkened hallway. I disengaged from her for a moment so I could walk over and turn off my lamp. Hope had a curious expression until I had done that. After the lamp was off, I couldn't see her at all. I stood and waited for my eyes to adjust. I couldn't help but imagine that I would bump into Hope in the darkness.

"Daniel?" she whispered after a second.

"Go ahead," I replied. "I don't want to run into you. I'll just follow you, okay?"

"Okay," she answered.

I could already hear that she was moving away from me. I did bump into the doorframe on my way out. Not so much that it hurt; it just made me think about putting a nightlight in somewhere. Hope turned on her bedroom lamp, and that light seemed awfully bright. I hustled into her room and pushed the door closed, locking it before turning to face my horny sister.

I don't know what I was expecting, but it certainly wasn't to see her rummaging through her purse. I was spared asking a stupid question when she pulled out a small bottle and held it up with a grin. I walked over to her and raised an eyebrow. It was labeled 'anal lube.' Knowing that my sweet sister carried that around in her purse...wow, that made me look at her in a whole new light.

I was a little relieved when she removed the lid and had to peel back a plastic tamper seal. Up to that moment, I was beginning to wonder what kind of anal slut my sister was. She had carried this around in her purse, but hadn't used it. I followed her over to her bedside, and watched open-mouthed as she bent over and slid a shiny finger into her asshole.

I stood behind her and stroked my painfully hard cock while she put on a show of lubricating her tight little hole for me. She put a bit more lube on her finger, and then handed me the bottle. Once again, she bent over, but now she was moaning and working two fingers into her sphincter. I finally peeled my eyes from that captivating sight and regarded the bottle in my hand.

"Um, what do I do?" I whispered.

She looked at my face and then stood up. Her eyebrows knitted in thought for a bit. She nodded her head as she came to a conclusion. She reached out her hand.

"Here," she said. "Let me have that."

I handed her the bottle.

"Now lie down on my bed on your back," she instructed. "I'll take care of everything this time."

As I lay on her bed and she began applying the lube to my cock, I couldn't help but think that I was squarely in the middle of two of my spy cameras at that moment. Later I would be able to watch this action from two different perspectives. When I had installed those cameras, I had hoped to see one of my sisters having sex. I just never imagined the first time I got to see it, it would be with me.

"Take off your shirt," Hope whispered, as she removed hers.

I sat up a bit and did, tossing it to the floor near my boxers. Hope straddled my hips, and that put her succulent nipples right in front of my face. She cooed at me as I sucked her nipples. I felt her reach behind her and grasp the base of my shaft, and then the incredible hot tightness of her sphincter closed on the tip of my dick. I closed my eyes and savored the sensation, but at the same time I was imagining how it looked from behind my sister's shapely ass.

I could clearly picture Hope's pink rubbery ring in my mind. I had come repeatedly with it zoomed in on my computer screen over the past two weeks, imagining how it would feel to slide my dick into that welcoming little hole. Hope groaned into my hair when the head of my cock finally popped inside that snug embrace.

"Don't move!" she breathed.

I nodded in response, my mouth still full of her heaving breast. My sister's ass was unbelievably tight. I could not imagine that this would work, at that moment. Her hole just seemed far too tiny to accommodate the thickness of my shaft. Moments later, though, her sweet ass was doing just that. Hope was making the most arousing little noises in her throat as she worked my length into her. She stopped moving once she had all of me inside her, just breathing into my neck. I released her breast from my mouth.

"Are you alright?" I whispered.

"Fantastic!" she hissed back. "I was just savoring this. My ass feels so full right now."

She moved her sexy bottom in little circles in my lap, which felt amazing for me. It got even better when she started rising and dropping back down, driving my cock in and out of her horny asshole. She pushed me flat on my back and put her hands on my chest as she began to ride me harder and harder. My sister looked so fucking sexy above me. Her tits were waving around like mad, and her face had an expression of pure lust I will take to my grave.

It was all too much, and I felt my orgasm coming on like a thunderstorm.

"I'm going to come!" I gasped out.

"Yes!" she hissed, drooling a bit. "Do it! Come in my ass!"

As soon as the first rope of my semen shot out, her ass clamped down on my full length and squeezed me through the rest of my orgasm. Hope shook and groaned above me. Her body shuddered each time my cock unleashed another shot inside her. When her clutching asshole had milked me dry, she collapsed onto my chest.

"Oh my god, Daniel," she panted. "That was even more amazing than I dreamed."

"You dreamed about me fucking your ass?" I asked.

She nodded and kissed my collarbone and shoulder.

"I sure did," she replied. "Only, in the dream it was always you who took charge when you did it."

* * *

I really wanted to spend more time with Hope after that, but we both knew I had to go. Our dad always got up really early on Saturday mornings, and we didn't want to risk getting caught. I went to my room while Hope showered, and I gave her a few minutes to clear out of the bathroom before I went in for my own shower.

Sure enough, my dad was awake when I walked from the bathroom.

"Hey, good morning, Daniel," he called from down the hall. "I'm surprised you're up this early today. Did you have any plans?"

Other than fucking my sister in her sweet ass? No, Dad, not really.

I smiled at him as that ran through my head.

"I just felt like grabbing a shower," I said. "I felt a little funky this morning. I'm not sure why I'm up so early, since I turned off my alarm this time."

"Would you mind helping me with the lawn?" he asked. "I wanted to get it knocked out before it gets too warm outside. The two of us could get it done in no time."

"Sure thing, Dad," I said, continuing on to my room.

I got dressed in shorts and a tank top again, and we joked around while we mowed, edged and raked up the grass. It wasn't that hard, and I actually had fun with my dad. Still, the morning sun did have us sweaty before we finished, and the grass clippings had this annoying way of getting inside everything. I swear, I even got grass inside my underwear—and it wasn't like I ever sat down in the grass.

We were in the garage afterwards, putting the weed whacker, rakes and lawnmower away. I pulled off my shoes and shook out grass clippings onto the driveway. I was shaking my head when Dad did the same thing. We walked back into the garage and he hit the button to close the garage door.

Mom and Hope were awake and sitting at the dining room table when we walked through the house.

"Are we going to get another show today?" my mother teased us with a lecherous grin.

Dad and I both laughed at that, continuing on to the laundry room. He looked over at me and chuckled, shaking his head.

"You know what? I'm going to do it!" he said, stripping off his clothes while I watched. "You don't have to, Daniel."

I had only been planning to strip down to my boxers, but then I watched my dad strip naked and walk out just far enough that my mom could see him before dashing into their bedroom. I finished taking off everything but my boxers, and that was when I discovered the cloying grass clippings inside them. That was what pushed me to give the ladies their show.

Now, I was sweaty and felt a little gross. I could feel little bits of grass all over my skin. So, I wasn't hard when I walked out of the laundry room carrying my shoes. My mother gasped when she saw me, and Hope turned to look at me with wide eyes. Mom's eyes were glued to my dick, and she licked her lips. That got me started. I wasn't rushing through the house, so by the time I reached the living room I was fully erect.

I reflected that it wasn't even ten in the morning on a Saturday, and yet this was already my second shower. Just getting all that sweat and those annoying grass clippings off of my body made me feel like a whole new human. I got out of the shower and dried off. I saw my mother was no longer at the dining room table as I crossed the hall.

Back in my room, I locked the door and popped open the laptop before pulling on a fresh pair of boxers. I brought up the camera feeds. Colleen was sound asleep in her room. My parents were fucking like champs in theirs.

I grabbed the headphones and backed up the video feed while I put them on. I started playing it from the moment my mother came into the room and closed the door behind her. I heard the shower running, and could see Dad taking a shower in the bathroom screen. I was showering in the bathroom I shared with my sisters at the same time.

I isolated the screen and sound feed from my parents' room. My mother was muttering to herself as she stripped her clothes from her body.

"Oh my god, I am so fucking turned on." She was barely audible, sitting at the foot of her bed and spreading her legs.

Of course, that put her squarely in the middle of the screen. I could see her wet pussy clearly as she reached down to touch it with a moan. She squeezed her heaving breasts and diddled her pussy, eventually dropping back to lie on the bed with her legs spread. After a few minutes, the back of my father's head obscured my view.

He pounced on her like a wild cat. It was exactly what she wanted. She hissed in his ear as my father pounded her pussy, but that was directed right at the camera. It felt like she was whispering to me as my father fucked her.

"I can't believe the two of you did that," she started. "That got me so fucking horny!"

"Oh, really?" my dad replied. "Daniel gave you a show, too?"

"Not just me," she answered. "He just cruised by the table, cool as could be, while Hope and I both watched him. I got to watch his dick get harder with every step."

Dad stopped thrusting and lifted his head and shoulders so he could see her face.

"You really want him to fuck you, don't you?" he growled.

He didn't sound mad when he said it. He sounded close to orgasm. My mother sounded like she was coming when she cried out her reply.

"Yes!" she wailed. "Oh, god, yes! I want to feel my son's cock inside me. I want to be a bad mommy, and feel my son shooting his cum deep in my pussy. OH! Just like you are now, you naughty man."

My hand was a blur on my own cock. I was so close to coming...but then a knock on my bedroom door made me jump right into the air. I frantically shut down the laptop and tucked my throbbing boner into my boxers before taking a deep breath. I was almost calm when I opened the door.

Hope barged in, and she had a wild look in her eyes.

"What are you doing?" she demanded.

I have become so adept at lying to her—to everyone—that it just came naturally to my lips.

"It's embarrassing, Hope," I whispered. "I had grass clippings all up in my butt crack. I didn't want anyone to see me checking, you know, to make sure I got it all cleaned out."

She couldn't help but laugh, picturing that. I feigned indignance.

"See!" I said. "I shouldn't have told you."

"I was waiting in my room, naked, for you to come in and fuck me after your shower," she hissed. "I know mom and dad are fucking in their room right now. And you know what? I'll bet mom is thinking about you while she lets dad fuck her."

"Damn," I groaned. "That is messed up, Hope."

Her eyes lit up when she saw my erect shaft through the opening in my boxers.

"It turns you on, though, doesn't it?" she whispered, reaching for my dick.

I bit my lip, unable to deny it. Hope pushed my door closed and dropped to her knees, taking me in her wet mouth. That blowjob was cut short when we heard Colleen's voice in the hallway.

"Hello?" she called. "Where is everybody?"

Hope stood and gave me a peck on the lips. I groaned and pushed my erection back into my boxers. I grabbed a long t-shirt and pulled it over my head as Hope went out to talk with Colleen. I went to grab a pair of shorts, but that drawer was empty. They were all in my laundry basket or out in the laundry room.

Looking in the mirror, I saw that the shirt did a decent job of hiding my arousal. I ran a comb through my hair and blew out a long breath. I grabbed my laundry basket and headed out to the laundry room. Hope and Colleen were seated at the dining room table, eating cereal.

"Hey, I'm going to start some laundry," I said. "Do you have anything that needs to be washed?"

"Let me check," Hope replied, getting up from the table.

Colleen mumbled around a mouthful of cereal before she also got up. She looked me over speculatively before she went off to her bedroom. The two of them returned with their laundry baskets a couple minutes later. I dumped those into the big hamper in the laundry room and handed them back, then sorted enough colored clothes into the washer to fill it before adding detergent and starting it.

It was a little weird, in retrospect. I knew from seeing them on those videos exactly which pairs of my sisters' panties, shorts and bras belonged to each of them. I had sorted a bunch of Colleen's clothes in with my shorts and some of my other dirty clothes. Obviously it would take another two loads to wash all that laundry.

I wandered out to the kitchen to get something to eat. My dad walked by, smelling freshly showered and with that gleam in his eye that told me he had just gotten some fantastic pussy.

"I'm off!" he announced. "You guys be good."

"Okay," I replied automatically.

I heard my sisters mumble similar, reflexive responses around their cereal.

For some reason, cereal just didn't sound appetizing at the time. I wanted a more substantial breakfast.

"I'm going to cook something," I said, looking at my sisters. "Would you like me to make you some eggs or something?"

They both shook their heads.

"We're going shopping after this," Hope replied, "but thanks."

I couldn't recall if Mom had eaten earlier. I walked over and knocked on her door before stepping in.

"Mom, I'm going to..." I froze.

She was still damp from the shower, bent over with her sexy ass pointed right at me. She stood and turned quickly, causing her big, hanging tits to jiggle and bounce as soon as they were in view. Her eyes were wide as she looked at me, and her arms shot up to shield her breasts.

Now, I had expected to find my mother freshly showered, but seeing her completely naked like this was a shock. I had intentionally planted the seed earlier, when I told my sisters that I had a thing for middle-aged housewives, knowing one of them would tell Mom. The next part of my plan had been to give her a hungry look so she would know I was interested in her. Now, I worried that I would be too obvious.

"Sorry!" I said quickly, forcing my eyes to the floor. "I'm going to make some eggs and maybe French toast. Would you like some?"

"Sure," she replied, still shielding her breasts behind her arms.

I couldn't help but allow my eyes to wander over her sexy body as I retreated from her room. She looked incredible. Her arms did nothing to hide her pussy. My gaze locked on her cleanly-shaved pubic mound and I licked my lips. I shook my head and murmured "sorry" again before backing away and closing the door behind me.

Colleen and Hope were rinsing out their cereal bowls when I returned to the kitchen. I got the eggs and milk from the refrigerator and set them on the counter next to the stove. That had my back to them, hiding my arousal. I got the cinnamon and nutmeg and began making the mix for dipping the French toast, trying not to think about my naked mother.

Hope and Colleen each hugged me briefly from behind before leaving me alone in the kitchen. By the time the eggs were cooked, they were dressed and headed out the door. They waved and said goodbye to my mother, who was just coming out of her bedroom. I dumped the scrambled eggs from the skillet onto a plate and started the first batch of French toast.
