 Lauren patiently waited for her son to arrive back at their Beverly Hills hotel room that morning. She had used her connections in the entertainment industry to get him an audition with the producers of an upcoming movie. 

She was surprised when Chris arrived sooner than expected and she greeted him while still dressed in her beautiful silk robe. Knowing her son so well, she immediately recognized the expression on his face. It was the look of an actor who was disappointed in his performance.

"Why the long face?" she asked, rubbing her son's shoulder.

He closed the door. "Why do you think?"

"That bad?"

He sighed, "Actually, I wasn't bad, it's that I was -- I don't know -- underwhelming I guess."

"It happens," Lauren replied with sympathy. "What did they say?"

"That the lead actress and I make a great looking couple. But they also think I'm 'too nice' for the role. At least they're giving me a chance to audition again tomorrow."

It made sense. Lauren knew her son was a sweet natured, mellow guy. That counts for a lot in life, but not necessarily in Hollywood. Movie studios frequently utilize actors with an edge, especially for this type of project.

The movie, an erotic spy thriller, explored Dom/sub themes and contained several graphic scenes. Chris wanted a small, but pivotal role in the movie as a love interest of the main female character. With an Oscar winning director, the movie was sure to be a big hit and would be the perfect vehicle for her son to increase his visibility.

Her son's discouraging try-out broke Lauren's heart. As a mother, her protective instinct shifted into overdrive. If her son wanted this part, she would do whatever it took to help him achieve his goal. And selfishly, she wanted her own legacy as an actress to continue through the success of her talented son.

"You're very lucky to have a second audition," Lauren said to bolster his mood. "It means they like you and they're still making up their minds. At worst, they're keeping you as a backup."

"Yeah. But honestly? Our preparation was totally off. I felt like a freaking statue compared to what they wanted. One of the producers even asked me if I was a virgin, that's how dry some of my acting was."

It was a fair point. The movie was highly risque and Lauren held back several times during their private rehearsals. As his mother, she had refused to practice any of the sexual dialogue with him. It just didn't seem proper.

Maybe it was time for a different strategy!

She managed a smile, "With my help, the producers will practically beg you to take the role."

"As a sexually dominant male? That's what they want. We'll have to work a miracle to make that happen. I still it's possible though, with the right... you know... techniques."

Lauren put a finger on her son's lips. "Well, actors have to act. The role is for a sexually dominant male, so that's what you'll become. Okay?"

When she removed her finger from Chris's lips, she saw a fire in his eyes. Her young man was clearly reinvigorated for this challenge. She was pleased that he had inherited her best qualities.

More importantly, she was proud that her son was driven to succeed. 

"What do I have to do?" he asked earnestly.

She drummed her fingers against her hips. "Now, this is the awkward part. I'll need you to... hmmm... how should I put this?"

"It's okay, mom. Let's just be mature. Treat me like I'm an acting student, who is anxious to learn your techniques."

Lauren raised an eyebrow. "Now you're opening Pandora's Box. If you really want me to act like a coach, I'll do it."

"That's exactly what I want," he smiled, lusting for knowledge.

She stared long and hard at her son. Was pursuing this role worth changing their mother/son relationship? In Hollywood, nothing is off limits when it comes to fame.  In this case, the potential payoff was attractive enough for Lauren to overcome her discomfort and she made her final decision.

"Fine," she said. "If you were my acting student, and not my son, then I'd recommend a more hands-on approach, like method acting."

"Now we're getting somewhere," he grinned.

With her hands on her hips, Lauren thought about how far she should push this transformation. But if Chris wanted a challenge, Lauren felt compelled to provide him with one.

"You and I are having lunch downstairs at the restaurant," she said. "As you may recall, there's a specific scene in the script between the lead female character and yours that takes place in an elegant restaurant.  Catch my drift?"

Chris's jaw dropped slightly. "Are you suggesting..."

"Afraid of a little roleplay with your mother?"

"Well, I mean, yeah. It's awkward."

"This will give you an edge," she reminded. "If you can learn to dominate me, just think how comfortable you'll be with any other actress."

The look of shock in Chris's eyes slowly morphed into confidence. 

"Right," he said casually. "My performance with the actress was stiff." 

She quipped, "If this training works out, you'll be stiff again."

"Huh!?"

"I'm kidding, I'm kidding," she laughed, as did her son.

"Seriously though, how far are we going?"

She looked around the room. "Well, let's see how far we need to go, but, I know the perfect way to start. Follow me."

Lauren grabbed her son's arm and pulled him towards her luggage. Together, they looked inside at her neatly arranged stylish clothes.

She rubbed her son's arm to bolster his confidence. "I'm only going to say this once. From now until the end of lunch, you have my permission to do whatever you want with me. Stick to the script as your guideline and fully embrace your dominance. Own me. Got it?"

It was exciting to see the determined look on her son's face. 

"I'm assuming you want me to pick your outfit," he said.

"Yes. Anything you want."

Lauren watched her son gulp as he navigated uncharted territory. Their boundaries had always been clear. She had raised Chris to be a gentleman and he treated her with respect at all times. 

She watched her son as he struggled to attack this role with conviction. Raising an eyebrow, he leaned over the suitcase and stared at her clothes, as if in deep thought. 

Chris pointed to a low cut white knit dress. "That one. And the black panties next to it."

"Nice choice. And for my bra?"

The detached look on his face was reassuring. Her son was really getting into character!

"No bra," he said, in a tone that brokered no argument. "But wear a thin jacket over it."

Lauren gasped at the choice of clothing because of her sizeable breasts.  She had no problem showing them off in the right setting. It was one thing to go braless for a ceremony or big Hollywood event. But flaunting her chest to her son?  While sitting across the table from him? In public?  

Though shocking, it was also strangely arousing. Lauren, like most people from Hollywood, was an exhibitionist at heart. 

"I like this new version of you," she giggled. "Strong and confident."

He stood firm. "We're both in character."

Knowing her son intimately, Lauren was sure Chris felt deeply conflicted about his behavior. Historically, he had always followed her instructions, not the other way around! 

But this is exactly what Lauren asked for. To make her son into a sex symbol, she needed him to delve further into the role.

The only problem now was, he was still looking at her!

"I'm naked under my robe and lingerie," she said curtly.

"Yes, I would imagine so."

Chris showed no sign of backing down, just like the character in the movie. Lauren felt slightly unnerved by this.

Her eyes narrowed. "Wait, are you asking me to undress in front of you?"

Finally, he relented with a smile. "I need to use the bathroom before we go. Be ready when I'm done."

This was much more realistic than their previous rehearsals. When the door to the bathroom closed, Lauren removed her silk robe and lingerie to stand completely naked in the hotel room.

Reaching inside the luggage, she pulled out the panties her son had selected, which happened to be quite small. She shimmied them over her hips and checked her reflection. Dressed only in the barely-there panties, she was satisfied that her intense exercise regimen was worth every second. Trim and toned, she was the epitome of a modern actress in her late forties.

When she turned to pick up the dress, her phone beeped. She went to her nightstand, where her phone was charging, and checked a text message from one of the producers.

Hey Lauren. I'm sure you've heard the news about today's audition. Chris has the right stuff and did well. We're looking at a couple others though. He's in second or third place. He could be first place! You need to push him more

Lauren pursed her lips after reading the message. She sat on the bed, still topless, and thought of her response.

In Hollywood, talent alone isn't always enough to land key roles; it also takes the right connections and the appropriate amount of tenacity.

She texted back: Give my Christopher a closer look tomorrow. We're trying new tactics and you'll be amazed! : )

Lauren smiled after sending the text, and just then, the bathroom door opened. Totally focused on texting the producer, she forgot about her state of undress and that her son would soon return.

Looking up, with her phone in hand, she was startled to see Chris ogling her tits. Though typically not shy, she immediately used her forearm to cover her suddenly erect pink nipples.

"I'm still dressing!" she hollered.

Still in character, Chris replied, while slowly turning his back, "You look beautiful. Don't be ashamed."

Lauren cringed while pulling on her dress, and before it was properly adjusted, she gave her son the okay signal.

"You can look now," she said, still adjusting the form-fitting fabric around her breasts. "I hope you appreciate this."

"I do, in more ways than you know," he said seriously, while watching.

Lauren made no effort to hide as she tucked her breasts in place. It was something every large breasted woman does while dressing in a tight dress. However, she was doing it in front of her son, which was very unorthodox. She juggled her fleshy tits while Chris gazed intently at the show, allowing him to admire her beauty. 

***

At that hour, the restaurant was fairly crowded. They were seated near a window by the street and had enough space for a private conversation. Once the waiter took their orders and collected the menus, they were left with nothing to do but look at each other while waiting for their food to arrive.

Lauren blushed, her fingers lightly pulling the thin jacket more tightly around her shoulders. Unbuttoned as it was, the jacket only covered the shape of her braless chest. However, her plunging neckline was on full display.

Women can tell when men peep at their bodies, and Lauren knew her son had glanced at her chest several times. With cleavage like hers, she was used to that kind of attention, but certainly not from her son.

"You're doing really well staying in character," she said. "But I want you to push yourself even more. Think about the restaurant scene in the script."

As if on cue, Lauren's phone beeped. She excused herself for having to look at her phone and saw a message from the same producer.

Your son has other tricks up his sleeve? Great! If both of you are free this afternoon, come back at 2 pm. More time today. We're busier tomorrow. Let me know. Thnx!

Lauren smiled and nodded her head.

"What is it?" Chris asked.

"I may have put in a good word with the producer. They're willing to give you another audition today after lunch. What do you think?"

His eyes lit up. "I'll be there."

"I'm going also. It'll be nice to catch up with old friends and perhaps I can give you pointers on eroticism when needed."

"You'll be my good luck charm."

Lauren texted back and finalized everything. Nailing the performance was critical and she needed to prod Chris to take the lead quickly.

"Not many people get second chances on the same day," she said, putting down the phone and looking at her son with love. "You've already come a long way, but there's room for improvement."

It sounded like a dare, but Lauren wanted to motivate her son. She was no different than any other mother who wanted the best for a son. Except this was an unconventional situation, with very naughty potential.

Lauren briefly felt nervous as she noticed Chris gaze around the room, gauging whether the coast was clear. Her heart pounded. She knew exactly where this was headed.

He leaned forward and assertively whispered, "No one is looking, and you know what I want."

Lauren was caught off guard by the confidence in her son's voice. He was already a new man!

Leaning forward, she giggled nervously and whispered, "Nice job. You sound so convincing. I almost believe that you actually want my panties."

Her son had a faintly amused look on his face, which both impressed and frightened her. 

"Make no mistake," he said, looking directly in her eyes without any evidence of hesitation. "Do it, now. I want those panties on the table."

Lauren mentally chided herself for pushing her son so far with method acting. Had she accidentally created a monster? In hindsight, some words of encouragement and re-reading the dialogue would have been good enough.

At a crossroads, she decided they might as well go all the way. Besides, her son had proven himself to be a real trooper. He earned the kinky show she was about to give.

Surveying the restaurant herself, she made sure no other diners were focused on their table. The coast was clear. In an upscale restaurant like this, people were typically consumed with their own important affairs.

Lauren surreptitiously began to pull up at the hem of the dress until it was at the level of her upper thighs. After slipping both hands under the fabric, she hooked both thumbs in the waistband of her panties, leaned forward and pulled them down, around her hips.  She performed the feat while looking directly at her son. In a matter of seconds, her panties were around her ankles and she lifted her feet off the floor to fully remove the small piece of fabric. 

Realizing her pussy was very wet, Lauren was shocked. Embarrassed, she hoped there wasn't a wet stain on the panties. She shifted her hips and allowed the warm Southern California air to brush gently across her sex.

"It's done," she said, proud of her accomplishment. "Your prize awaits."

He smiled. "Good girl. Now put them on the table."

Lauren hesitated and felt several degrees warmer. She tried to determine whether this was a joke, but her son looked serious and expectant.  Finally, after waiting several moments for him to relent, she knew what had to be done. 

With as much decorum as possible, she neatly folded the panties in a way that hid any potential wet stain. She reached across the table and dropped the package next to her son's unused fork.

This part wasn't even in the script. Her son was actually improvising! While proud, she was also concerned. What else did he have in mind?

She should have been furious. Under different circumstances, she would have scolded him like there was no tomorrow. Instead, she was impressed that her polite son was displaying such balls and fortitude. She wondered if Chris could smell the aroma emanating from her panties on the table.

"What are you doing?" she asked in a low hiss.

"I'm doing exactly what you suggested. I need to step up my game, unless of course... you can't handle it." 

At this point, Lauren backed into a corner by her son. Sensing his momentum build, she knew it was time to forge ahead.

"Keep going," she said, accepting this premise. "But keep in mind, if you fail to get the role and I did this for nothing, you can expect a slap on the face."

"And when I do get the part, what would you like in return?" he smiled.

"A fancy dinner would be nice."

"As long as you're wearing that dress," he smiled.

She gasped. "You're becoming quite convincing at this."

"Dip two fingers into your glass of wine," he said, smugly.

Lauren knew this line from the script!

"Excuse me?" she replied in disbelief.

"Just do as I say."

Again, Lauren was dumbfounded. How the tables had turned. If nothing else, she was glad for the opportunity to help Chris become an assertive young man. At this rate, he'd win an Oscar someday.

Flustered, she managed a smile as the tips of her two fingers dipped into the glass of Chianti. Her fingers moved slowly, swirling in the deep red wine. She knew what would come next.

"Look at those panties," he said seductively. "I see a wet spot right in the center.  You are such a naughty girl." 

She blushed. "Yes, I am."

"Tell me why."

Shaking her head, Lauren gulped, "It's a secret."

"It's not nice to keep secrets," he commented. "Tell me, now."

Lauren continued to twirl her fingers in the wine. "I shouldn't be wet. Yet, I am... even though you're my son. I'm doing this for you, and for some reason, it's arousing to me. I've been wet for the past hour."

The look on Chris's face became mixed. Would he stay in character, or revert back to her adorable, sweet, fawning son? 

"You know what to do now," he said, settling the question. "Put your wine dipped fingers under your dress and play with your clit."

Lauren felt the air being sucked out of her chest. Surely he must realize this could stain the back of her dress! People might notice as she walked out! What would they think?  

She had been on dates like this before, with men who liked to exert control. But this was different.  It felt surreal. 

While their eyes remained locked on each other, Lauren discreetly moved her hand past the hem of her dress and brushed against the soft skin of her inner thigh. Finding her sweet spot, the feel of the wine on her fingers was sensational.

Her first instinct was to touch her highly sensitive clitoris. When masturbating in the comfort of her bed at home, she liked to rub steadily in small circles. Given this new circumstance, she might cum in record time.

The revealing look on her face, along with her barely suppressed moans had her son smirking in satisfaction.  She knew he enjoyed watching her squirm. 

"Tell me about your pussy," he whispered, conspiratorially.

Lauren's jaw clenched for a moment. "That line isn't in the script."

"We're improvising," he suggested with a sly gleam in his eyes.

She almost laughed out loud. This was something Lauren had often stressed to her son because many directors and actors like to improvise. Now that acting training had come back to bite her on the ass.

"It... it looks like a butterfly," she confided, while playing with herself. "When my lips open, they look like wings and my clitoris sits under a small hood on top. Men have told me it's very beautiful."

"And?"

Lauren was in disbelief that her son was pushing her farther than previous lovers. There was no way he could know how much she responded to an authoritarian man. Swallowing hard, she tried to rein in her desire, but the assertive look in Chris's eyes made her tremble. Was he turned on by this, or just the best actor in the world?

Submitting, she answered bashfully. "My lips are light brown and in the center, there's a little pink entrance."

"You certainly seem to enjoy playing with yourself. I assume you're getting wetter. Insert a finger and tell me what you feel."

Lauren dipped one finger inside her core. "I'm hot, drenched and incredibly aroused. You got the trifecta out of me."

"Now make yourself cum."

"What?!" she gasped.

"While I'm staring at your face, you will make yourself cum, then lick your fingers. I've made myself clear."
