 It was a typical summer day in Florida. The sun was shining, birds were chirping, and per usual everybody flocked to the pool or the beach to cool down. So on this particular day, every pool lounger was taken; one of which by an 18 year old girl named Valerie. Valerie wore a pale pink string bikini with matching flip flops and a flimsy sarong cover up - which she promptly removed after her arrival.

Being that the pool Valerie went to was the pool in her Grandmother's retirement community, there weren't any other young people around so she mostly kept to herself. The older women mostly ignored her (or gossiped about her lack of modesty) as she laid on her lounger and worked on her tan while the old men tried to hide their glances at her pert breasts, which were threatening to spill out of her top.

The only person who openly watched Valerie was Nate, the lifeguard. Fortunately for him, nobody ever noticed him staring at her as he was usually sitting in his perch above the pool, sunglasses covering his eyes and whistle draped around his neck as he monitored the pool goers. Valerie's body was exactly what Nate adored. She had reddish brown hair with striking blue eyes and tan skin that always contrasted her bikini beautifully. She had endless legs and thick thighs that connected to wide child-bearing hips. Her waist curved inward, topped by a pert pair of D cup breasts that were just a little too wide for her frame. She wasn't model thin by any means -she even had a softness to her stomach that was not at all disproportionate for her frame or unattractive in the least- but her curves exuded a confidence that drew the eyes of men wherever she went. Nate always made sure to rub one out every day before beginning work, because in the hot sun with no privacy all day long, the threat of a constant semi-erection loomed over him if he didn't.

Just like any other day, Valerie laid out in the sun and let herself doze off. Slowly, clouds from the horizon cast shadows over the pool, foreshadowing bad weather in the near future. This wasn't uncommon for Florida, particularly in the afternoons. So the other residents' packed up their pool bags and left one by one, planning to return later in the day. After the last retiree closed the gate behind him, only Valerie and Nate were left in the pool. Technically Nate was required to watch over the pool unless there was lightning or a bad storm coming, be it rain or shine. So he took advantage of the opportunity to stare at Valerie openly while she slept, her breasts rising and falling slowly in her deep sleep. 

Nate felt his cock perk up and he looked around, finding the pool, clubhouse, and parking lot empty. Valerie was sound asleep, and he wasn't sure when he would ever have this opportunity again. He slipped the waistband of his red swimming trunks down and let his semi poke up, hardening each second as Nate fantasized about what he would love to do to the dozing girl on the lounger. He spat on his hand and began stroking himself slowly, ready to tuck his manhood away should she stir.

But she didn't. So Nate pulled up his bottoms and hesitantly climbed down from his chair. He walked over to her and noticed that the bottoms of her bikini were held up by two ties. He could see her nipples poking through her top, and he ached to know if she was trimmed, fully, or partially shaven. Holding his breath, Nate reached out and pulled the string of the first bow, watching the corner of her bikini sag down her hips. It fell away as he undid the other side, the fabric falling between her slightly parted thighs. He caught sight of her fully shaven pussy, blemish free, and surprisingly just as tan as the rest of her.

Nate was the hardest he'd been in a long time. He didn't have a girlfriend and his work and family duties left little time for him to go to bars and fuck other girls. He bent down and hesitantly ran his tongue over her slit, waiting to see if she would move. She didn't. So he poked his tongue further and grazed her clit, hidden behind her folds. Valerie moaned a little in her sleep and Nate kept gently lapping at her clit. Her pussy began to get wet, and her body shifted a little more in her sleep. Nate knew that at any second she was going to wake up, and in that moment he made a choice.

Nate yanked his swimmers down, and in one deft movement had his cock poised just above her entrance. The sensitive tip of his cock was resting in her now slick folds. He slowly pushed inside her, surprised when he came in contact with a barrier - her hymen.

"3, 2, 1..." he muttered to himself, pushing his thick cock inside her, breaking the barrier, and waking her up. Valerie cried out in pain, disoriented, as Nate's member entered her previously virgin pussy.

"What the hell is going on?" she exclaimed as Nate began thrusting, holding down her arms to keep her from fighting.

"I didn't know you were a virgin," he said, gritting his teeth.

"Like that would've stopped you!" she cried, "get off of me!" But Valerie clamped down on Nate the way only a virgin could and he was hooked. He kept thrusting inside her, and when he let her wrists go Valerie didn't fight him as he reached down to stroke her clit with his thumb.

"Ohhh fuck," she moaned softly, and then Nate reached around her neck to undo her top, watching as the strings slid down her tits. Her nipples were a light pinkish brown and her aereola roughly the size of quarters, the perfect size for her. Her breasts swayed and bounced as Nate thrust into her, and he couldn't take his eyes off them. Especially not when she reached up to play with her nipples.

"Oh my god you feel so good..." she gasped, and then raindrops began to fall from the cloudy sky. This only added to the experience as warm drops of water teased her nipples and reminded her how exposed her body was. He loved watching the raindrops glisten on her body, loved how they felt on his skin.

Valerie continued to gasp and moan as Nate's cock filled her, stretching her tight fuckhole. She bit her plump lip, arching her back as Nate pounded her. The thought that anybody could drive up to the pool and easily see them through the fence once they entered the parking lot was extremely arousing to her. She loved every moment of his cock inside her, loved his thumb teasing her clit, loved Nate's tongue on her nipple as he leaned down to suck on her. She'd never had an orgasm before, but she knew she was getting close to one.

Valerie hissed out in disappointment when Nate withdrew his cock. But he winked at her, brushing his soaking wet hair out of his eyes as he pulled her up from the pool lounger and laid down on it himself. He pulled her on top of him, facing away from him, and began to guide his cock back into her pussy.

Valerie moaned as she sank down onto his thick member, loving the new places inside her that were being stroked by his cockhead. But above all, she loved that she was now facing the parking lot, that her body was on display. She looked down and watched his cock ease inside her, her pussy lips spreading part to accommodate him because of how tight she was. She wanted some old man to witness her being taken and then to fuck her too. She wanted her cunt to drip with cum, and that's what she fantasized about as she fucked Nate over and over. 

Nate reaches around to rub Valerie's clit as she rode him, making her moan and whimper in response. The rain kept falling down the sky, flowing in tiny rivers down Valerie's breasts. Her nipples were harder than they'd ever been; her breasts bounced even more obscenely in this position than they had in the last. 

"Oh fuck yes, fuck my tight pussy!" She cried out as Nate moved his hips, meeting her thrust for thrust so the head of his cock brushed her cervix and his balls smacked against her ass every time. He rubbed her clit faster and faster, and she cried out louder.

"Oh fuck!" She said in surprise as she felt the buildup. "I think I'm getting close," she panted. The buildup sensation continued, but Valerie couldn't quite get to the peak. She knocked Nate's hand out of the way and decided to try doing it for herself. Her fingers found her bud and began stroking it.

"Ooh, yes," she said, finding her rhythm. It was difficult at first, like patting your head and rubbing your belly at the same time, but she kept on. Her pussy gripped Nate's cock even tighter than before as her orgasm grew. 

"Oh fuck, yes, yes, YES!" She cried out, and in the head of the moment Nate's shaft fell out of her fuckhole. Valerie arched her back as the orgasm rolled through her, and an arc of her juices shot over the pool lounger. At first Nate thought he'd Imagined it because of the rain, but jet after jet hit his legs as Valerie kept stroking her clit.

After Valerie finished, Nate gave his cock a few strokes and slid it gently back inside her cunt. She moaned and bucked a little, still sensitive from her climax, but didn't fight him when his manhood touched her cervix once more.

"Oh fuck," Nate said. He was ready, he knew as soon as he bottomed out inside Valerie's pussy. She began to ride him again and he thrust up into her with more urgency. 

"Oh shit," Nate said as Valerie's fingers fondled his balls, "let me pull out." It occurred to him that if Valerie was a virgin she likely was not on birth control, and he hadn't had any condoms with him. He could feel his orgasm rising, and he did not want any surprises.

"Let me pull out!" He said again, and he put his hands on her ass in an attempt to push her off him. Valerie gave Nate's balls a warning squeeze and he tensed, not wanting her to hurt him. 

"Oh god," he felt his climax rising, felt Valerie clench her tight cunt around his cock. She began o ride him faster.

"Oh!" He cried out, thrusting up inside her. Valerie moaned with him as he shot jet after jet of warm, potent cum straight to her womb. 

Nate stood up and shoved Valerie off him. She sank down into the lounger, legs open, and used her slim fingers to pull apart her slit. They were both mesmerized, watching Nate's cum drip from her pussy. 

As if he were being hypnotized, Nate got down in the lounger and pulled Valerie's hips forward. He could smell the musky scent of his cum mixed with her sweet juices, and he tentatively extended his tongue. He tasted the salty bitter taste of his semen and the sweeter taste of her arousal. 

Valerie ran her fingers through Nate's hair, grinding her pussy against his face. Nate continued to use his tongue to clean Valerie's tight fuckhole before drifting up to tease and suck on her clit.

"Ohhhh god yes," she moaned, grinding her clit against Nate's mouth. She had her eyes scrunched in pleasure but she opened them when she noticed the rain had stopped falling. In front of the gate- just as she had hoped- there was an old man with his cock in his hand. 

He was tall and mostly fit aside from his belly, and had a thinning shock of white hair. Valerie couldn't see from that distance but it looked like he had a decent sized cock. Nate's tongue began to prod Valerie's clit faster, and she reached up to play with her tits as she watched the old man jerk off. 

"Oh fuck that feels so good," she sighed, and then Nate pushed two digits inside her tight cunt.

"Oh my god, fuck me!" She cried, as Nate sucked on her clit and fucked her with his fingers, curling them to hit her g spot. Valerie squirmed and moaned as he hit her spot over and over again, pushing what was left of his own semen deeper inside her.

Valerie bucked her hips as the old man stroked his cock faster and faster. She imagined it was his cock inside her, ready to shoot his cum in her snatch. She pictured his balls slapping against her ass, the way he would suck on her nipples given the chance. 

"Oh god, I'm gonna cum!" She cried, and Nate fingered her faster, sucked harder on her clit. The old man shot his seed onto the ground, tilting his head back as it it the pavement. At this moment, Valerie squeezed her eyes shut and let the orgasm rip through her, her whole body convulsing just as Nate moved aside to avoid the arc of juices that shot from her pussy. 

"Mmm..." Valerie moaned softly when she was done. When she opened her eyes again the old man was gone and Nate was hastily standing, putting on his bathing suit.

"People are going to be coming back soon since the rain stopped," he said, and he gestured to Valerie's naked body, her thighs slick with her juices. She nodded and put her bikini back on, jumping in the pool as the first car pulled into the parking lot.

The old man who had watched Valerie orgasm arrived with some other residents some time later. He gave her a wink when she got out of the water to gather her things and leave. Sitting on her towel was a napkin, and on that napkin someone (she assumed it was the old man) had written:

"You were so hot earlier, but unless you want your Grandmother to find out, I suggest you come to the pool again tomorrow. Same time, wear your sluttiest bikini. Xxx."