 I was recently promoted and put in charge of developing the marketing materials for a new product. I have been involved in putting together other projects but this was the first where I was one responsible. At the recommendation of our Art department I contacted a local photographer before heading to the train and home.

While on the train I checked and saw that I received a reply from Todd, the photographer, with a link to his web site galleries and a list of dates / times he was available.

I spent the rest of the train ride browsing Todd's web site. He samples of product promotional photos he had done along with several galleries of different types of work he does. I idly scanned images of children, pets and executive portraits until I found a gallery titled glamour. This gallery caught my attention with images of women in sexy dresses and lingerie. I imagined myself as one of the models wearing a sexy dress or maybe undressing for the camera. That could be fun I thought but wasn't sure I had the looks, talent or courage to do any of it but it made for good day dream.

I sent off an email to Todd suggesting we schedule the product shoot for tomorrow afternoon if he was still available. Afterward I went back to his web site and saved some of my favorite images to my phone.

During dinner I mentioned having to setup a product photo session and the glamour images I saw on the web site to my husband, Mike. We talked about the images and he asked to see which I liked. He commented that they were very nice, sexy without being too much. I suggested I didn't think I had the looks or confidence to do pictures like that. He responded that he thought I would look pretty hot in photos. After dinner I kept thinking about my husband's response, that he would like to see a sexy picture of me.

I must have fallen asleep thinking about being a glamor model, when I woke in the morning all I wanted to do is put on some lingerie, call my husband at work and tell him what I was wearing and have him hurry home to find me lounging sexily. Of course I had a busy day ahead of me with the product photos this afternoon so that fantasy wasn't going to happen, at not least today.



I did comprise a little and decided to wear some lingerie under my office attire just to keep those sexy thoughts going.

My morning was busy so had little time to think about glamorous photos or the lingerie I was wearing but I did find the time to send Mike a text message, "I am wearing lingerie under my suit, can't wait to see you later."

Within a few moments I got a response, "How about I come in to the city and pick you up so you don't have to take the train tonight?"

Just before lunch Todd called to say he just had to pack up his equipment, drive over and get set up to do the photos and that he should be ready to start by three this afternoon. I am not sure why I asked but I asked "Would it be easier if I just brought the product samples to your studio instead?"

"Oh, that would great if you don't mind, it will save me a couple hours if I don't have to pack-up, drive, setup, shoot, pack up, drive and setup again." he said.

I was happy to make things go so much more smoothly and it would give me a chance to see what other glamor photos might be on display at the studio. We agree I should get to the studio right after lunch. I sent off a text to let my husband know to pick me up from the studio instead of my office.

When I arrived at the studio Todd was speaking to a client on the phone. Todd gestured for me to have a seat in the waiting area. While waiting I pickup up a sample portfolio from the table and started to page through it.

"Jordan?", I nodded, "Sorry about that, just had to finalize some changes for another client. I am Todd, nice to meet you." Todd welcomed.

"Yes, right person", I quipped. "Your work here is beautiful." I said while lifting the portfolio.

"Thank you, it is more the models than me, I just capture their images." he said as reaching for the box of product samples I had brought.

Once Todd had everything unpacked and exchanged ideas about how the product should be portrayed he quickly began to set up the studio. While he did so I asked "Should I leave and get out of your way or stay in case there are any other questions that come up during the shoot?"

"Either way is fine, I don't mind the company. You can watch or relax in the waiting area as you wish if you do stay." he responded.

"I'll stay if you don't mind me looking at some more of your portfolio."

Todd and I chatted while he worked and I viewed some of his other work. One photo of a blond woman in black lingerie reminded me what I was wearing underneath my clothes. I realized I had come to see a glamour photographer I had never met before wearing sexy lingerie... it kind of excited me to day dream about being photographed in my lingerie. I thought of my husband and felt momentarily guilty of my thoughts. I sent a text message, "Just letting you know I am at the photo studio now."

At some point Todd took a break and asked "Can I get you something? Coffee, tea, water, soda, wine?

Wine?", I questioned

Smiling Todd answered, "Not all of my models are seasoned professionals. Many are just regular people wanting some photos, they can be a bit nervous the first time. The wine seems to help."

"That sounds exactly like how I would probably be." I commented.

"I noticed you had more than a casual look at the photos... I am guessing you are probably interested but unsure. You saved me a couple of hours today by coming here instead of me lugging my stuff to your office. How about as a thank you I take some photos of you?" he offered.

"Guilty.", I admitted. "After seeing your web site I have been thinking about it. Your offer is generous but I am not sure I can."

"I have a bit more to finish on your project. Think about it while I continue working and let me know what you decide.

Things were happening fast. Thoughts of could I do it, should I do it, I have to ask my husband if it was ok and more filled my mind. I decided to fire off another text message to my husband, "The photographer offered to take a couple of photos of me while I am here, should I?"

"Go ahead and do it, sounds like fun and I can't wait to see the photos." was the response.

"Todd, if the offer is still good for the photos and wine I would like to accept." I called out.

"Great, the wine is right over there, help yourself. I should be done here shortly."

Todd asked for my personal email address so that he could send proof images while we worked. Soon I was on the set and Todd was directing me on how to pose. After a few shots he suggested I pull the collar of my shirt aside a little.



I was a bit nervous initially but realized I often took off my jacket at the office and this wasn't that different.



We continued to work together, Todd coaching and posing me. "Undo one another button or two", he asked.



I paused momentarily, trying to decide if I should or not. Todd snapped a photo with my hand at the button. A moment latter his camera beeped.

"Hang on, I need to change the battery. Todd announced.

I checked the email on my phone and looked at the last image, pretty sexy I thought. I sent a copy of the image to my husband with the message, "He wants me to open another button. Is that alright?"



"Wow, great picture. Undo as many as you are comfortable with. Can't wait to see more.

Was that "Can't wait to see more" can't wait to see more photos or see more of me? I wondered as I undid a button and pulled my shirt aside to reveal my bra.



"Beautiful." commented Todd. "How about just a couple more buttons.."

My shirt fell open once two more buttons are undone. Up until now I could have pled innocent that I didn't know I was revealing that much. Now my shirt was open far enough to show under my bra.



Todd had me pull my shirt aside more and shift my pose by arching my back, causing my bust to rise.



"So about that last button?" Todd queried.

Instead of saying anything I dropped my jacket and undid the last button.



"Ding." chimed my phone. It was Mike asking how it was going?

"Sorry, it is my husband asking how it is going.", I told Todd before responding to the message with a copy of the last photo and "Great. but all the buttons are undone. What should I do?"

"The only things you can do is either button it back up or take it off. I prefer the latter." was Mike's response.

My Hubby, Mike, suggested I take my shirt off, is that OK", I ask as I let it slide off my shoulders.

"Who am I to second guess what a husband suggests his wife do?", Todd teased and resumed taking pictures.



So that is how I found myself posing with my shirt completely undone and my thumb pulling my the front of pants down a bit.



Soon, I lost tossed my shirt away completely. I posed with my thumbs pulling at the bra straps.



"Let's do one for your husband and send it to him so he knows you are ok. Cup your breasts in your hands.", Todd suggested.



I sent a copy of the one with my thumb hooked in the pants and the one cupping my breasts along with the question, "Should I take off the bra or my pants next or should I stop?" While I waited I wondered if Mike was going to have me reveal my breasts or lingerie he knew I was wearing under my pants to another man.

"Don't stop, take off your pants next.", was Mike's answer.

I opened the top of my pants and pushed the waist down to reveal my lingerie to Todd and his camera.



As I eased the pants down I turned my ass toward the camera.



"Keep turning. You have a great ass that needs to be photographed so you can send a copy to Mike." Todd instructed.



"You are too sexy to be wearing those glasses." commented Todd.

Before taking off the glasses, I turned around and sent an update to my husband teasing him, "I am running out of clothes and if you don't tell me to stop soon Todd might ask me remove my bra."



I wasn't sure how much Mike wanted me to reveal in the photos. I wasn't so sure he wanted another guy to see me topless or naked.

"Ok, try holding your hair up and sliding your hips to one side." Todd suggested.



"Wow, you nailed that pose. Definitely a sexy look." Todd said.

"Let's do a few with you on the floor before taking off the bra."



I followed Todd's instructions as to how to pose while I thought about removing my bra. I was unsure, Mike still had not responded. Did he want me to reveal myself or not?



"Go ahead and undo the hooks on your bra. We will do a couple images from behind. Remember to tease the camera. Todd instructed.

I glanced at my phone, still no response from my husband. What should I do I wondered. Opening bra wasn't really a big deal, Todd would be behind me and wouldn't really see anything right?



It was a thrill to be so exposed with a stranger in the room even if he couldn't see anything. Tease the camera he had said. I held my bra up defiantly.



"Getting a little cocky now are you?" Todd teased. "Slip off your shoes and pose with you feet spread wide if you are so in to it."

Feeling bold I did exactly what Todd asked. I imagined some that someone in front of me would be getting a really good look at my breasts.



Todd asked me to turn around. It was the moment of truth. A quick glance at my phone confirmed no answer from Mike. I took a deep breath and I leaned down and turned around. I felt awkward and self conscious as I revealed my breasts to a stranger for the first time. Would Todd like what he saw?



Todd coached me in to a better pose by having me roll forward so that my elbows were on the floor. The pose left my breasts falling forward in their fullness.



I relaxed a bit, nothing bad happened when I revealed myself. "Am I doing OK?" I asked, hopeful Todd liked what he saw.

"You are doing fine and look amazing too." he responded. "One more on the other side then I am going to have you kneel."



I found myself kneeling with my knees spread enough that I was sure I had few secrets from Todd and his camera.



Just as I reclined in to a pose Todd asked for my phone chimed. I stayed still while Todd snapped away thinking if that was a message from Mike, it was too late to stop now. Todd took several more photos.



"Wow, I can't wait to get you home!" I heard Mike say and bolted upright, covering myself.

"What? When did you get here?" I asked.

"Hehe too shy to let your husband see you topless?" he teased. "Todd texted me that I could come in and watch from the waiting area after I told him to take any photos he could get you to pose for." Mike responded.

"You both! Uggh! Mike what would you have done if Todd had me take off my panties?" I exclaimed as I picked up my clothing suddenly feeling oddly exposed now that Mike was here.

"You still can if you want or you could wait until the next time you come in for photos", Mike teased.

Stunned. I was silent for a couple seconds before Todd suggested I put on my jacket for one last photo.



Once Todd finished I spoke, "So Mike, if you really want me to reveal myself to strangers you can drive me home just as I am." I thanked Todd and walked to the door and waited for Mike as he gathered up the rest of my clothes and also thanked Todd.

I am pretty sure I will be back to see Todd, or more correctly, be back to let Todd see more of me.