 Greg O'Connor had just gotten home and was nibbling on a piece of fried chicken his mother had cooked earlier. He wasn't very hungry as he had eaten a burger about thirty minutes before The Shake Shack closed. He had been working there for about six weeks now and really liked it, especially considering that this is where he had met his current girlfriend, Cindy-Lou McIverson. The two had been dating just three weeks, but Cindy made an announcement tonight that had Greg both excited and nervous. He thought to speak to one of his friends concerning Cindy's words, but chose instead to speak to another woman, someone whose advice he knew he could trust implicitly. He washed up, then made his way to his sister's room. He knocked lightly, and when the invitation to enter was given, he did so.

"Hey, Greg. How was work tonight?" Alyssa asked just above a whisper due to the fact that their parents were already asleep.

"It was okay," Greg said as he sat at the foot of her bed. "I need to talk to you about something, though."

"Sure," Alyssa said. "Go ahead."

"Well, it's just that Cindy told me tonight that she's ready to take things to the next level," Greg began.

"Sex?" Alyssa questioned.

"Yeah, but just oral," Greg responded, then laughed. "I say just, but that's a pretty big deal, huh? I've never done anything like that before, Alyssa. As far as that goes, I've never had anyone do that to me. I'm still a virgin. What if I suck at it and can't get her off?"

"Hmmm," Alyssa said as she sat up a little straighter in her bed. "You're right. A woman places a lot of value on someone's ability to get her off orally. That's the reason I date older guys, because guys my own age don't know their way around a clit."

Greg snickered at that, then asked, "What should I do?"

"I guess you could watch some porn," Alyssa suggested, "only stay from male-female porn. Watch lesbians. They do it the right way. Try Girlsway. It's full of stuff like that."

"You really think that'll help?"

"Couldn't hurt," Alyssa responded. "Watch what they do, try it out on your pillow ... You'll be awesome at it in no time."

"A pillow doesn't give feedback," Greg pointed out, "so the whole idea of 'practice makes perfect' doesn't apply."

Alyssa thought on that for a few seconds, then said, "Okay then, practice on me."

"What?" It was the same kind of incredulous response one might expect after being told that WWE owned the Olympics and all the outcomes were fixed.

"Sure. Why not?" Alyssa continued. "Jack is still out doing his National Guard stuff and won't be back for another couple of weeks. I'm pretty horny. You need to practice this to impress your girlfriend. I'd say the planets have aligned in your favor, little brother." Greg just stared at her. "So, are you in, or out?"

"Uh ... In, I guess?"

"Go on and get your shower and come back when you're finished," Alyssa directed Greg, and he left to do so.

His knock on her door was even more timid than when he first arrived home, so nervous was he. She told him to enter and close the door behind him, and once he had, he was standing in near-complete darkness. Then a soft light filled the room. It came from Alyssa's small reading lamp. She told Greg to have a seat where he was before, and he did.

While he was getting his shower, Alyssa wondered if she should put on some sexy lingerie. She thought it might enhance the moment, but there was really nothing romantic about this. It was just Alyssa giving her brother lessons on how to eat pussy, which is why she didn't have candles burning or soft music playing, either. She opted to just leave her pink panties and matching pink teddy on, knowing to a first-timer like Greg that this would be enough.

"So," Alyssa began, "Are you ready for your first lesson?"

Greg nodded, then a shaky, "Yeah," escaped his lips.

Alyssa pulled the cover off her body, then lay back and said to her brother, "Remove my panties for me, please."

Greg reached out apprehensively, and with nervous fingers he pulled her panties off her. "Oh, shit," he whispered as he caught sight of his sister's pussy, a lily-white wonder of beauty with a dark landing strip of hair manicured just above the clit.

"What do you think?" Alyssa asked.

"It's beautiful," Greg answered truthfully. This was the first time he had ever seen a pussy live and up close. He had seen hundreds on pornos, but at this moment, none of them compared to his sister's.

Alyssa smiled. "Okay, lesson number one: I want you to name all the parts of my pussy."

"Huh?" Greg grunted, and when Alyssa repeated herself, he just shrugged, but he did as she asked. "Okay. Um, this is your pubic hair, what little you have of it. This is your clitty. These are ... Um ... pussy lips, and these ..." he began to laugh. "These are bat wings, at least I think they are. That's the only word I've ever heard to describe them, anyway."

Alyssa smiled at that, for she had heard the same. Even still, "You forgot my clitoral hood, the 'lips' are actually called 'labia majora,' and the 'bat wings,' or slit, is called 'labia minora.' I want you to know this because there is more to a woman's pussy than just what you see. Every bit of it is as sensitive as your penis, if not more so, which means that every bit of it deserves attention, not just the clit. Understood?"

"Yeah," Greg answered.

Alyssa was going to have her brother try to eat her on his own , without direction, but the more she thought on that the more she knew the result would be akin to watching grass grow, for her, anyway, so she called an audible and said, "Come up here, Greg. Lay down with me." He did so, and very humbly refused to meet her gaze. She placed a finger under his chin and drew his head up. "It's okay. You can look at me." He smiled. "There's more to eating pussy than just eating pussy, Greg. You can't just get down there and do it. You have to build to it. It's all about seduction."

He nodded his understanding.

"Do you think I'm pretty, Greg?"

"Yeah." It came out as a breathy whisper.

"Then tell me so."

"Alyssa, you're one of the most beautiful women I've ever known. Just to be here with you right now, like this, is something I will cherish forever."

She smiled. "Thank you, Greg. Knowing that makes me feel I am special." She then leaned in and softly kissed him on the lips, but he kissed her with his lips closed, like one would kiss a relative. "No, Greg. Not like that. Kiss me the way you kiss ... Cindy, is it?"

Greg nodded, then closed his eyes, then parted his lips as he moved in closer to his sister. Their lips met, then he slowly inserted his tongue into her mouth. Alyssa latched onto it and began to suck it like it was a miniature dick, then she released it and allowed her own tongue to enter Greg's mouth. He sucked hers as well, then they both found a rhythm of lips only softly going up and down, light smacking filling the air as they did so.

Alyssa pulled back a little and said, "Kiss my neck."

This was something Greg knew he was good at. He went to the side of his sister's neck and began to softly lick and suck. Not hard enough for a hickey, but enough to elicit the response he had hoped for.

"Oh, yes," Alyssa sighed. "That's the spot. Right there." She moved a hand behind her brother's head and gently held him in place. She craned her neck a little more, giving him ultimate access. If he had been on top of her, she would have enveloped him with her legs. "Take my top off." Her voice was so husky that she hardly recognized it as her own. She arched her back, then lifted her shoulders up, and that was all there was to Greg removing her teddy top.

He began kissing her lips again, then moved his right hand to her left breast. He immediately felt her nipple harden even as he wondered how something so soft could be so firm. Greg slowly kissed his way down and made a beeline for Alyssa's nipple, but she stopped him. "Don't assume that the nipple is the only party of the breast that's sensitive. Just like a pussy, sensitivity is throughout. Take your time with it. Kiss every part of it. Let the nipple be your destination but enjoy the journey as you build toward it. Believe me, Cindy will appreciate that."

Greg nodded his understanding and began softly kissing every part of Alyssa's pert, small breast. He spent what he reckoned a good five minutes kissing the sides, the under-boob, and above the nipple before taking the nipple itself into his mouth.

"Oh, yes," Alyssa softly moaned. "That's it, Greg. Suck it lightly. Nothing too rough." She allowed him to suck it for all of a minute, then said, "Lightly gnaw it. Oooh. Yeah. Just like that. Now flick your tongue on the end of it." Her hand had found the back of his head again, and she held him in place as he continued to send tiny shockwaves throughout her body. She was aware that she was wet between her legs, but as much as she wanted to shove his face down there, she had to remind herself that this was a tutorial.

"Move to my right breast now." He did, slowly, taking care to ensure she benefitted from the move. "Now lightly tweak my left nipple." He pinched it. "Oh! Oh! Yes. Just like that."

Greg thought that his sister might be overselling her excitement, then again, there was something in her labored breathing to suggest she was being genuine.

Alyssa whispered, "Lightly run your hand from my breast to my pussy. Take your time. There's no rush."

Greg did as directed, and upon finally settling between her legs, near-shouted, "Damn!"

"Shhhh!"

Whispering, he said, "You're really wet down there."

"Keep lightly rubbing like you were," Alyssa commanded him, so he did. After a few minutes of this, however, she said, "Place your palm on my clit." After he had done so, she said, "Apply some pressure and move it in a circular motion." Greg did, and about thirty seconds in Alyssa whispered, "Don't stop." Another fifteen seconds and her legs moved wider apart as she said, "I'm almost there." Ten seconds more and it was all she could do to contain her yelp of pleasure as she achieved her first orgasm of the night. Panting like an overheated animal, she said, "Oh, God, that was great. Thank you, Greg."

"I really made you cum?" he asked in disbelief.

"You did, and it was wonderful." She pulled him up and kissed him on the lips, then said, "Slowly kiss your way down and get your prize."

He knew she must be talking about her cum, and since he had never tasted any before, he was more than anxious to find out everything he could about it. He obeyed her rule, though, and took his time kissing his way down, but once there, he slid his tongue into her slit and French-kissed her pussy like he had been kissing her all night. Oh, the taste was more than he imagined it would be. It was immediately sweet with a saltiness on the back end. Not too salty, though; more like salted caramel, if he could make the comparison.

"Okay, Greg. Move up and take my clit into your mouth. Latch onto it, then run your tongue in a counter-clockwise motion. Not too fast, though. Just ... Yes. Just like that." She lay back to enjoy this phase of the night. She gripped her nipples and lightly tugged at them as Greg continued to suck her clit. She cocked her legs wide. A hand, seemingly of its own volition, had snaked its way down behind his head, then the other followed suit. "Oh, God. I'm almost there. Don't stop, Greg. Don't stop ..." then thirty seconds of silence, then she was bucking her hips even as she pulled his mouth deeper inside of her, and finally she collapsed, more out of breath than she was before.

A huge smile was on Greg's face even as he lapped at his sister's sweet juices, for he was proud and confident at his ability to make her cum. What surprised him, though, was when she inserted two fingers into herself, removed them, and placed them in her mouth. "What the hell?"

Alyssa's only response was to pull her brother up and lick her residue from his lips while saying, "Mmmmm, mmmmm."

"You ... eat your own cum?"

"Yeah," she said with a smile. "It tastes good, doesn't it?"

"Well, yeah, but I just didn't think ..."

"I like it," she reiterated. She kissed him one final time, then said, "So, little brother, I'd have to give you an A-plus your first time out. You really did a number on me tonight."

"Thanks," Greg said with a goofy laugh. More seriously, he said, "You taught me a lot, Alyssa. Thanks." He stood to leave, and that is when Alyssa noticed the bulge in his underwear. Greg getting horny was nothing she gave any consideration to this whole time, but now that it was literally in her face, she had no choice but to respond.

"Wait. Don't go yet."

"Hunh? Why not?"

"Well ... I was thinking that maybe I could give you a preview of what to expect from Cindy."

"Really?" Greg asked excitedly. "You'd really do that for me?"

"Considering what you just did for me, yeah, why not?"

Greg lowered his underwear and asked, "Where do you want me?"

"Right here," Alyssa answered, patting her pillow even as she moved to the foot of the bed. Greg comfited himself into position, then Alyssa took his stiff cock into her hand. She guessed it to be about six and a half inches in length, but it was pretty thick. Hairy, though. She's have to get onto him about that, just not right now. She thought for a moment if she should suck his balls, but hairiness aside, it seemed too intimate an act. She lowered her head and took him into her mouth and slowly deep throated him.

"Oh, fuckin' A," Greg moaned. He spent a total of perhaps two minutes in Alyssa's mouth before announcing, "Oh damn. I'm gonna cum."

Another quandary: Should she allow him to cum in her mouth? She loved the taste of cum and was one of those ardent believers that the high protein content was good for her complexion and hair. Still, it was her brother, and this, too, seemed a bit too intimate. She removed her mouth and jerked him off, allowing his cum to pool around her fingers instead. Her vigorous jerking decreased in speed to light pumping, then she stopped altogether. "How was that?"

Greg wanted to tell his sister just how magical it was, how magical this whole night had been, but this wasn't about them falling in love, it was about lessons on how he could please another woman. With that in mind, he answered, "If not for the fact that it's the only BJ I've ever had, I'd say it was the best."

Alyssa laughed. "Alright, little man, go and get yourself cleaned up. Oh, and do the female population a favor and trim yourself up down there."

"Oh. Yeah. Right," Greg responded a bit sheepishly, then left to do just that.

Alyssa made her way to her bathroom and turned on the water, then looked at the globules of cum that had pooled in her palms. Drinking it now would be less intimate than taking it straight from the source, so she said, "Why the hell not?" before licking her hands clean, then she washed the remaining residue from them before returning to her bed. She knew she'd sleep well tonight, and she barely had time to begin thinking about what tomorrow night's lesson would be before she was sound asleep.

Alyssa had left for work before Greg had awakened for the day, and he was already at work by the time she got home. After her parents had turned in for the evening, she left a note on her brother's pillow telling him to come to her room after he had gotten his shower. He found the door slightly ajar and entered, closing it behind him. "Alyssa?" he whispered.

She turned the lamp on to find him standing at her door in a T-shirt and his boxer-briefs. "Why are you still dressed?" she asked.

"Well, I didn't want Mom or Dad walking out and seeing me naked in the hallway," he replied. 

"What I mean is, you're in here now. You should be completely nude."

"Why?"

"Do you honestly think that just one lesson is going to get it?" Alyssa asked. "There is still so much to learn, Greg. You need diversity in your repertoire.

"Oh! Right!" he whispered loudly. "Sorry. It didn't even dawn on me."

Greg removed his clothing, and immediately Alyssa noticed that he had completely shaved his pubes. She smirked at this, then threw her covers back to reveal her own naked body, then said, "Are you ready?"

A smirk came to Greg's lips as well. "Where to start?"

"I want you to duplicate what you did last night, but I want you to make it your own. I won't be coaching you. That is, not until I deem it necessary."

"Right," Greg said. He crawled in bed next to his sister and kissed her lightly on the lips. She was a beautiful woman. He had always thought so. He had never thought of her like this, though, as a lover of sorts. Still, she looked enough like Selma Blair that it was a turn-on just to be in the same bed as she. He brushed the hair from her face and looked deeply into her eyes as he said, "You are such a beautiful woman, Alyssa. I don't mean just physically, either. You have such a beautiful spirit about you."

"Oh, Greg. Thank you. That's the nicest thing you have ever said to me."

"I mean it," he told her.

"I know, sweetie."

"Before we start, may I ask you something?"

Sure. What is it?"

"Is there any reason a man goes down on a woman first? You know ... That just seems to be the case from what I hear people say."

"There's a couple of reasons for it," Alyssa began in answering his query. "Number one, women tend to be multi-orgasmic while men, for the most part, get their nut and they're done. Number two—and this is building upon number one—generally speaking, when a man has an orgasm, his mentality is that sex for the moment is over. This is why it is important for you to ensure your partner is as satisfied as she can possibly be before you have your orgasm, and this is why knowing how to please a woman with your mouth and hands will ensure she stays satisfied even when your pecker calls it quits for the night."

"Those are both good reasons," he admitted. He smiled, closed his eyes, and then he and Alyssa began kissing once more. He did follow last night's lesson plan to some degree, peppering it with little add-ons that he thought might enhance things. Some did, others did not, but for the most part Alyssa didn't seem too annoyed with his improvisations. He had made his way down to her pussy and had gotten her off. Thinking the lesson was over, he made to move up next to her, but she stopped him where he was.

"Unh-uh. We're not through yet."

"We're not?" he asked. "You want me to get you off again?"

She smiled. "Yes, but not immediately. Here." she passed her lamp to him, and when he took it she lifted her legs and held them aloft with her arms and hands. "Shine that light on me down there." When he did, she said, "Do you see my B-hole?"

"Uh ... Yeah."

"What do you think of it? Just say the first thing that pops into your mind."

"Well ... It's ... pretty, I guess," Greg finally managed to say. "It's not all discolored and gaping like most women in porn's is, and it's not too wrinkly ... I don't know. What do you want me to say?"

"Slide a finger into my pussy, Greg. Get it nice and wet, then slowly rub it on my anus." He did as she bid. "Yes, just like that. Soft, easy circular motions." He did it until it began to dry, then he stuck his finger back into Alyssa's pussy. He noticed she was hotter and wetter than the first time. He began rubbing her anus again. "Ooooh, that's it. Did you know that the anus has almost as many nerve endings as a vagina does?"

"Really?"

"Mmmm. And do you feel how soft it is, Greg?"

"Uh-huh."

"It's as soft as my clitty is, Greg. Don't you want to kiss it, lick it, suck it?"

"I do," Greg almost growled. He felt a deep primal urge come over him. He pulled Alyssa's ass cheeks apart and began to treat her anus like it was, in fact, a clitoris. The bonus to this was that his nose was directly above the opening to her pussy. He breathed in deeply, inhaling her essence as he lapped furiously at her asshole.
