 Is having sex with your stepdaughter when she is a grown woman incest? Before you make up your mind and judge us, read this story.

I'd started my 'second career' that summer. I was trying to be a writer. My children - I call them my children, but they were really my second wife's family, my step kids - had grown up and moved on to lives of their own. Rachel was 27 and her brother was a couple of years younger. She left home for college at 18 and was now, after a few false starts, successful - as successful as any parent could wish.

Based at her own design studio overlooking the river a few miles west of the London, her work was beginning to be seen on advertising hoardings, magazines and in corporate literature. Her smiling face framed by long silky brown hair looked out at me from a framed picture on my desk, a moment in time that had caught her carefree and sympathetic character in a perfect instant.

It had of course not always been like that. As a teenager she had hated me, and everything I stood for, blaming me for the break-up of her original family. With time and maturity we became at first more comfortable and then close friends until she started to look on me as more of a father figure than an unwanted complication in her life. After she left home we became closer and were able to talk more as friends than anything else.

So there I was; old job behind me - no more meetings about meetings, no more corporate bullshit. Just the freedom and excitement of breaking out to do what I'd always wanted, to write. To write anything that anyone would pay me to write. I'd be a literary whore - the refinement could come later. A few months earlier my wife - Rachel's mother - and I had separated amicably. We'd just out-grown each other and moved on to different interests. A few regrets on each side, but not many.

I was lucky. Early on I was awarded a contract to write a series of articles for a magazine about sailing ships in the later part of the 19th century. This meant research trips to London and naturally I'd stay with Rachel at her studio flat while I was working in the city, visiting archives out at Greenwich and Kew.

One week in late spring I'd called Rachel to let her know I was coming down for a couple of days.

'Hey that's great - I'll see you on Thursday evening.'

It was a warm day and loads of traffic held me up so I hit the M25 in the rush hour. When I arrived at Rachel's I was hot and bothered, but her big smile, her arm round me as she helped get my luggage up the stairs to her second floor studio made me feel better.

'How are you? Do you want a drink? Do you want a shower? There's a towel in the bathroom.' 

I'm OK, yes, yes and thanks.' I replied laughing at her torrent of happiness and shear zest for life. Rachel never did anything by halves and always asked two or three questions at once when she was excited.

'OK. You know where the bathroom is. I'll get the drinks.'

I stepped through to Rachel's bedroom - it's a single bedroom studio and the bathroom is off the only bedroom. I noticed the faint aroma immediately. A pleasant musky tang hung in the warm room and if I hadn't still been a bit fazed by the journey I would have known straight away what it was. 

But it took me a few moments to notice the body-shaped depression in her duvet where she had obviously recently been lying. Studying the shape I realised that she had been lying with her legs apart and then it clicked. The faint lingering smell was, well... was the smell of a recently excited female body. Despite my relationship - this woman was still my daughter, and much to my surprise - I felt a little tingle of excitement stir in my groin.

Laughing at myself I moved on to the bathroom and started to undress.

'Put your clothes in the wash basket if you want to. I'm doing some washing later.' Rachel called from the other room.'

OK. Thanks love,' I called back.

Stripping of my clothes was sheer luxury after the hours in the hot car. I lifted the top of the wash basket and was about to drop them in when I noticed a pair of small white cotton panties lying on top of the heap of clothing already in there. They were very skimpy, in fact they had no back at all apart from a thin piece of material. What caught my eye next made my heart miss a beat and then restart with an almost audible thump. In the part of her panties that would have been next to her vagina a patch of wetness showed up as a darker area in the soft whiteness. I noticed at the same time the female aroma was much stronger. She must have been wearing these panties while she lay on the bed pleasing herself with her fingers or who knows what... 

My cock twitched again and I could not help my self - I just had to pick them up them so I could breathe in the erotic scent of secret pleasure. I held them close to me and savoured the fabulous scent of a woman's most private moments. I have always been sexually exited my a woman's smell, but the added taboo of smelling my own step-daughters freshly used panties was one of the most exciting things I'd ever experienced. My cock was rapidly getting larger and when I gently licked and tasted the wetness it stood fully up and demanded my attention. 

I was standing with one hand round my cock and my stepdaughter's panties held to my face when a knock came at the door.

'Ere'z your drink sir!' Rachel called in a mock French maid's accent.

I quickly dropped her panties back into the basket and scooped my clothes in on top of them. Grabbing a towel I wrapped it round me and turned away from the door to hide my erection.

'It's OK.' I called.

Rachel opened the door. I saw her reflection in the mirror smiling at my naked back for a moment then placed the drink on the washstand.

'Thanks love. I'll be out in a minute.'

'OK.' 

Jesus! That was close. The thought of Rachel catching me like that brought me back to a limp reality with a vengeance. What was I thinking of? I drained the drink, showered and changed into loose and comfortable shorts and T-shirt, then wandered back to the main room where Rachel sat cross-legged on a wide, low couch sipping from a long glass.

This wouldn't normally have caused me any problem but Rachel was wearing a pair of those very close fitting cotton/Lycra shorts that hugged every contour of her lower body and left just enough to the imagination to be enticing. Topped off with a matching crop-top that left her smooth brown tummy exposed and emphasised her breasts, the effect - especially after my recent excitement in her bathroom - was electrifying.

'Are you OK? Sit down. I'll get you another drink.' She rose smoothly from the couch and passed close to me leaving a subtle air of perfume and musk as she went.

'I'm, um, fine thanks.' I managed to say, my voice betraying the nervousness I felt. Rachel turned and came closer. 

Are you sure? Only you seem a little distracted.' 

'Well it's a long drive. I must be a little travel-shocked.'

'Sit down. I know what you need.'

I sat on her couch and on her instruction leaned forward with my head over my knees. I felt her gentle hands begin to massage the back of my neck and shoulders. It felt great, really great and certainly helped to ease the stress. But after a few minutes another form of stress returned because I was acutely aware that her thinly clothed body was only inches from mine as she leant over me to work on my back.

The source of that delightful aroma was only a few inches from my head. Breathing gently in I sensed again her female musk and again that began to excite my cock. I could reach out and... No! Don't even think about it. 

She must have sensed my increased tension. 'Relax. That's an order.' I tried to breathe deeply, think about something else, and after a few more minutes managed to convince her I was OK.

'Thanks Rachel. That was perfect. I feel much better now.' I said, as she flopped down next to me and put her head on my shoulder. 

'I love you and I'm glad you're here.' She looked rather serious as she it.

I smiled at her, a great lump of emotion welling in me. 

'Thanks Rachel. You know I love you too. Even though you're not my 'natural' daughter I always felt you were the child of my spirit.' Her eyes sparkled and I knew I'd said the right thing.

It hadn't always been like this. During her teenage years we had fought like cat and dog. Sullen resentment alternating with deliberate aggressive confrontation had been my lot for three or four years while she had worked through unbalanced hormones towards her womanhood. All this confusion was made worse by my being a stepfather. How many times had she wounded me with the casually flung phrase: 'You're not my real father anyway!' And it hurt because that is what I had wanted to be ever since she had stood with her mother and younger brother on my doorstep on the day they moved in; all gauche resentment and childish confusion, crying out for love and care but rejecting all offers of closeness.

Her head was still on my shoulder and she wriggled a bit until my arm slipped round her waist and she hugged me. Careful not to touch anywhere a father shouldn't I hugged her back. The closeness of her and the smell of her hair brought back that other aroma and against my will my cock twitched and began to grow thicker. I shifted to conceal it from her.

'You don't want to cuddle me do you?' She pulled back with a look of mock hurt.

'Yes I do. It's just that I was a bit, umm, uncomfortable.'

'What? With me?

'No, just the drive, I'm a bit stiff, I mean I ache a bit.' 

'Where? Do you want me to massage it for you?'

'No! I mean no, it's gone now thanks.'

'I don't believe you! Show me! Prove it!' And saying this she grabbed a loose cushion from the seat and threw it at me. I picked it up and threw it at her retreating rear as she rolled backwards over the arm of the couch, landed neatly and dived sideways to avoid the cushion.

'Right - its war!' Rachel laughed as she grabbed the cushion and did a long distance lob from the corner of the room. I grabbed it in mid-air and advanced, blocking her escape from the corner.

'Let battle commence.' I said menacingly as I lunged towards her, falling easily into the childish game we'd played when she was younger. But I should have accounted for her speed and agility. She ducked under my arm, grabbed the cushion and dived back onto the couch. Without thinking I dived after her and found Rachel pinned underneath me, face down and still holding the cushion.

This was a bad situation. Her rounded bottom, lifted by the cushion, were now pressing against my already excited cock, but I couldn't just stop in the middle of the game without making her suspicious so I tried to take as much weight off her as possible while reaching round in an attempt to grab the cushion. 

But instead of the cushion my hands found something soft and firm at the same time - and warm as well. Rachel laughed and pushed up with her hips to give her room to move the cushion. This must have been enough for her to feel my erection through only two or three thin layers of clothing. Lifting my weight a little more allowed Rachel to wriggle and turn over quickly underneath me so that now she lay on her back.

A change came over her face. She now looked serious and happy at the same time. Not knowing what to expect I did nothing just lay with my arms lifting myself up from her warm body, her face a few inches below mine. Then to my surprise, but I can't in all honestly say against my will, she reached up, put her arms round my neck, pulled me towards her and kissed me. Not the gentle peck on the cheek of a daughter, but the sensuous, full on the lips kiss of a lover. After a few seconds of stunned panic I pulled away. 

'There' she said quietly, 'and now you know.'

'Know what?' I said like an idiot, still too shocked to think clearly.

'That I want you.' she said, in matter of fact voice as if explaining to a small child.

'You mean..?'

'Yes, that's exactly what I mean.'

But Rachel, I, we...' but I didn't finish because her lips touched mine again and this time the tip of her tongue gently separated my lips and played an erotic dance with the tip of my own tongue. What could I do? I froze, not responding, but my baser instincts were gradually overcoming the taboo. 

After all this was a very attractive women whom I already loved, but she was my... daughter. Was she my daughter? We weren't actually blood relations and I didn't live with her mother anymore. Did this make it all right?

'Rachel!' I said pulling away firmly and trying to be stern.

'What?' she was laughing at me.

'I'm your father, well step-father.'

'I know,' she said simply 'that's part of it.'

'Part of it?'

'Yes silly, part of why I want to fuck you.' A double blow hit me. The use of the word 'fuck' by my daughter and the fact that it was me she wanted to fuck.

'But why?' I said at last trying to get some measure of control and sanity back into the situation.

'Look,' she said. 'Lie down next to me and I'll tell you.'

Relieved to be out of the immediately compromising position, but still close enough to feel excited we lay full length along the couch with her cuddling up to me and kissing me as she explained.

'I've thought about this a long time, and I'm quite certain I want to and that it's the right thing to do. I have never really apologised for how awful I was to you. I know I was mixed up and confused but that doesn't make me feel any better about the way I treated you when I lived at home. So the first reason is to say sorry.'

'But you don't need to..'

'No, let me finish. The second reason is that I want to become - and to stay - as close to you as a real friend and the best way to do that is to share an intimate secret, and the best secret we could have is to be lovers. So I want you to love me and I want to love you back, and not just once or twice. We have the whole weekend and you can't deny you want to because I felt this when you were laying on me just now.' 

She pushed her hips against my still erect cock and I had to agree with her, I did want to - physically, but mentally was another thing.

'Listen love. I do love you, you are a very sexy woman, but we can't - it's not right.'

'Of course its right - we're not related are we?' If it was some other girl laying here you would wouldn't you?'

I sighed. She was right of course; she had me down cold on the logic. What could I do? She saw my resolve crumble. Her voice dropped to a low sexy whisper. 

'Now kiss me, kiss me like a lover.'

So I did. 

For the first time I relaxed, knowing that she wanted me and I wasn't going to hurt her, so I kissed her gently and lovingly, releasing years of care and love, pouring my warmth and feeling into her with soft lips and a giving tongue. She responded by opening her lips to admit me into the first of many intimate places we would discover during that long weekend. 

Encouraging me with small sighs of approval and satisfaction we lay for ages, while the falling evening light reflecting on the river illuminated the room with a soft glow - kissing and licking; laughing and talking about the good times and the bad times we had shared and getting to know the person each was now. 

As the conversation slowed and the kisses grew longer and more passionate Rachel pushed away from me, sat up and lifted her crop top over her head, then settled back down and lifted her nipple to my mouth.

'Kiss me here.' she whispered.

'What there?'

'Oh yes, just there, and there, and...' her voice trailed off into a deep sigh as I gently kissed her upturned nipple then sucked it slowly into my mouth to roll my tongue gently round her little erect bud.

'You have such beautiful breasts. I never realised.'

'Mmmm.' was all the reply I got as she lay back on the cushions while I moved with gentle kisses and licks across to her other nipple and then widened my attentions to the whole of her breasts. They were silky smooth and soft, but under that was the firmness of her strong young body. I licked carefully round each mound and then down towards her petite navel and back up to circle her erect nipples again and again. 

After many minutes of this sweet stimulation she reached up and pulled my T-shirt over my head.

'I want to feel you against me,' she said as she pulled my chest against her breasts and kissed me again with increasing passion, her stronger more demanding tongue teased and provoked me into action.

Now she parted her legs and I felt my erection pressing through the thin layers of fabric and against the soft flesh between her legs. My cock was straining to be free of my shorts and my shorts were wet with anticipation. We lay there kissing and moving against each other's bodies, anticipating but delaying the inevitable, becoming even more excited - Rachel's legs were now wrapped round my back pulling my erection against her warm body, her hips moved slowly against me rubbing her moist and intimate warmth against my stiffness. Her kisses became hungrier and almost savage as she panted and made small squeaks and groans of passion as my hard cock touched her where she wanted it most.

'Rachel, I'm going to come in my shorts if you don't..'

'OK, yes, lets...' She wriggled her tight shorts down and kicked them off leaving her sweet young pussy pressing directly against my shorts. I could feel her warmth and wetness mingling with mine and the head of my fabric encased cock found her entrance. I was almost coming as she pulled and tugged at my shorts. 

We both laughed as they got stuck on my cock but Rachel quickly pushed me up and slid them off. 

Not being in contact with her body, and seeing her lying back, nude, open, vulnerable and sensuous made me catch my breath. Just what was I doing? What was I thinking? Did she really know what she wanted? But the sight of her smooth firm breasts, her sexy little belly and the beautiful, soft-brown curly hair emphasising the swelling of her genital mound was too much for me.

'Rachel are you sure you want to do this? Its not too late if you want.., I mean I don't want to hurt you, emotionally I mean, so if you...'

'Hush you silly man,' she said with infinite care, 'this is what I think.' She pulled me gently towards her and moved so my cock head rested in the entrance of her pussy.

'Now what do you think?' She asked me. 'Do you want to?'

'I think this,' I said, moving so the very tip of my cock pressed a little further into her soft vagina.

'Well that's good because that's what I feel too.' With this she separated her legs a little further and pushed her hips upwards so the head of my cock popped into her tight young pussy.

'Oh God! That feels so good,' I said.

'I love you and I want you deep inside me - daddy!' she whispered, her warm breath tickling my ear.

God! The use of that word in that situation removed any last trace of hesitation I felt. 

And then together, in a mutually happy, sexy embrace, I pushed and she pulled - until I slid slowly into the depths of her vagina; until I could feel her soft lips locked around the base of my cock; until I could feel her soft hair caressing my stomach; until she could feel by balls pressing against her anal opening. 

We were committed now, the act of physical love, of deep penetration had happened and our feelings for each other were confirmed and elevated to a higher level - a level from which they could never return. We lay for a few moments kissing each other gently and savouring that first, most intimate embrace, knowing that this moment would not be, could never be, repeated; that all doubt was gone and there was no going back - for better or worse.

'Do that again please daddy,' she whispered. 

'This?' I said as I eased my cock reluctantly out of her warm wetness.
