 My name is Bryan and I'd like to share a story about a series of events that took place last weekend at my brother Dave and my sister in law Alison's house.

Let me first start by telling you a little bit about my family. From as far back as I can remember my brother Dave and I have always been close. You never would've known that we were three years apart. We played the same sports, shared the same friends, and during our college years , unbeknownst to me at the time we even shared a few girlfriends.

After college we went our separate ways for a few years. I went on to be a manager for a local building supply company, and Dave left the state to peruse his dream of being a sports writer. Despite living so far apart, we always stayed in touch with each other whether it be a phone call or even a weekend trip to what ever town he happened to be staying in that month.

After nearly two years of bouncing from state to state Dave moved back home when he landed a gig as a producer for a local radio station where he eventually met Alison. To this day I can clearly remember the first time Dave introduced me to her, let's just say he hit the jackpot when he met her. 

To put it in other words, Alison was and is still to this day smoking hot. She's about five and a half feet tall, has blue eyes, shoulder length brown hair, and a thin waist that accentuates her amazing rack and flawless ass. 

Once I got over her stunning looks, it was clear to see that she and Dave were soul mates. They just clicked. The thing I admired most about her was the fact that she allowed Dave to be himself. She was never possessive of Dave, and not only didn't she mind that Dave and I spent time going to a ball game, out to the bar, or even just hanging out at their place, she actually encouraged it. 

It wasn't long until Alison started to hang out with us, which surprisingly was never awkward. She even came with us to the strip club on an occasion or two. That's where I quickly found out how flirtatious Alison was, how she wasn't shy about showing off her magnificent body, and that she really liked her liquor. 

That brings me to my next point. With Dave and I being so close, he'd often tell me about how Alison had a sexual appetite like no other girl he'd ever met, and after his college conquests, that was saying a lot. 

Over the next couple years they moved in together, became engaged, and almost a year ago they shared the vows of marriage. Through it all, things remained strong between the three of us. 

On multiple occasions Alison managed to hook me up with a few of her friends. I'll admit a couple women seemed to have potential, but truthfully I wasn't quite ready to settle down at the prime age of twenty four. To my delight, her close friend Lisa and I still remain friends with bountiful sexual benefits, but that's neither here nor there, so let me get back to the story. 

Just recently Dave and Alison bought an old "fixer upper" house together just on the outskirts of town, in hopes that it'd be the home they'd raise the large family they've always wanted. 

However, to say this house needed work, was an understatement. When Dave asked me if I'd help them "remodel" I didn't even hesitate. 

We spent countless weekends, upgrading the electrical, plumbing, kitchen, bathrooms, literally everything in that house was in need of an upgrade or repair. 

With me being there so often, I must admit I, as respectfully as one could, found myself secretly lusting for Alison. It was nearly impossible not to. I mean I'm not sure she even owned a bra. The shirts she wore were either so tight you could clearly see her areola's and nipples, or so loose you could see the valley in between her tits every time she bent over. 

Speaking of bending over, her spandex shorts and pants left little to the imagination when it came to her plump ass and camel toe. On several occasions even Dave drew my attention to Alison when she was in, let's just call them some compromising positions. He seemed happy to show off his gorgeous wife, and I'll be the first to admit I certainly didn't mind. It was those combination of things that quickly made Alison my motivation to spend weeknights after work, and every weekend helping them remodel their home. 

Some nights we'd work so long, that I'd just crash on the couch in the living room. It happened so often, we started referring to that couch as my bed. 

On more than a few occasions Dave playfully would kid around with Alison about there being plenty of room in their king size bed for me, but Alison would always laugh it off, saying that I'd never get any sleep with the way she snored. 

It was those very nights of sleeping on that couch that intensified my infatuation for Alison. You see with their bedroom being directly above the living room I'd hear the floor creaking away as Dave pleasured Alison, or maybe it was the other way around, regardless you get the point. 

One night after a few to many shots of whiskey and far to many beers they went to bed, and I laid down on the couch like I'd done dozens of times before. But this time when the floor started to creak I decided to be adventurous and creep up the stairs. 

It was when I got about halfway up the dark staircase that I began to hear Alison lightly moaning in pleasure. My heart was racing as I approached the stair that would allow me to see through the upper banister. I took my final step when I noticed a slight glow through their open bedroom door.

For a split second I thought about turning around and walking back downstairs, but the liquid courage and my urge to see Alison in action influenced me otherwise. 

Through the banister posts I could see that the faint light was coming from a lamp on the night stand next to the bed. As my eyes adjusted, I could clearly see a profile view of Alison on all fours, completely nude, with her heavy tits swaying with each thrust Dave delivered. 

I stood there in awe, with my cock harder than it's ever been, as I watched the object of my desire being pounded by my brother. The way her tits swung was nearly hypnotizing. I was snapped back to reality when Dave unexpectedly stopped. Alison nearly begged for him to put it back in her, as he said something that I couldn't quite make out.

"Again?" Alison asked as she turned to look back at Dave.

Alison paused momentarily as she glanced in my direction. I stood still as if I was a deer caught in the headlights of a car. Despite the darkness of the hallway, and the fact that only the upper half of my face would've been visible, I felt she was looking directly at me as she sat up on her knees.

To my relief Alison glanced down at my brother's flaccid cock that he was trying to stroke back to life. Alison sighed as a look of frustration came over her face. She patted the comforter, signaling for Dave to lay down at the foot of the bed. Heeding Alison's suggestion he laid down.

Alison crawled across the bed and reached into the nightstand drawer, pulling out a pink dildo. As she made her way back to Dave Alison looked in my direction, again startling me. To my surprise this time she smiled, making it clear to me that she was aware of her audience. 

Alison handed Dave her toy before repositioning herself, lifting her leg to straddled Dave's head. With the way Dave was laying that meant that Alison's completely exposed ass and pussy were facing the doorway, fully on display. I couldn't believe what was happening before my very eyes. 

Alison didn't waste anytime as she stroked my brother's soft shaft in an attempt to revive it. Dave massaged Alison's ass, spreading her cheeks unknowingly revealing the love of his life's puckered little ass hole, and wet cunt to me. He then lifted his head and licked from her clit, across her juicy pussy, all the way to her ass. 

Dave rested his head back on the bed. With the dildo in his right hand, Dave slowly ran the tip of the large toy up and down Alison's moist slit, before he gently eased into her wet pussy. My brother slowly worked my sister in law's eager snatch. I could hear Alison's softly moaning every time Dave drove the toy inside her.

Alison's cunt was so wet it was making a slurping sound as Dave feverishly worked her pussy with the pink toy. 

"Ohhhh don't stop, don't stop!" Alison called out.

With Dave's free hand he roughly grabbed and slapped Alison's left ass cheek, while his right hand continued to rapidly fuck her with the now cream covered toy. 

Alison's moans of pure ecstasy grew louder and louder. Then Alison quickly sprang forward, leaving Dave laying there with the cum covered dildo suspended in mid air. Alison reached for her clit, lightly slapping it. I couldn't believe my eyes as Alison let out a long moan as her pussy started to gush all over Dave's chest.

Dave set the dildo down on the bed as Alison continued to shower him with her clear, sticky fluid, as she let out moans of passion. Every light slap of her sloppy cunt caused another squirt of liquid excitement to spew on my brother's chest. 

As Alison's climax subsided Dave playfully snapped and groped her ass. After regaining her composure Alison sat up, and turned around, again briefly looking in my direction. Upon noticing the mess she left on Dave, she let out a soft chuckle. 

"Oops." Alison innocently said as she traced her fingers over Dave's fluid covered abs. She bent forward, teasing her tongue slowly over his chest, and across his neck before ending at his mouth. They wildly kissed as Alison straddled Dave. I could see Alison reach down, making the proper adjustment to Dave's recharged cock. 

I could see the expression on Alison's lamplit face change as my brother's dick entered her overly aroused cunt. She slowly rocked back and forth, as they continued their passionate kiss.

Alison broke the kiss and sat up, giving me a perfect view of her firm tits. The way her dark areolas contrasted with her pale white breasts nearly made me cum right there on the spot.

Alison slowly and methodically rode my brother's hard shaft. I was so entranced by the movements of her body that I didn't realize she was staring at me. A slight grin reappeared on her lips as she continued to secretly perform for me. It took all I had to not release my confined raging hard on, and just rub one out right there on the stairs. 

With my full attention Alison grabbed and squeezed her tits glancing back at me with her glazed over eyes.

Suddenly Dave's wilting dick slipped out of Alison. I watched as she frustratedly readjusted herself, eventually sliding Dave back inside her. Alison leaned forward placing her hands on Dave's wet chest. She attempted to establish a rhythm, but it was nearly impossible on my brother's limp dick. 

Alison unstraddled Dave and sat on the edge of the bed. I decided I had seen enough of the whisky dick syndrome my brother had displayed and figured this was a good time to cash out. I slowly and quietly made my way back down the stairs. I crept across the living room as my eyes struggled to readjust to the darkness, eventually making my way back to the couch. I slipped off my shorts and sat down, eager to stroke my aching cock like never before. 

I wrapped my hand around my shaft. No sooner than I did, I heard footsteps walking across the bedroom floor. 

I cautiously listened as the footsteps momentarily paused. I sat there with my dick in my hand as I felt my precum trail across my fingers. The footsteps resumed, as they made their way toward the hallway. 

I quickly adjusted the covers before crawling under them and laying down. The last thing I wanted was to have my brother walk down the stairs, catching me nude, about to rub one out on his sofa. 

I heard a door close, followed by the sound of the running water from the shower being turned on. Feeling relieved, I pulled back the blanket and resumed my grip on my cock.

The vision of Alison's tits swaying was quickly interrupted by the sound of another set of footsteps. Like before they made their way to the hallway. However, this time I heard the creaking of the stairs. I quickly covered my raging hard on as I laid still in the darkness as I heard someone making their way down the staircase. 

With the way the couch was positioned I couldn't see the stairway, but the sounds of the footsteps went silent as they transitioned to the softness of the carpet. I laid motionless as I waited to see the silhouette cross the living room window. 

I was startled when I felt a hand brush through my hair, followed by Alison's soft whisper. 

"Well now aren't you a naughty boy."

"I...I..." I timidly started to reply.

"Sssshhhh." Alison said cutting me off. She made her way around the couch. In the dimly lit living room, I immediately noticed Alison's white panties with a dark lace trim. She slowly bent over, dangling her tits inches above my face. 

I indecisively reached for her left breast, cautiously fondling her large soft tit.

Alison let out a soft moan. I immediately realized where all this boldness was coming from as I recognized the sweet smell of the whiskey that we were overly indulging in earlier this evening. 

I lifted my head, gently taking her thick erect nipple in my mouth. Alison slid her hand across my chest and over my abs as she reached under the cover. She seemed to know just what she wanted, and to my delight she quickly found it. I switched my attention to her right breast as she grabbed hold of my rigid shaft, giving it a firm squeeze. 

"Mmmmm.. So this is what Lisa has been talking so much about. " Alison murmured.

I gradually ran my free hand up the backside of her smooth thigh before instinctively caressing her firm ass through her satin panties. 

Alison had pulled back the covers, and was now rubbing her thumb over the precum covered tip of my dick.

My hands were on autopilot, as the left hand kneaded her tit, and my right searched for the source of heat radiating from in between my sister in laws thighs. 

As I hesitantly slid my fingers across her damp, panty covered mound. Alison let out another moan. I teased her aroused clit through her silky panties as she began to stroke me. Suddenly we, or I should say I, heard the shower turn off. 

I reluctantly pulled back my hand and released her thick nipple from my mouth. 

"Alison." I whispered.

She didn't reply, in fact she actually seemed to tighten her grip around my shaft as she increased her tempo. 

"Alison. Dave's going to be getting out of the shower any minute." I whispered louder. 

Alison didn't say a word, rather she leaned in to give me a kiss. With my cock still in her firm grasp she was absolutely irresistible and it took every ounce of energy to break the kiss. 

"Dave is going to lose it if he comes down those stairs." I practically pleaded. 

"Sssshhh." Alison replied, placing her finger on my lips as she released my cock and stood up. 

I was relieved that Alison had finally comprehended the severity of the situation, however I soon realized I was grossly mistaken.

"Just a little longer. " Alison whispered as she lifted her leg to straddle me. 

My resistance was weak at best as the object of my countless fantasy's lowered herself, trapping my dick in between my abs and her damp panties. 

Alison leaned forward, grinding down on my dick as we engaged in another kiss. This one much more passionate than our first. I reached for Alison's ass, sliding my hand inside her satin panties, gently grabbing her soft ass cheek.

With my encouragement Alison vigorously slid her slippery, panty cover snatch along the length of my shaft. Her tits were press firmly against my chest as we continued to make out like a couple of high school students.

With neither one of us thinking clearly and us already being knee deep in a once in a lifetime situation I thought I'd go for broke. 

I pulled the gusset of my sister in law's panties to the side, which immediately caused her to cease her rocking motion and pull away from the kiss.

"You can't." Alison softly said lifting herself up, momentarily freeing my trapped cock before continuing to whisper, "I'm not on any birth control." 

It was at that point that we both heard the upstairs bathroom door open, immediately snapping us both back to reality. 

"Shit." Alison said as she abruptly unstraddled me. She continued, "I really wish I didn't have to leave you like this." She said leaning over, licking the precum from the tip of my dick.

And just like that, it was over just as quick as it started. Alison placed a simple kiss on my cheek, before walking topless into the kitchen.

Alison opened the refrigerator. I watched in awe as my topless sister in law bent over. Illuminated by the light in the fridge, her heavy tits hung there as she reached in, grabbing a bottle of water before closing the door.

Alison walked through the darkness, pausing in the living room to wish me a good night sleep. She swiftly made her way upstairs.

I heard the shuffling of footsteps in the bedroom above me. I could vaguely hear Dave and Alison having a conversation, shortly followed by Dave busting out into laughter. What I wouldn't have given to be a fly on the wall to hear Alison explain her way out of coming upstairs topless. 

As their footsteps and voices fell silent, I was left laying on the couch, dick in hand. 

With all that had just transpired and the taste of Alison fresh on my tongue, combined with the scent of her perfume still lingering in the air, it didn't take long before I was spewing globs of cum on my abs.

I reached for my sock as I crudely wiped the cum from my abs, hand, and semi hard dick. I tossed the sock on the floor next to the couch, and glanced at the living room clock.

It was a quarter passed one, and I knew I better get to sleeping off this whiskey if a had any chance of going to work tomorrow. 

I took a deep breath, and pulled up the covers. I closed my eyes. I couldn't help but to try to get a grasp on what the hell just happened as I faded off to sleep.

Before I knew it I awoke at six AM to the sound of my cell phone alarm buzzing in my ear. For a split second I thought the hazy memory of my sexual encounter late last night was all just a marvelous dream. But, upon noticing my balled up cum saturated sock laying on the floor next to the couch, I quickly realized the reality of the prior evening. I stood up, instantly feeling my head throbbing from to much booze and not enough sleep. 

I slipped on my boxers, and proceeded to fold the blanket. I gathered up the remainder of yesterday's wardrobe, tossing it in my gym bag. 

I couldn't get the vision of Alison out of my mind as I readied myself for work in the unfinished downstairs bathroom. The feel of her soft damp panties sliding across my cock made an impression I wouldn't soon forget. I had a lot of feelings flowing through my mind, but surprisingly, guilt wasn't one of them. 

I walked out of the bathroom and the strong, pleasing smell of freshly brewed coffee was in the air. I rounded the corner and walked into the kitchen and seen Dave sitting at the table. 

"Good morning. Help yourself to a cup of coffee." Dave said pointing towards the coffee pot.

"I wish it was Saturday." I replied setting my bag down by the door before grabbing a mug out of the cabinet.

I poured a steaming hot cup and walked to the table and sat down across from my brother. 

"Damn, we really did some damage to that whiskey last night." Dave said nodding to the nearly empty bottle resting on the kitchen table. 

"It sure feels like it did more damage to me, than I did to it." I replied taking a much needed sip of coffee."

Dave laughed. "I second that. Alison and I were pretty fucked up." Dave replied shaking his head while grinning.

"Oh yeah?" I naïvely asked. 
