 Summary: Daughter seduces recently widowed dad during Christmas break.

Note: This is dedicated to Anton Anon who requested the story.

Note 2: This is a Christmas 2018 Contest Story so please vote.

Note 3: Thanks to Tex Beethoven, Robert and Wayne for editing this story.

Replacing Mom

My parents were always touchy feely.

The held hands in public.

They kissed often in front of me, their only child.

They told each other how much they loved each other every day, often while I was listening. Unlike many kids, I never got tired of hearing it. Especially because they always made a point of making sure I knew how much I was loved as well. If you're someone who dislikes lovey dovey stuff, we would have made you sick, but we loved it.

That didn't mean I wasn't ever disciplined, but even that was never done with anger. Mom or Dad would explain my infraction to me, possibly in a loud scary voice, tell me why it was wrong, never for moralistic reasons but because of the probable negative consequences of my actions, followed by whatever my 'sentence' was... usually the loss of something I really liked to do for an uncomfortable period of time.

They were a great couple who clearly still loved each other and were inspirational in a world where over half the marriages end in divorce.

I also discovered, the summer before I started college, that my parents had wild sex. This began when I came home early from my lifeguard shift at the pool and heard them in the throes of passion. Although perhaps passion was an overly polite word to describe it.

As I was about to walk past their bedroom, I heard words coming out of my sweet, demure mother that I couldn't imagine ever hearing, "Oh yes baby, fuck me with that big, fat cock."

I froze.

"That's right, beg for it, slut," Dad ordered, in the same authoritative voice he used when disciplining me.

Dad just called Mom a slut? What the hell?

"Please, baby, slam that big, jackrabbit-fast cock in my sopping wet cunt," Mom responded, sounding desperate as she used two words I had never heard from her lips before.

"You can do better than that," Dad snarled at her.

"Pound your submissive slut and treat her like the three-hole fuck slut she is," Mom responded, sounding even sluttier and more desperate.

Three-hole fuck slut? Mom takes it in the ass? The shocking questions swirled around within me.

"That's better, you fucking whore," Dad approved, as he began fucking her so hard I could hear his body slapping into hers right through the closed door.

"Oh fuck, oh yes, mother fucker," Mom babbled, her orgasm obviously imminent.

"Come now, you cock craving bitch," Dad demanded, every word out of his mouth another shock to hear.

"Oh yes, drill my cunt baby, I'm so fucking close," Mom responded, and then she screamed, loud enough to wake up the dead, "YEEEESSSS!!!"

I didn't hear anything for a minute, and was about to back away from the door, when Dad ordered, "Knees, slut."

"Are you going to shoot your load all over your slut's face?" Mom asked, sounding like a porn star. I had never let a guy come on my face as it seemed disgusting, although if a guy ordered me to I likely would let him. I had discovered pretty early in my sex life I was rather submissive, and I was discovering today it must be a hereditary trait from my mother.

"You love facials, don't you, you cum slut?" Dad asked.

"You know I do," Mom purred, as I imagined her opening her mouth for my Dad's cock.

Shit, what's wrong with me? 

 

Shit, why is my hand in my panties? 

 

Shit, why am I so soaking wet?

"Beg for my cum," Dad demanded, sounding like he was close too.

"Yes, shoot that big load of cum all over your cum slut wife's face and then face fuck your dirty whore before your sexy daughter gets home."

I was shocked to hear my mom call me sexy as well as my father's response. "Well, you do look like her in that high school uniform."

She was wearing one of my private school outfits? The stereotypical white blouse and plaid skirt? Curious, I couldn't resist, I cracked open the door and peeked into the room to see my mother on her knees, indeed in my school uniform, with matching white nylons, with my naked Dad stroking his cock in front of her. Shit, what a big cock! Although he had a slender, rather athletic build, at well over six feet he towered over my slender brunette mother, who was no taller than I was. But again shit, what a big cock!

"Do the thigh high stockings help?" Mom asked sounding flirtatiously dirty.

"You know a good slut always wears stockings," Dad responded, tapping her lips with his cock.

"That's why I wear them every..." Mom began but was silenced by Dad's dick.

I watched in shock, like when you drive by a car accident and not only have to look, but you then can't break your eyes away from what you're seeing.

I was transfixed as Dad face fucked Mom, his entre cock disappearing in Mom's mouth. And have I mentioned how large that sucker was? Half of it must have been going down her throat!

I had only sucked a couple of guys and I'm pretty sure I didn't get even half their cocks in my mouth, and theirs had been much smaller than the one Mom was swallowing whole. What Mom was doing was porn star impressive and incredibly hot to watch.

When Dad pulled out, I got another great look at his massive dick, before I backed away, worried I was going to get caught.

"Want a nylon foot job instead?" Mom asked.

"Next time," Dad answered, as I tried to imagine the flexibility it would take her to give him a foot job. He then continued, "This time I'm going to use these pigtails as handlebars and face fuck that dirty mouth of yours."

"Mmmmmm," was all I heard from Mom before I assumed her mouth was filled with cock again.

I couldn't help it, I peeked in one more time to see my Dad holding her dark brown pigtails in each hand and furiously fucking my Mom's mouth balls deep. I couldn't help but wonder what that would feel like: just to be used for a man's pleasure.

Dad began turning my way and I quickly backed away and listened, although all I could hear was the sloppy sounds coming from Mom's mouth as I leaned against the wall and gave myself over to the pleasure I was feeling as I rubbed my pussy.

A minute or two later my Dad grunted and said, "Here it comes, slut."

I was tempted to peek again but was terrified about getting caught, so I just listened as Mom begged, "Yes baby, come all over your slut's face."

Truth be told I had never been face fucked, never taken a facial, but as I listened to my parents do it... I really wanted to be Mom.

I don't mean with Dad, but with someone who could be dominant like Dad was being for Mom.

My orgasm was close as I heard Dad finally say, "You do look hot with cum all over your face."

"I bet I also look hot with your cock slamming into my cunt," Mom replied wickedly.

"Or with my cock lodged up your tight ass," Dad added, confirming the earlier three-hole reference. My loving mother took it in the ass. Life suddenly made no sense to me.

Just when I thought there couldn't be any more surprises, Mom asked, as she upped the revelation ante, "How about when I have my head buried in a ripe fresh teen twat?"

What????????

 

No way!!!!!!!

I had to be being punked.

Not only was she implying she was bi and ate pussy, she was implying she had sex with teenagers.

I was a teenager.

"Yeah, tough to top you with your head buried in some teen slut's legs as I pound your ass," Dad agreed, he then added, "Especially Jayda."

"She does have a delicious cunt," Mom added.

"And really knows how to wield a strap-on," he added.

Who's Jayda? Why am I suddenly jealous of her? What's wrong with me? 

"You know I still am okay if you want to fuck her?" Mom offered, something she had obviously offered before. "A cream pie from her would be yummy."

"I only have cock for you," Dad responded, sounding oddly sweet considering the conversation, as he parodied a James Bond title... the series he loved more than any other.

"But eyes for everyone," Mom joked.

"Especially in nylons," Dad added. "Plus, looking and watching isn't cheating."

"You're an enigma, honey," Mom said, as I thought, You two are both enigmas.

After a moment, Mom said, "Lesley should be home soon. I should clean up and start dinner."

"But keep that cum on your face," Dad ordered.

"You're so bad," Mom giggled, sounding like a schoolgirl, as I pulled my hand out of my wet panties and my feverish cunt and scurried silently out of the house. Accelerating very gradually so as not to be heard inside my house I nevertheless drove away as quickly as I could and parked a few blocks away.

Sitting in my car, I tried to process what I had heard and witnessed.

1. Dad had just called my Mom a slut over and over.

2. Mom took facials.

3. Mom took it in the ass.

4. Mom had sex with another girl... a teenage girl.

5. Mom was submissive.

6. I was horny as fuck.

Although I was pretty structured, and I'd focused on my grades and scholarships in my senior year rather than partying, I had a pretty high sex drive.

In my senior year I'd gotten a serious boyfriend and lost my virginity, three days after turning eighteen... a late bloomer I suppose... and I'd recently had a quick summer affair with a fellow lifeguard that flamed out as quickly as it sparked.

I didn't mind giving head, and I loved getting fucked... although I was beginning to think something was wrong with me as I never came from shared sex.

Sex felt great... and I always felt an orgasm building while I was being fucked... in a dozen different positions... yet I never came. Thus frustrated, I would eventually fake an orgasm so the guy could think he'd done his job; they were both really sweet and they'd tried, but then I would have to go to the bathroom and frig myself to a rather anti-climactic climax.

I read books, I googled online articles and eventually came to accept I was just one of those girls who didn't come from sex, learning this was less uncommon than I'd thought. Also, I read that the right man, or woman, could possibly break through the invisible dam preventing a girl's tidal wave. I also learned sometimes it was a mental issue. I wondered if maybe I would come from oral sex, as it seemed quite a few women only came that way, but that hadn't occurred yet either. Perhaps someone more experienced could change that for me.

So at eighteen, I had only come from penetration with the assistance of a hairbrush, and then later my first vibrator that I'd bought through Wish of all places.

Still horny, I drove a couple more blocks to an alley, parked, and furiously frigged myself to a very quick, powerful orgasm, as I replayed the recent surreal, sexual submission. Yes, that's right, I came like crazy thinking of my Dad fucking my Mom, then calling her names as he gushed his cum all over her face while I wished I were her.

Once I recovered from my stronger than usual orgasm, I returned home and Mom was in the kitchen, in a normal blouse and skirt and white nylons. Interestingly, her dark hair was still in pigtails.

I greeted, "Hi, Mom."

"Hi, honey," she smiled, looking at me as I investigated her face for cum evidence.

I said, "Pigtails are a youthful look."

For a moment Mom looked mortified. She had obviously forgotten to take them out, or she'd been told not to by Dad. She recovered quickly as she shrugged, "Just trying to regain my youth."

Although I couldn't see any cum on her face from where I was, as I got closer I saw a wad that was obviously cum in her hair. I said, enjoying the conversation where I knew the truth and Mom had to lie to me, "You have something white-ish in your hair."

Again her eyes went wide. She said, after a moment's thought, "I must have gotten some facial cream in my hair."

"Hey," I suggested, loving the double entendre that she couldn't guess I actually meant, "we should get a facial together."

"Y-y-yes, that's a great idea," Mom stammered, obviously thinking of the very thing I was suggesting, based on what was actually in her hair and on her face.

"It looks like you just got one," I added, enjoying making my mom squirm. After a pause to let my ominous words sink in, I added, "I mean you're really glowing at the moment."

"Yes, I did," she admitted.

"Where did you go?" I asked. "I could use one too."

"Um... I..." she struggled, "Dina's."

"Who did you have?" I asked, forcing her to lie more and more.

"Angela," she said. I wondered if she actually had gone to Dina's, it was the most expensive salon plus in the city. And was Angela a real person?

"I'll see if I can get in," I said, ending my session of making my mom squirm.

As it turned out, Angela was real and I spent the rest of the summer sneaking into the house so I could listen to my parents fucking and pleasure myself while imagining having a man fucking me that forcefully.

Unfortunately in early November while I was away at college Mom, who hadn't been feeling well for weeks, went to the hospital and discovered the worst possible news: cancer. Worse yet, it had spread through almost her entire body. We learned she had days to live, not even weeks, and I flew home so we could spend every second together bouncing back and forth between joyous laughter as we reminisced about her life, and gritting our teeth at the harsh reality that she would be gone at any moment.

Every morning I hurried into her room to make sure she was alive, until one day when she wasn't.

My heart broke.

And her last words to me lingered as she had whispered them to me before drifting into sleep the night before she passed, maybe she knew it was her last night, and she was apparently drifting off to heaven. The words were simple: Take care of Daddy, Lesley. You're the woman of the house now Lesley, I need you to take care of Daddy and all his needs!!!

 

My last words to my mother were a promise: I will, Mom.

It was a promise I hadn't kept as Dad refused to let me stay home when I had finals in a month. I reluctantly returned for only a day and a night to attend the funeral.

Not surprisingly, my Dad was completely shattered. Mom and Dad had shared a love you almost never saw in real life. They did everything together before the cancer: ballroom dancing, book club, adult league bowling and so forth.

And now he was alone.

And I was two and a half thousand miles away.

Back at college, I tried to get back into a routine. In my classes or when studying I mostly could, but when I was alone in my dorm room I was a mess.

Every night, I couldn't help but replay Mom's words over and over: Take care of Daddy, Lesley. You're the woman of the house now Lesley. I need you to take care of Daddy and all his needs!!!

At first, I took those words like any normal daughter would: it simply meant to look after him after the tragedy of losing his soulmate, and to give him the love and support he needed, to help him understand he needed to move on.

Yet as the weeks passed, I began to think of a different, much more twisted possibility of what those words could mean.

What if she meant I was to replace her?

 

What if she meant I was supposed to be Daddy's new slut?

 

What if I was supposed to be the three-hole submissive in her place?

When I was horny, these were my thoughts as the brief sight of his big, fat cock was forever etched in my memory.

I imagined sucking his cock.

I imagined getting fucked by his cock.

I imagined getting a facial from his cock.

I imagined being called nasty names while he used his cock on me and in me.

I even imagined giving my anal virginity to his cock.

I came hard every time, imagining serving as a submissive slut for my father and his big, fat cock.

Yet, once the orgasm had subsided, guilt washed over me.

What I was fantasizing about was sick... twisted... immoral... Illegal.

I tried to date again and more importantly to find my own dominant man... someone who understood the submissive needs of a woman like me. A man who could put me in my place and maybe even make me come. Yet none of them caught on and most of them seemed only to want to get off and be gone (five guys in five weeks... which at still only eighteen made my lifetime total seven, which was kind of slutty, I agree).

It was frustrating as fuck as although I looked sweet and innocent on the outside and was treated as such, ironically even while I was being fucked, inside I was dying to be a submissive slut.

My incest fantasy would not go away, so in December I began to research the subject. I was very surprised to discover it wasn't as taboo (okay it still was very taboo but it wasn't quite as unheard of) as I'd first imagined.

It was only a small percentage but nevertheless a pretty large number of people who admitted to having incestuous relationships with a family member, with moms and daughters being the most common, siblings next... that said, although there was tons of research on the fact that many daughters try to find a man like their father to marry, there was a lot less true life information about father-daughter incest. Of course, there was lots of scary stuff about how harmful it was when parents or other adults were molesting young children, but between consenting adults, not so much.

Thus I began reading erotica. At first I found stories about women being submissive to men and even sometimes submissive women to other women (I wasn't really into being with another girl, but if the right opportunity came with a dominant seductress, who knows). But then I discovered one of the secrets of the internet... there are millions of incest stories out there. Again, like the research, most are mom and son, others are sibling based and some are mom and daughter (a whole niche of step-mom porn on Girlsway which was clearly a way not to break the law while really saying that wasn't actually her step-mom), but there were also some... although much fewer... daughter and daddy stories.

I, of course, gravitated to these as I replayed my father's firm, dominant voice.

I replayed the nasty encounters I had overheard.

I imagined, as I read every daddy-daughter story I could find, becoming a slut for my own Daddy.

So, back to mom's last request: Take care of Daddy, Lesley. You're the woman of the house now Lesley. I need you to take care of Daddy.

 

If I took it the not so normal way, she could have meant I was to replace her in the bedroom... to become his daughter slut. And as fucked up as that idea was... it was the constant fantasy I masturbated to, the constant fantasy that even seeped into my dreams more and more as my Christmas flight home got closer and closer.

So did I plan to seduce my father? Not completely.

Did I return home with thoughts of an incestuous relationship with my father as a possibility? I'd be lying if I said no.

Did I plan at least allow to the idea to seep into my father's subconscious by what I wore and what I said? You betcha!

Anyway, like I said, I didn't exactly come home to seduce my father, but I sure wasn't against it.

What I did plan to do for certain was tempt him and see if he took the bait.

Which, I guess, is admitting I really did plan to seduce him... semantics.

Which brings me, finally, to the Christmas that changed everything.

.....

So what was I wearing when he arrived at the airport to pick me up? A sundress and pantyhose... even though it was impractical for a long flight and even more impractical for leaving winter in Boston, although it was slightly more practical for arriving in Los Angeles. I was a bit cold the entire time (except down below where a fire was smouldering).
