 Author's Note:

This story has a bit of an implausible premise, and was started as a bit of a goof just to get the words flowing. I think it blossomed into something more than its premise would have suggested, but we'll see. Stay tuned after the main story for a fun bonus scene that's not really true canon, but does get some more kinks checked off. I mean, it'll be literally right after the story ends, and you're all just gonna keep reading even if I don't say anything. But still, though.

****

I felt a little uncomfortable right off the bat when Mom told me she and Lily needed to talk to me. It got even worse when they sat me down, each with a nervous and guilty look on their faces. Still, despite my racing mind, I couldn't possibly have guessed where the conversation would go.

"Honey," Mom said slowly, "as you know, Lily and I have been figuring things out with a few different doctors recently..."

I nodded tightly. Lily, my little sister, had been having some health problems that had developed in her mid-teens. If anything, they'd been getting worse as she got older, and turning eighteen hadn't helped anything.

"It's not, like, bad news, is it?" I asked.

Mom shook her head. Lily refused to look at me. "It's good news, actually," Mom assured me.

"Neither of you look like it's good news."

"Well... it's good, but strange."

"Messed up," Lily mumbled.

"What kind of messed up?" I demanded. "Just tell me, would you?"

Mom sighed. "Jess, honey, it's not that easy. You're not going to like this either. It's taken Lily and I a while to come to terms with it."

I swiped my fingers back through my hair and took a deep breath. "Well, listen, either you tell me and we deal with it, or I'm outta here. I can't just sit here all day while you make me nervous and don't tell me anything."

Lily shifted uncomfortably. "Mom, maybe we shouldn't yet."

Mom set her jaw firmly. "No, Lily, we have to. We talked about this."

"I know, but... it's so weird."

I rolled my eyes. "Anyone gonna let me in on the secret or what?"

Mom raised her hands and dropped them. "Fine. Lily has certain rare deficiencies. Proteins and nutrients and stuff."

"Fine," I said. "What's the big deal? Get her some supplements."

"That's what we're working on. It's just that we need something very specific."

"Ok. So?"

"Something from you," Mom continued, tone indicating that she hoped she'd hinted closely enough.

She very much hadn't.

"What could I possibly have?" I demanded. "I'm not a scientist or doctor or anything."

"No, honey, but you're a boy," Mom said, twisting her fingers anxiously as she spoke. "And you're Lily's closest male relative."

"You're not wrong. But so what?" I paused. "Oh, shit. Does she need a blood transfusion or something? Why didn't you just say that?"

"No, not blood," Mom said.

"So what, then? Something else?"

"Yes."

I sighed and tried to stay cool. I was not having fun with this game of twenty questions. "Please just tell me what she needs."

"Well... it's like..."

Lily had herself all scrunched up into the smallest ball she could make. I'd assumed she was out of the conversation, but apparently Mom's lack of answers was bugging her almost as much as me.

"Cum," Lily blurted. "I need your fucking cum, alright?"

"What?"

Mom winced. "I wouldn't have put it that way-"

"No, you wouldn't put it any kind of way," Lily muttered, having gone bright red. "You made me do it."

I held up my hands placatingly. I couldn't deal with a verbal jousting match between them right now. "Say that again?"

"You heard right," Mom said wearily. "Apparently the very best thing for your sister is your... stuff. Semen."

"Cum," Lily repeated. "It doesn't get any better if you're all evasive about it."

I nodded slowly. "And this was a real doctor you spoke to?"

"I knew you weren't gonna like it," Lily said. "I sure as hell don't."

"Yes, honey, a real doctor," Mom assured me. "If you like, we can all go in and see her together. I know this is going to be hard to process and everything, but it really does seem like it might help. You know we've been trying everything to get some answers."

"Yeah, but... this?"

"This," Mom confirmed. "We kinda thought maybe we'd try it for a week or something, see how it-"

"Wait wait, hang on. Just to be clear, when you say 'try it,' you mean..."

"Gotta eat it," Lily mumbled in a barely audible voice.

"Oh god."

Mom shook her head rapidly. "No, listen. You just do it into a little jar or something. It doesn't have to be super uncomfortable for either of you."

Lily and I exchanged a glance. "Somehow you're not grasping the sheer levels of discomfort here," I said.

"No, I know." Mom sighed. "I'm just trying to make it sound less painfully awkward."

"Not doing a great job so far, gotta say."

Lily had curled up into herself so much by that point that I could barely see her face. She looked about like I felt. It was going to be a long-ass day at this rate.

****

Further conversation and arguing didn't get us much of anywhere. We took a break to cool down and think things out on our own. I tried that at first, then decided I'd rather not think about it at all. Instead, I loaded up a heavy playlist and lay on my back in bed, losing myself in the music instead of my thoughts.

I'd managed to zone out a bit before Lily came looking for me. I was a bit surprised that she wasn't off hiding in her room like I was, but I also wasn't about to turn her away. I knew she wasn't having any better a time of it than me, and if she wanted to talk I should probably listen.

"I'm sorry about this," she said, perching on the foot of my bed while I sat up and got comfortable.

"It's not your fault. It is what it is, I guess."

Lily brushed her hair back nervously. "It's kinda my fault. Sorta."

"How? 'Cause of your health? That's not on you."

"No. More, like, it doesn't have to be you. I mean, it's better if it is, but in theory any guy's cum would help. There's this whole explanation that this new doctor has, and I don't really understand it."

"So, wait, I'm not sure I follow."

Lily shrugged. "It's better if it's you," she repeated. "And... I wanted it to be."

"What?"

"Not like that. Don't be weird. Just... I know it's horrible and all. But, like, it'd be even worse if it was someone else. Like, what, I'm gonna start blowing random dudes?"

"I don't think that's the only alternative."

"No, it isn't. I'm just saying." Lily shrugged miserably. "I could get some anonymously. I thought about it. But I'd still feel horrible and gross about it. As fucked as it is, it'd be easier if it's you. And it is legitimately better for me, too."

"Lily..."

"Please?" She looked at me with big, pleading eyes. "Just think about it at least? For me?"

"Dammit..."

"I'm so tired, Jess. So tired of having to go to the hospital, having tests, staying home sick half the time, not being able to concentrate for no reason. Just... tired of being tired."

"Yeah, I get that. I want to help. I just wish it was something less... this."

"I know. It's weird. But hey, it's an excuse to lock yourself in your room and jerk off, right?"

"Pff, like I need an excuse."

We exchanged a cautious smile, but awkwardness still lurked behind the facades we momentarily presented.

"You know," Lily said quietly, "at first Mom really wanted me to ask some other boy. Wanted me to think of someone I wouldn't mind fooling around with a bit. I think she thought it'd be easier on me. But, like, you were the only one I could think of who I wasn't just super terrified of asking."

"Aw, come on. I'm the weirdest possible choice."

"Weirdest, maybe, but the least scary too. I knew you at least wouldn't laugh, and you'd want to help." Lily shrugged. "You know I've always been the weird sick kid at school, right? Plus I got no tits or ass or anything. Fuckin' can't grow into this stupid body."

"Tits and ass aren't everything."

"No, but they're something, and I don't have 'em." Lily sighed. "At least with you, it doesn't have anything to do with being attracted to me, 'cause that was never gonna be the important thing."

"I guess not."

We sat in awkward silence a moment.

"Would it make it any better if I, like, helped?" Lily asked.

"Helped?"

"You know. Like, you'd probably wanna close your eyes or whatever, but maybe it'd still feel better if I, like..." She trailed off made a jerking off motion with her hand.

My eyes widened. "Lily!"

"Sorry, sorry. Stupid idea. I knew it was. Fuck. Sorry." She stood up. "I should go now."

"You don't have to, but-"

"No no, that just made it worse. I knew it would. I dunno. I just thought maybe like... 'cause you could pretend it wasn't me and all..."

"You'd still have to do it to me," I pointed out.

"Yeah, but I think I'd be ok with it."

"You would?"

"Don't look at me like that. I mean, just with my hand. Nothing too messed up." She shrugged. "I've never actually felt one, you know. So I don't have all those associations already ingrained. Maybe it wouldn't feel that gross to me. Or maybe it would. Stupid idea either way."

I sighed. "Lily, we probably need to talk some more about this. But, like, you know I love you, right?"

She smiled faintly. "Yeah, I know."

Lily exited, and I was left confused and disturbed in slightly different ways from the end of the previous conversation.

Still, oddly enough, I felt determined now to help her out. Knowing that it was her decision to ask me, agonized as it was, made it better than having the choice forced upon us by some doctor, or even Mom. It was something that ultimately was between Lily and me, and should be up to us. If it was what Lily wanted, what she needed, than I was going to help her, dammit. Weirdness be damned.

I got a small jar from Mom, which was just about as awkward as anything else had been that day, then barricaded myself in my room. I felt super embarrassed and had a hard time getting started, since I felt like both Mom and Lily knew what I was doing, and I kept imagining them creeping outside my door, or waiting to tease me later. I knew they wouldn't be doing either thing, but that didn't help much.

After an overly long porn and jerk off session, I managed to shoot most of my load in the clinical little container. It wasn't as much as I thought it would be, but maybe it was enough. I assumed it had to be.

Not knowing what else to do, I set the jar in front of Lily's door, knocked, the ran away. It was way, way too much to deal with the aftermath just yet. Hopefully if I waited a while, we wouldn't have to talk about it any further.

****

I ended up seeing Lily again before bed, though purely by accident. She was waiting to use the bathroom as I was coming out. I couldn't very well avoid her at that point.

"Thanks for earlier," she said with a tentative smile.

"Uh, yeah. Sure."

"I actually felt a little better. But... it might have just been, like, a placebo effect or something."

"Well that's good anyway." I shifted uncomfortably. "So did you... I mean did it..." I shook my head. "Shit, I don't know why I'd even want to ask that."

Lily giggled softly. "I put it on a sandwich with lots of peanut butter. Couldn't even hardly taste it, really."

"Oh. Ok. Good."

"Yeah." Lily bit her lip. "Well, uh, good night, I guess. See you in the morning?"

"Yeah, in the morning." I cleared my throat. "Um, how often do you think-"

"Maybe a couple times a day? Once before school if, like, you think you could." Lily's face was flushed but hopeful. "And maybe I could take a sandwich too?"

"Are you sure you want to do that?"

"No. But I really did feel a little better. And even if it's just in my head, it's still something."

I thought about arguing that she would have to eat more of her brother's cum for that feeling, but decided against it. She already knew that. Pointing it out again wasn't going to help.

"We'll see," I said. "Night. Love you."

Lily threw her arms around me, pressing her frail weight firmly against me. "Love you too. Thanks for doing this."

"Yeah, well... yeah."

****

I jerked off twice the next morning, which was a bit much for so early in the day. My second load wasn't impressive at all, but it's what I could produce.

Lily was happy, and that was the main thing.

I wasn't prepared for her being quite so eager upon my return home that evening. I got the sense that she'd been specifically waiting for me, and she ambushed me just as I was walking in.

"Hey," Lily said, bouncing from foot to foot.

"Hey yourself. How was school?"

"Fine. Good, actually. Do you think you could, like, get me another dose?"

I looked at her. "More cum?"

"Yes, please."

"Lily..."

"I know, I know. But I think it's working. I really do."

"First of all, I don't think it'd work that fast. Secondly, how much are you actually supposed to get in a day?"

"Well it might work that fast. You don't know." Lily hugged her arms around herself. "And I mean, more's gotta be better, right?"

"Lily, seriously, how much did the doctor say?"

"I don't know. She kept talking about, like, milligrams and stuff. Like, how'm I gonna know how much that is?"

"Maybe you better find out."

"Yeah, I guess. But for right now..."

"Fine, fine. I'll go do it again. Only 'cause I love you."

Lily threw her arms around me. "Thanks, Jess. You're the best."

"I'm something alright."

****

I had to admit, as the week wore on, Lily looked progressively better. It got to a point where I couldn't deny that something was working, though I wasn't quite ready to say what.

Unfortunately, jerking off got to be a chore, which was something I never thought would happen. Lily pestered me about it constantly, and I honestly just couldn't keep up.

"Pleeease," she whined one evening. "Just one more for a bedtime snack?"

"I can't, Lily. Seriously. You're wearing me out."

"Am not. You can still go again. You only did it four times today, and I know you can do six."

"You've been keeping track?"

Lily flushed. "Maybe."

"Well that's certainly not helping. And I'm just tired, alright? I've been jerking off a lot this week."

"Yeah, I know. I appreciate it." She bit her lip. "But, uh, I could maybe help?"

"What do... oh. No. No no no."

"I could! I know how it works."

"That is so not the point."

"I know I'm all weird and not really sexy or anything, but-"

"Untrue, and not the point either."

Lily set her jaw stubbornly. "You shouldn't be complaining so much about doing it if you won't even let me help when I offer."

"Dammit, you're not jerking me off. You're my sister."

"Yeah, dude, I know. I've also been eating your cum all week, so don't act like we're all pure and innocent."

"That's... different. It's medicinal."

"Yeah. So's this."

We argued some more. I grew increasingly frustrated at being unable to dissuade Lily from wanting to jerk me off. Sure she had a decent reason for it, and I was pretty sure she really was just trying to be helpful, but she had to understand why it was a terrible idea, didn't she?

I thought I had some backup when Mom showed up, but I may have assumed too much.

"What's all the fighting about?" Mom asked.

I waved my arm at Lily in exasperation. "She's being weird."

"Just trying to help," Lily responded sulkily.

"Help with what?" Mom asked.

"He didn't want to masturbate again," Lily said. "So I said I'd help. And he got all mean about it."

"I did not," I said. "I was being sensible."

Mom rubbed her forehead. "Lily, do you really need more tonight?"

Lily nodded. "It'd be good."

Mom looked at me. "And you... what, can't do anymore?"

"Well... I mean I could... I guess..."

"You know it's helping your sister."

"Sure. She seems better." I shrank back under Mom and Lily's combined stares. I had the feeling of being trapped between them. "I did it four times already. Maybe that's enough until tomorrow?"

Mom sighed. "Honestly, even what Lily's been getting hasn't been as much as we'd like. I was talking to Dr. Michelle about that. We might have a solution. In the meantime..."

"Hey! No no, none of that trailing off nonsense. Just say it."

"Sweetie, do you think you could just help your sister out a little more until then?"

My eyes widened. "You're taking her side?"

"It's not about sides. I'm not asking you for anything unpleasant. I know it's hard for you. Lily and I have had more time to adjust to the idea and all. But you've been doing so well."

"But... but..."

"Would you rather I help you?" Mom asked. "It wouldn't have to be a big deal. We could just-"

"No! Come on. Not you too."

"At least it's not just me he doesn't want," Lily mumbled.

"You know it's not about that!" I said louder than I meant to. I took a deep breath and tried to calm down. "You're my sister."

"You say that like it's a whole argument by itself," Lily said. She stuck her chin out defiantly. "Guess what everyone would say if they knew what we'd already done. You're acting like somehow a little touching'd make it so much worse."

I looked to Mom, but she was no help. I sensed I'd lost. At least I'd tried, though, and my conscience felt a lot cleaner for the effort. "Well I definitely am not doing it with both of you watching," I said quietly.

Mom kissed my cheek and ruffled my hair before leaving the room. "That a boy."

Lily and I retreated to her room. I lagged behind by several steps.

She appeared much more nervous once the door was closed behind us and we were trapped together, about to embark upon an entirely new stage of weirdness. Perversely, seeing that helped me to feel better about what was about to happen.

"So I guess you should, like, close your eyes or whatever," she said.

"Why?"

"So you don't have to look at me while I'm doing it. That'd make it better for you, wouldn't it?"

"You're determined to make this about you, aren't you?"

"Well... it is about me."

"Lily, I'm your brother. Your big bro. I'm not allowed to think certain things about, or do certain things. Not ever. It's got nothing to do with wanting to or not. Nothing to do with you at all."

Lily's brow furrowed. "So you do want to?"

"You're not listening."

She let out a frustrated breath. "Fuck's sake. I just thought it wouldn't be such a big deal. Thought you might even like it if you had some help. But you're making it such a big deal, and you won't even make up your mind about whether or not you're interested, and you're-"

"Lily? Hush, please."

"But-"

"Just chill. We're gonna try it, ok? I already said we would. If you need therapy afterward, I'm washing my hands of it. It's all gonna be your own damn fault."

Lily's face slowly relaxed as my words sank in. "Yeah, you're right, I guess. Maybe we should, like, actually try it before I get too wound up."

"Yeah, maybe."

I looked away as I pulled my pants down and sat on her bed. My cock twitched to life, but didn't harden very much just yet.

Lily was almost comically fascinated at me sitting there in my boxers. She approached tentatively and knelt beside me.

"I haven't really done this before," she whispered.

"I know. It would have been better if someone else could have been your first, I think."

"I don't mind about that. Better you than a lot of other possibilities. Just... I don't want you to think I'm bad at it."

I looked her in the eyes, though that made her look away instead. "You think I'd think less of you 'cause you didn't jerk me off right?"

"Well... maybe. No, I guess not, actually. You already know I'm useless with boys and sex stuff. Can't actually get any worse. So maybe... maybe it's really good that you can teach me a little."

