 "Whose car is that?" my friend Paul asked as he pulled his car up in front of my house.

I looked at the sporty red Camaro parked in the driveway, but didn't recognize it. "Not sure," I replied.

"Is it Paige's?"

"I think I'd know if my sister got a new car."

"Have you asked her yet?"

"Asked her what?"

"About going out with me."

I rolled my eyes. "I told you that wasn't happening."

"Why not? She's your sister. She might do it if you ask."

"What fantasy world are you living in? She's a year older than you, and in college and dating college guys. Not only that, she was the head cheerleader last year. Cheerleaders don't date guys like you and me."

"But she's so fucking hot."

I rolled my eyes again. "Would you stop saying that?"

"But it's true. You know it is."

"She's my sister. We grew up together. She can't be hot to me."

"Have you ever seen her naked?"

"God, would you stop asking me that? Have you ever seen your sister naked?"

"All the time. She runs around the house without clothes every day. I can hook you up if you want."

"She's twelve, you sick fuck."

He grinned. "Just how you like 'em. No hair on their cooter."

"Shut the fuck up. That's gross."

He laughed and then shook his head. "Dude, we're a couple of losers."

I frowned. "Speak for yourself."

"Admit it. We just graduated from high school, and here we are, spending Friday nights with each other. We should be going out with girls. Getting laid."

"Sounds like a plan. Do you know any girls?"

"They're all over the place. Look around."

"Yeah, but they have to be interested in us."

"God, if I don't have sex soon, I'm going to explode."

"I hear you."

"Let's make a pact."

"A pact?"

"Yeah. Let's promise each other we'll lose our virginities before we go off to college."

"How are we going to do that?"

"I don't know, but are you in?" He held out his fist to me.

I grinned and gave it a bump. "I'm in."

"Yeah, dude, it's going to happen. I know it."

I smiled. "I hope you're right."

Little did I know, his prediction was about to come true for me.

I made my way up the sidewalk as Paul drove off, then entered the house. The downstairs was quiet with the television off, reminding me that my parents had left earlier in the day for a getaway anniversary weekend at a bed and breakfast up by the lake. That meant my sister and I had the house to ourselves for the next two days.

I wondered if the Camaro in the driveway belonged to a guy, who was now up in my sister's room with his cock inside of her. I winced at the thought, not wanting to think about my sister in that way. But the fact was, since Paige had arrived home from her first year of college three weeks ago, I'd been having all kinds of strange thoughts about her. Thoughts I shouldn't be thinking.

After using the bathroom, I made my way up the stairs. At the top, I saw that my sister's bedroom door was open. My heart leapt. If she was screwing a guy in there, did that mean I was going to get a glimpse of what was going on? A part of me was disturbed by that idea, but another part -- a part I could never admit to anyone -- wanted to see that very much. In my imagination I could picture it: my sister lying back naked with her legs spread as some faceless guy lay between them, his ass rising and falling as his cock skewered into her shaved-smooth pussy. I'd seen enough internet porn to know what that looked like, so it was only a matter of placing my sister's face on the body.

I paused and closed my eyes, pressing my hand to my forehead. Stop it, I told myself. You can't keep doing this. It's sick.

After taking a deep breath, I opened my eyes and continued down the hall. It was a stupid idea anyway. Paige wouldn't be dumb enough to leave her door open if she was fucking a guy.

Would she?

My heart rate picked up slightly as I reached her door and glanced in. Nope, there was no naked couple on the bed. Just my sister and one of her friends. I continued on, not wanting to bother them.

"Kyle?"

I stopped, trying unsuccessfully to place the voice. Then I backed up to the doorway.

My sister was sitting on her bed with her back against the headboard, and this girl was lying across the bottom on her stomach, smiling up at me. Then the recognition came.

It was Gwen Thomas, Paige's best friend from high school. They did everything together, including running the cheerleading squad. She was short -- about five-five, the same height as my sister, but she had red hair instead of Paige's blond locks. But she was just as beautiful. I even had a small crush on her a few years ago, but I never let her know. Like I said to Paul, cheerleaders don't have time for guys like me.

So I was a little surprised she'd called my name.

"Gwen?" I replied, looking at her curiously. She looked older than the last time I'd seen her. More mature.

She smiled. "Long time no see."

"Yeah, I guess." I glanced at my sister, who was just taking in the conversation.

"How was your senior year?" Gwen asked.

"Good," I said with a nod, still confused about what was going on. "How about you? How was college?"

"It was great. Had a lot of fun."

"That's good." I wasn't sure what else to say, looking again at my sister.

Gwen moved from lying to sitting on the edge of the bed, facing me. She was wearing jean shorts and a white stretch blouse that showed off her breasts quite nicely. I had to concentrate in order not to stare.

"Do you have a girlfriend?" Gwen asked, still smiling.

I swallowed. "Um, no." Then I added. "You? Um, I mean a boyfriend?"

She giggled. "No one steady."

"I, um, I guess I'll go to my room now. Leave you two alone."

"You can stay if you want," Gwen said. "We don't mind."

I glanced at Paige again, who gave me a slight nod.

"Um, okay." my discomfort was growing. What was going on here?

"Have a seat," Gwen said. "Get comfortable."

Although she patted the bed beside her, I looked around for another option. Then I moved to my sister's computer desk and turned the chair around to face the bed before sitting down.

Gwen smiled again. "So, what's been going on?"

"Um, not much. You?"

"What did you do tonight?"

"Just went out."

"On a date?"

"No. Just me and a friend."

"Girl friend?"

"No, my friend Paul."

"That's weird."

I gave her a curious look. "Weird?"

"I mean, I would think you'd be out with a girl."

"Um..." I wasn't sure how to respond to that.

"You've really changed since last fall."

My brow furrowed. "Really?"

"Of course. It's so obvious. You're taller, and your body is filling out. You're not scrawny anymore."

That was all true. I'd grown six inches in the past year, and I'd gained about twenty pounds. While I'd never be mistaken for an athlete, I was starting to resemble my father, who was six-three with broad shoulders.

"Um, thanks."

"And you're getting cute, too. I would think the girls would be all over you."

I felt a warm blush on my face. "Well, um..."

"It sounds to me like you're just shy."

Paige said. "I always tell him that."

I looked at my sister, who was smiling and acting like this was a normal conversation.

"Can I ask you a question?" Gwen said.

"I guess."

"It's kind of personal."

"Okay," I said, wondering what this was about.

"Are you a virgin?"

I stared at her in surprise. "What?"

"I'm just curious."

I shook my head. "That's... um... that's too personal."

"So is that a yes?"

I looked at Paige for help, but she was still wearing that enigmatic expression.

"Um..."

"It's okay if you are," Gwen said. "I've had a few virgins, and they're usually the nicest guys."

"Well, I..."

"Have you done anything with a girl?"

"Anything?"

"You know. Have you ever kissed one?"

"Well..."

"Have you ever made out with one?"

"Um..."

"Ever felt a girl's boob? Got your hand in her panties?"

"I, um..." This was all happening too fast.

"Have you ever seen a girl naked?"

With that, I glanced at Paige again, who gave me a knowing smile. We both knew the answer to that question.

It'd happened two-and-a-half weeks ago, three days after my sister had come home from college. Although we'd fought like normal brothers and sisters growing up, we'd forged a sort of truce in the past few years, and it was honestly nice to have her home again. We were getting along great and having some good talks, with her seemingly genuinely interested in what I'd been up to while she'd been gone.

She'd borrowed my headphones and I needed them back, so I went to her bedroom and knocked on the closed door. When there was no response, I knocked again, a little louder, and called her name. Still no response.

I couldn't remember if she'd gone out, but I needed my headphones now, and I knew she kept them on her dresser. So I figured she wouldn't mind if I just went in and took them. Gripping the door handle, I pushed it open and stepped inside.

The sight that greeted me was literally stunning. I stood there with my mouth agape and stared.

It was Paige, but unlike I'd never seen her before. She was standing in the middle of the room with my headphones on, her body swaying slowly to the beat of the music, which was loud enough for me to hear.

And she was completely naked.

Her breasts bounced softly with her movements, full and round and so incredibly soft looking. They were topped by rose-colored nipples on the top slopes, with half-dollar sized areolas.

Her body tapered down to a narrow waist, then flared out to the curve of her hips, which framed the triangle of her pussy. She was shaved completely smooth, with her full outer lips pressed together to form a delicate slit, which curved down and underneath, out of sight. Her legs were long and lithe, and her eyes were closed as she focused on the music.

I stood there unable to move. I knew I should leave immediately, but it was like my feet were stuck to the carpet. My wide eyes took in every detail, soaking in the amazing beauty before me. Her face was peaceful as her curly blond hair tumbled down over her shoulders. She was perfection personified.

But then my brain engaged, and I knew I had to go. But at that moment, her eyes fluttered open. It took a moment, but they focused on me and then went wide with surprise. Quickly, she snatched the headphones off her head and used them to cover her crotch, while at the same time using her other arm to hide her breasts.

"Kyle!" she said.

I held up my hands. "I'm sorry!"

"You should knock!"

"I did! You didn't hear me! Oh god, I'm so sorry." I took another step back.

"What do you want?"

"Um, nothing."

"You must've had a reason to barge in here."

"I didn't barge in! I knocked and thought you had gone out."

"So what do you want?"

"Um, my headphones." I pointed at her crotch.

"Oh." She paused and said, "Do you really need them? I was having fun."

I quickly shook my head. "No, that's okay. Keep them. You can give them to me later."

She held them out to me. "If you really want them, take them."

I glanced down quickly at her cute little bald pussy, then back up again. "No, it's okay."

"You sure?" she said, still holding them out. I took another quick peek.

"Yeah." With that, I backed out of the room and quickly closed the door.

"Holy shit," I muttered as I hurried back to my room.

"Have you?" Gwen repeated.

"Um, what?"

"Have you ever seen a naked girl?"

I glanced at Paige again. "Yeah."

"I mean like a live girl. Not on the internet."

"Yeah."

"Who?"

I shook my head. "I can't say."

"Maybe you're making it up."

"I'm not."

"Was she pretty?"

Another glance at Paige. "Yeah." She smiled in response.

"So you saw this naked pretty girl and didn't do anything with her?"

"Yeah. I mean, no, I didn't do anything."

"Why?"

"It wasn't like that."

"Wasn't like what?"

"About sex."

"Why not?"

"It just wasn't."

"Did you jerk off after seeing her?"

I frowned. "What? No way!"

"Why not?"

"I don't do that."

She laughed. "Yeah, right."

"I don't."

"All guys jerk off."

"No they don't. I mean, I don't."

She just smiled at me.

"What?" I said.

"Did you get hard?"

"What?"

"When you saw this naked girl?"

"No!"

"Why not?"

"Like I said, it wasn't like that."

"You said she was pretty, and she was naked. How could you not get hard?"

"I don't want to talk about this."

"Why not?"

"Just because." I stood. "I'm going to my room." I started towards the door.

"Wait," she said, stopping me.

I looked at her expectantly.

"I'm sorry," she said. "I was being rude."

I shrugged. "It's fine."

"Actually, I want to do something for you."

"What's that?"

"Paige and I both think all you need is some confidence. And the best way to get confidence is with experience."

I looked at her blankly. "I don't understand."

"I'm willing to give you some experience."

"What does that mean?"

She smiled. "I want to do something for you."

"Like what?"

She continued to smile. "Something really nice."

"What are you talking about?"

"Kyle, would you enjoy it if I sucked your cock?"

I stared at her in complete surprise, convinced I'd misunderstood her words.

"W-what?"

"You heard me. I want to give you a blowjob."

"W-w-why?"

"Because I like virgins, and I think it would help you."

I looked at Paige, who was just staring back. Then I looked back at Gwen.

"Y-you want to...?" I just couldn't say the words.

"Yes, I want to suck your dick until you come. Would you like that?"

"N-now?"

"Yes, right now. Right here."

"Here?" I glanced at my sister again.

"Here, Kyle." Gwen said. "What do you say?"

"Um..."

"I promise you'll enjoy it. Say yes."

I stared at her without replying.

The corners of her lips turned up. "Say yes, Kyle."

I stared a moment longer, then croaked, "Yes."

She slid off the bed and moved to her knees in front of me before reaching for my zipper.

I took a slight step back and said, "Whoa," my eyes gaping in surprise. My hands covered my groin protectively.

"What?" she said. "I thought you said yes."

I glanced over at my sister, who was still sitting there watching. "Maybe, um, we should go somewhere else."

"Here is just fine," Gwen said.

I shook my head. "No, I can't." I glanced at Paige again.

"Don't worry about her," Gwen said. "Once I get my mouth on you, you won't be able to think about anything else."

"It's just... weird." I looked at Paige, who just simply met my gaze.

Gwen scooted forward slightly and reached again, this time pushing my hands away as she gripped the button of my jeans. Then she popped it loose before tugging the zipper down.

"Holy shit," I grunted.

"Relax," she said, smiling up at me. "You're going to love this."

She hooked her fingers in my pants and boxers, then began pulling them down. I looked at my sister, who was watching the proceedings. Her eyes moved up to mine, and she smiled slightly. Then she mouthed, "We're even now."

I stared at her in shock. She was talking about me seeing her naked. This was even to her? Watching me get a blowjob from her friend?

"No fucking way!"

Gwen's words caused me to look down, and I saw her staring in surprise. When I looked lower, I saw that my cock had flopped out and was now hanging down in front of her face. I looked at her in confusion.

"Your dick is huge!" she said, still staring at my crotch.

I felt the heat of my blush on my face. I'd dreamed of getting a blowjob so many times, but I'd never imagined it to be like this. This was so weird, it was practically a nightmare.

"Um..." That's all I could get out. I was speechless.

"I'm serious," she said. "That's the biggest cock I've personally seen. And it's not even hard. She turned to my sister. "Paige, did you know about this?"

"Oh god," I muttered, wanting to crawl into a hole and disappear.

"I had no idea," Paige said with a soft smile. "I haven't seen it since we were kids. And I wasn't really paying that much attention back then."

Gwen reached up and took it in her hand, gently holding the shaft. "It's a beautiful cock too. Nice and masculine."

I grunted from her touch. Until now, it felt like my dick was shrinking from embarrassment. But as I felt her warm grasp, that familiar tingle pulsed through my nuts.

She began to slowly stroke me, and I sighed as the pleasure began.

"It's getting hard," she announced, stating the obvious as my cock began to grow. A glance at Paige told me my growing erection had her undivided attention.

"Yes, that's it," Gwen said, her voice soft. "Getting nice and stiff."

I closed my eyes to block out the scene around me, focusing instead on her hand. It was the first time my cock had been touched by anyone other than me, and it felt very good.

Really, really good.

My dick approached full hardness as her hand slid up and down, bumping over the raised ridge encircling the head. When I opened my eyes again, my cock was arching in a slightly upward curve, but she was holding it down at an angle, so that the swollen head was right in front of her mouth.

"Uhhh," I groaned as I stared at the erotic sight of this beautiful girl touching and staring at my erection. I wanted to look at my sister, but I just couldn't bring myself to do it. It was just too weird.

Gwen gripped the middle of the shaft and held my cock in place as she leaned forward and kissed the slotted tip. I groaned again from the contact, and also from the incredible sight. Was this really happening?

"Mmm," she said, licking her lips. "I can already taste you."

"Damn," I groaned.

She giggled and leaned forward again, kissing the slitted hole. Then she pressed forward, ovaling her lips as she slid them over the engorged knob, locking them around the shaft just past the ridge.

"Ohhh," I panted. I'd never felt anything like it.

Then I felt her tongue begin to move, licking over the sensitive spot just below the hole. I groaned again, watching intently as my cock inflated even further, stretching out into a solid bar.

She turned her eyes up to mine, watching my face as she continued to suck, holding just my cockhead in her mouth. I stared back in disbelief, still wondering if this were a dream.

Her hands moved to my hips and held them in place as she slowly pushed her face forward. Her lips stretched around my thick shaft as they slid onto me, causing the underside of my cock to glide over her tongue. Her mouth tightened with suction, and an involuntary moan of pleasure escaped my lips. It felt incredible, and kept getting better as more of my erection slid into her mouth.

Finally, she bottomed out, and she gagged slightly as my cockhead hit the back of her throat. But she kept her mouth around me, her lips gripping my engorged flesh halfway down the shaft.

"Oh fuck," I groaned. This was unbelievable.

She held me deep for a long moment, then reversed direction, her full lips puckering outward as they slid back up my solid length. I felt like I'd died and gone to heaven as I watched, and when her tight oral ring bumped over the ridge of my knob, I thought I was going to blow my nuts right there.

She slid all the way off and smiled up at me. "Did you like that, baby?"

"Oh god," I panted. "That was amazing."

She giggled softly. "Are you going to come soon?"

I nodded. "Yeah. I'm sorry."

"Don't worry about it. It's like a compliment. And I love the taste of cum."

"God, you're so sexy."

She flicked her tongue out, licking over the stretched-smooth skin of my glans. All the while she kept her wide eyes turned up to mine, watching my reaction from her touch.

A bead of clear pre-cum appeared at the tip of my dick and she licked it away. "Mmm, so sweet," she said, savoring the taste. Then she moved one hand to the base of my shaft and milked upward. Another clear bead appeared, then overflowed, running down the front of the shaft. She quickly leaned forward and caught it with her tongue, then followed the shiny line up to its source, where she slid her lips around the tip once again and sucked me into her mouth.
