 Because several asked and I wanted to, I have reposted this story from several years ago. If you have read it, thank you; you need not read, vote or comment again. If not, I hope you enjoy, Randi

*****

My wife's sister was the perfect ice maiden. I'd known her for ten years and she seldom smiled. She was very hard to talk to and seemed to have absolutely no sense of humor. She had a boyfriend who was just as stuffy and uncomfortable to be around as she was. They taught together at the same elementary school in a town about twenty miles from where we lived, and we saw them occasionally, too often to suit me. My wife called her up and asked her out to eat about once a month. It was something I hated, but my wife was someone that loved everyone and she loved her sister, for some reason. For me, I'd never known anyone less loveable.

It's not that she was unpleasant or rude, it just seemed like her personality was a black hole that sucked the life from the room. She was very nice to look at, long black hair, eyes that were so blue you would think she was wearing contacts and the same killer body my wife had. I'd always have loved looking at her if it wasn't for that null void she had for a personality.

My wife set up another of those dinner dates and I expressed my frustration. "Jesus Christ, Ann; why do you do this to me? You might as well set up dinner for us with a cardboard cutout. You know I hate this."

"I know, baby; but I love Samantha. You know that. I wish she wasn't like she is, but she's my little sister and I love her. What else do you have to do that's better?"

"Well, let's see: I could sit and twiddle my thumbs. That would be more exciting. I could eat glass or listen to fingernails scrape on chalkboards. That would be better, too. Is that nard Julian coming?"

"No, I know you don't like him," Ann said.

"I don't like her either," I told her. "I'd rather take you out for dinner and come home. I'll fuck your brains out."

"You'll do that anyway," she giggled. "I wish someone would fuck Sam's brains out. I think that's what she needs." She looked at me speculatively.

"What is going on in that devious mind?" I asked her.

"Don't you think she's hot?" she asked.

"Well, she's built right. She's about as hot as a life-sized doll though. The doll would be more interesting."

"Would you fuck her if I asked you to?"

"Jesus, Ann; what the hell is wrong with you? I wouldn't cheat on you! I'd rather cut off my nuts. You would cut off my nuts! No, I wouldn't fuck her under any circumstances. If I weren't married to you I wouldn't fuck her. I'd rather fuck a rubber toy."

"I fuck rubber toys and you like to watch," she said. "You like to fuck me with them and watch me squirm."

"My God, you're serious about this, aren't you? You really want me to fuck your sister! Jesus, Ann, what the hell is wrong with you?"

"I love Sam. I want her to be happy. Julian is a tool and I don't think they even have sex. I wouldn't be surprised if she was a virgin. Please do this for me baby."

"Are you going to fuck my brother?"

"No, I'll never share my pussy with another man. I would share your cock with Sam. It's different with women, Trace. I couldn't survive the emotions of letting another man fuck me. I know you; you could fuck hundreds of women and not feel a thing. I'm not like that."

"Neither am I," I told her. "I don't fuck around on you, Ann. That would mess me up emotionally. I love you, baby. I don't want to fuck anyone else."

"I know, and I'm glad. I don't want you to fuck around, just Sam. I'd like to fuck her, too."

"Oh my God," I exploded. "You want me to fuck your sister and you want to fuck her, too? You're a very naughty girl, Ann."

"Yes, I'm horny just thinking about it. I want to fuck now, Trace."

I took her there in the kitchen. I have to admit that the thought of Ann fucking her sister was hot! I pulled her dress off over her head. She never wore a bra around the house. I loved being able to slide my hand under her shirt anytime I wanted and feeling up those fantastic breasts. She loved it, too, and we wound up fucking all over the house. She had on a pair of little yellow lace panties and I pushed them to the side and slid my cock into her dripping pussy. She groaned as I bent her over the counter and pounded her from behind.

"God, Trace; that feels good. Give me that big cock,"

She came easily and often, and it wasn't long before I was filling her pussy with my cum. She went off again when she felt me spurting inside her and we wound up on the sofa, spooned up together.

"So you'll do it?" she asked.

"Are you crazy?" I asked. "No, I won't do it. Don't ask me again."

She ignored me and over the next three weeks, she kept at it. She fucked me three times a day, every time she begged and gradually my will eroded until finally I lost my mind and agreed. I had no idea just how devious she was. She had a plan. I told her I had no idea how to fuck Samantha. It would be like trying to seduce a plant. She was never alone with me and I had no idea how to make that happen. Ann did. It was genius. She really wanted this badly!

She invited Samantha to spend the week at our cabin up on the mountain. She had been watching the weather. It had been mild and the roads were open up there. It was snowed in for weeks at a time, but it was open then. There was a big storm expected that Saturday night. We would go up on Friday and Samantha would meet us there. Ann was going to fake an emergency at the hospital where she was a surgeon and text Sam at the last minute, telling her she would come up Saturday. The snow would move in and Samantha and I would be trapped up there for a few days. She wouldn't be able to come up and Sam and I would be alone.

"Work your charms when you get her by herself," she told me. "You're a very charming man, Trace. I'm counting on you. Fuck her silly for a week and I'll guarantee she'll become a different person. I was shy and quiet before I met you. Can you do it?"

"I'd rather go to the dentist," I told her. "Are you sure, baby? I'd much rather be stranded with you if I have to be stranded."

"I know, we'll get stranded another time. Please do this for me, baby. I'll owe you for years if you will."

"I'll do it if you let me fuck your sexy little ass," I told her. She didn't like anal much. We'd done it a couple of times and she was very reluctant to give it up. She liked it once we got going but not the beginning or having cum in her ass.

"Damn, Trace; I can't believe you'd extort anal out of me like that."

"That's my terms," I said. "I don't want to do this anyway."

"Okay," she agreed reluctantly. "I'll do it. You're an asshole though."

"Yes, an asshole that's going to cum in your asshole," I told her.

"Yuck," she said. "I can't believe you like that so much. It feels terrible! I like cum in my mouth or my pussy. Not back there though. It's disgusting, Trace."

"Not to me," I told her. "I love your ass. I want to touch it all the time. It's your fault for having such a sexy one. I'll fuck your little pussy first and make you cum a hundred times."

She set everything up and I made the drive up to the cabin. Samantha was already there when I arrived, and she told me she had got the text just as she arrived. We made stilted conversation for a while. I asked her about school and she warmed up a little. She had been having trouble with a parent. He kept trying to pick up his kid, but he was non-custodial and the kid's mother didn't want her seeing him. He had showed up at school and given Sam a hard time. They had to call the police and they arrested the guy.

"Does that sort of thing happen much?" I asked her.

"You'd be surprised," she said. "Over half the kids in my home room don't live with both their birth parents and it isn't getting any better. We have lists of who is supposed to pick them up. People not on the lists try to pick them up all the time. Usually it's a neighbor or a grandparent, and we get it all sorted out. Some of them get nasty and abusive about it."

"Well that really sucks for the kid," I said. "Can you imagine seeing your Dad taken away in cuffs?"

"No, I can't imagine," she said. "You know Dad died when I was five. I would have loved to have him pick me up from school." She became a little wistful. I think that was the most emotion I ever saw from her. This was going well!

"How well do you remember him?" I asked her.

"Not well; I remember some things. I remember his pipe and the way it smelled. It was really nice. I remember him taking Ann and me to the park and playing with us. We went out for ice cream every Wednesday evening until he died. I missed him dreadfully for a long time. I still do." There were tears in those big blue eyes and she shook a little as a sob escaped.

I put my arm around her and hugged her. We were sitting on the sofa drinking beer. She stiffened when I hugged her then relaxed. I petted her hair. It was very soft and wavy, bouncing under my touch.

"I don't like to think about it," she said, pulling away and getting up. "It's late. Thanks for asking, Trace, but I'm going to bed. See you in the morning."

She climbed up to the loft and I heard her moving around, getting ready for bed. She appeared briefly, walking to the bathroom, a robe wrapped around her. She smiled down at me and her face was transformed. It was such a rare sight that I was shocked for a minute. I went to bed and about two in the morning, I heard the wind moaning. Ice and snow were rattling off the windows and at some point the power went out. When I got up in the morning there was a full-fledged blizzard going on out there, and it was freezing in the house. I could see my breath when I was getting dressed, and I hurried out to build a fire in the fireplace. There was a generator out in the shed to keep the water on, but it wouldn't run the heater. The range and water heater were gas and we could cook and run the refrigerator, but that was it.

Samantha came downstairs and huddled by the fire while I made breakfast. "Ann isn't going to be able to make it, is she?" she asked.

"I'm afraid not," I told her. "I'm sorry, Sam."

"It's not your fault," she said. "Can we get out?"

"We can go outside, if that's what you mean. We won't be able to drive home, though. Not until they get the roads open anyway. They won't even try as long as it's snowing like this."

"So we're stuck here?" she seemed very unhappy with the situation. That was good, too. At least she was showing some emotion.

"I'm sorry; we are stuck. Do you mind so much? I've always wished we knew each other better, Sam. I know Ann loves you. You're very important to her, but I've always felt like you don't like me. I've never known why. Can we try to get to know each other better?"

I brought her breakfast. I had made ham and cheese omelets and biscuits with strawberry jam. I brought her a cup of coffee and we sat in front of the fire and ate.

"Why do you think I don't like you?" she asked.

"Well, you haven't said five hundred words to me in ten years," I said. "I try to talk to you, get you to smile or laugh, tell me something about yourself and it's like hitting a wall. Have I done something you don't like?"

She glanced up at me and I could see tears in those big blue eyes. She looked back down at her plate. "You married Ann and took her away from me," she whispered so low I could hardly hear her.

"Jesus, Sam, I never meant to do that! I wasn't taking her away. Sometimes I think she loves you more than me! We live twenty mile away and you're welcome in our house any time. You never come over. We have to call you and ask you out to dinner and it's like pulling teeth to get you to go. I'm sorry you feel that way, but I want Ann to spend time with you."

She was crying openly now, sobs shaking her. "I thought you didn't like me," she said. "I didn't think you wanted me around."

"No, Sam; you never gave me a chance to like you. I want to like you, but you treat me like I'm a douche bag. I've tried to be nice to you, but you won't let me."

"Please, Trace, I'm sorry," she cried. "I won't do it any more. I want to spend time with you guys, but I thought you couldn't stand being around me."

"I couldn't," I told her. "You're like the ice queen. I've never felt comfortable around you. I understand you felt like I was taking your sister away. I wasn't, and I don't want it to be like that."

"I'm sorry," she wept.

"Will you let me hug you?" I asked her.

She looked up at me with big sad eyes. "Yes, God I'm sorry, Trace. We just got off on the wrong foot." She hesitated a minute. "I know people think I'm cold and unfeeling. I'm really not. I have feelings; I'm just not very good at showing them. It scares me. I'm afraid if I care about people they'll go away like Ann or die like Dad did." She was shaking with sobs now and it broke my heart. I moved over beside her and pulled her close. She wept into my chest, her hands clutching my robe and she couldn't be consoled. I just held her and petted her. This was some deep seated grief. I am a psychiatrist, and I have some experience in these things.

"Ann and I aren't going anywhere," I told her. "We'll always be there for you. Ann loves you more than anything. I think I could fall in love with you if you gave me a chance."

"I will," she continued to shake in my arms. "I'll come over and visit you guys. I'll call you and invite you out. I'm not going to be very good at it at first. You'll have to be patient with me. Jesus it's cold in here. I'm freezing, Trace."

I built the fire up, but it was still going to be cold. I pulled the sofa up in front of the fireplace and sat her on it. I went to the chest in my bedroom and got quilts and blankets. When I took them into the living room, she was shivering. I got her another cup of coffee and we snuggled together on the sofa under the covers, sipping our coffee. She gradually stopped shivering and looked up at me. Her eyes were red and puffy from crying and she looked like a miserable little girl.

"I'm sorry I made you cry," I told her. I bent down and kissed her lips. She stiffened up for a moment then she relaxed and kissed me back.

"It's okay," she said. "I'm glad we got it out in the open. "I've been miserable, Trace." She started to tear up again.

"Now, stop that," I told her. "We're okay now. We're going to be okay. We've got it all out in the open and we can deal with it. I can help you, Sam. I know how to help you deal with grief and alienation. We're all going to love each other and be happy now." I kissed her again and this time she just kissed me back.

"How long do you think we'll be here?" she asked.

"I don't know," I told her. "Several days, I'd guess. Why, are you in a hurry to get away from me?"

"No, but don't you want to go home?"

"Why would I? I'm stuck in the snow with a hot babe that will finally talk to me. I'll stay a month."

She blushed. "I'm sorry, Trace. I will talk to you." She looked up at me. "Do you really think I'm hot?"

"Of course," I told her. "You look like a younger, bigger version of the woman I'm madly in love with."

"Hey, was that a fat joke?" she laughed. I think it was the first time I ever heard her laugh. I wanted to make her do it again.

"No," I chuckled. "It was a compliment. You're curvier than Ann. I love her little tight body, but you're fantastic, too. You've got bigger boobs."

"Trace!" she laughed. "Why have you been looking at my boobs?"

"I'm a man. I like beautiful things. I especially like beautiful girls with big boobs."

She slapped my arm and her face was lit up in a big smile. She looked dazzling. "This is not what I'm going to talk to you about."

"Tell me a story then," I told her. "Tell me something about Sam when she was a little girl."

"I was a sad little girl for a long time after Dad died," she told me. "After a while I didn't think about it so much. Mom took us to the lake one summer when I was about twelve and Ann was fifteen. We rented a cabin and swam every day. There was a family in the cabin beside ours. They had a boy about our age and we got to know him. He went swimming with us and we hiked around. That's the first time I ever saw a boy kiss a girl. He really liked Ann. He kissed her one day down by the lake. I was very jealous. I sulked around the rest of the afternoon. When she asked me what was wrong, I told her I didn't like her kissing him. That's when she... she..., well she didn't kiss him anymore."

"Oh, no," I laughed. "You don't get to do that. I know her; what did she do?"

She wouldn't look at me. "It's embarrassing," she whispered. "I don't want to say."

"I'll tickle you if you don't tell me," I threatened her. She shook her head and I attacked her. She squealed and thrashed around until we fell off the couch. I landed on top of her and tickled her mercilessly.

"Okay, okay," she laughed helplessly. "I'll tell you. Stop, Trace; you're going to make me pee my pants."

I stopped and lay on top of her, our noses almost touching. "She kissed me," she whispered. "She kissed me like she kissed that boy."

"Like this?" I leaned down and tasted those full, luscious lips. They moved against mine and the kiss lingered and deepened. I felt her tongue touch my lips and I opened them, letting her inside. It felt just like her sister. Our tongues dueled and she put her arms around my neck, pulling me down. I could feel those full breasts crushed against my chest and my cock sprang to life. She felt it and ground her pussy against me, dry humping together.

She broke away with a gasp. "No... I can't, Trace. Please, stop and let me up. I can't. I couldn't do that to Ann."

I looked into those bottomless blue eyes. "Was it like that?" I asked her.

"Yes, it was exactly like that," she whispered. "Please, Trace. Let me up. We can't do this."

I got up and pulled her up, hugging her to me. I wrapped the quilts back around us and we sat back down. "You can hold me," she said. "Just don't try to get me to do anything else, okay?"

"Yes, Sam. I like holding you." I told her. "I would never do anything to you that you didn't want me to."

"I know," she said. "That's the problem. I do want you to, but I can't. It wouldn't be right."

It was getting dark. The snow continued to fall outside and the wind howled. We talked and cuddled until supper. She helped me cook and we hurried back to our blankets with our food. She told me a lot about herself and she was an incredibly complex person. She was as smart as a whip and knew a lot about a lot of things. I had never heard her talk so much in her life. I asked her about Julian.

"Are you in love with him?" I asked her.

"No, I just like having someone to go out with and talk to," she said. "I think he's gay or something. Do you know, he's never made a pass at me? He's never kissed me like you... like you did." She blushed again. "He's a colleague and it's convenient. The kids give me a hard time about him. They think he's stuffy. I guess he is a little stiff," she giggled. "I can't imagine what he would think of me being here with you."

"Are you tired?" I asked her.

"Not really," she said. "Why do you ask?"

"We need to think about where we're going to sleep tonight," I said. "We'll freeze to death in our beds. What do you say we pull a mattress in here in front of the fireplace?"

"I think that sounds like a good idea," she said.

We got out from under the covers and hurried to drag the mattress off my bed and into the living room. She put covers on it while I ran to get pillows. I poured us some bourbon and we jumped in. We lay under the covers and sipped the bourbon and talked. I got up and built up the fire as much as I could. We lay facing one another and talked while the blizzard raged outside. Her eyelids grew heavy and she began to yawn.
