 The party was in full swing when I arrived. I didn't know the hosts, but a buddy from work had invited me. I didn't want to go but he whined around until I finally agreed. This wasn't my crowd. I'm an outdoors kind of guy. Kayaks, mountain bikes, skiing or surfing and I'm down. Beer and crabs and a bonfire on the beach is more my kind of thing. Corporate sharks, the water they swim in and the bait they pursue, not so much. I'm a petroleum engineer and I went to this kind of thing often enough without attending any extra. I would have a couple of drinks and bow out gracefully.

There were a lot of people there, most of them already in an advanced state of inebriation. The house was industrial, lots of steel beams and concrete, and the music was EDM. I hung out with my buddy for a while and he introduced me to a cute little redhead. I thought she was cute until I saw the tattoo. Her top didn't quite meet her skirt, and there was a snake working its way down under the waistband of her skirt on its way somewhere I didn't want to go. That's a huge turn off to me. The idea of a tattoo artist, probably some pink haired freak with a lot of metal in his face, touching a girl in places only a boyfriend should see makes my skin crawl.

I made the excuse that I had to go to the restroom and eased away. I really did need the bathroom, and I made my way up the stairs to find one. I opened a door, and it was a bedroom. Some guy was humping away on some slut. I started to close the door and noticed the belt buckle on his pants on the floor. I knew that belt buckle! This was my brother-in-law! I walked over and took him by the hair. I twisted his head up where he could see me. He gasped and tried to stand up. I held him there and snarled in his face.

"Where is Tabor?"

"Jesus, Chris; she's passed out down the hall. Don't tell her! Please, I'll do anything. I didn't mean... "

"Save it," I cut him off. "I don't give a shit, Preston. I better not see you again tonight. Fuck your slut and don't come home tonight. If you do I'm going to fuck you up."

"Wait, she's passed out, don't go down there," he seemed very nervous."

"You just fuck the slut and don't worry about me."

"I'm drunk," he started to say.

I bitch slapped the taste out of his mouth. "If you speak one more word to me I'm going to beat you unconscious," I snarled.

He didn't say another word. I knew he was afraid of me. Most people are when I get mad. I'm six-foot-six and I weigh two hundred and sixty five pounds. None of it is slack belly, either. I won the class four discus and shot state championships in high school and I was competitive in college, too. I power-lifted four days a week, and I know I can look pretty intimidating. I went to look for Tabor. Why she married that loser I'd never understand. I didn't get her. Put her in a room with a hundred men and she'd pick the worst possible one every time. She was smoking hot and she could have nearly anyone she wanted, but she picks a loser like Preston. I popped open doors down the hall. They were all occupied. I found the restroom after the third door and got that problem fixed. The next door I opened had a party going on inside. There were five guys standing around shucking their dicks. They were waiting their turn with the woman on the bed. A sixth was giving it to her and he was humping away. It was Tabor and she was passed out drunk.

I went to the bed and took that guy by the hair and the back of his pants around his knees. I lifted him off my sister and body pressed him over my head. He screamed and I threw him across the room onto his buddies. They crashed to the floor and scrambled around trying to get up. One of them fancied that he was a kung fu master. He did some fancy hand stuff and screamed, jumping up to kick me in the face. He miscalculated. My arm was longer than his leg and I punched him in the face. I hit him pretty hard and he landed on his head on the floor. That took the wind out of their sails and they scrambled for the door.

I turned to look at Tabor. Her clothes were torn up and her pussy was a mess. I don't know how many guys had been in there. Her ass was gaping and at least one had been in there, too. I threw a blanket over her and went back to find Preston. I met a guy coming down the hall.

"Going somewhere?" I asked him.

"I heard there's a hot chick pulling a train up here," he said. "Her husband gave her away to fuck some guy's wife."

"The train has left the station," I told him. "Get to stepping, buddy."

He looked me up and down and decided discretion was the better part of valor. I went back to where I had found Preston. He was pulling on his pants and his mouth opened. "I swear to God, Chris; she wanted it," he said, and I hit him. I heard his jaw break and the slut on the bed screamed.

"I think he needs to go to the hospital," I told her. "He fell down the stairs. What happened to him?"

"He fell down the stairs," she said.

"Good girl." I congratulated her.

I went back down the hall and wrapped the blanket around Tabor. I put her over my shoulder and carried her downstairs and out the door. She puked about halfway to the truck and I held her head until she was done heaving. This wasn't the first time I held her head while she puked. I told myself I should just take her back inside and leave her, but I couldn't. I loved my big sister. I always had and even though she was a stupid bitch, I couldn't find the resolve to wash my hands of her.

I put her in the truck and drove to her house. I rang the bell and waited. It was late and I figured Stevie was in bed.

After a minute I heard the cover on the peephole slide and she opened the door. Stevie is my niece. She's the sweetest girl I know. 

"Hi, Uncle Chris," she hugged me.

"Hi, kid," I squeezed her.

"Is Mom okay?" she asked, peering around me to the truck.

"No, Baby, she's drunk as hell, some men had sex with her while she was passed out and I broke your Dad's jaw."

She took it calmly. "What are you going to do?"

"I'm going to take her home with me and clean her up," I told her. "You're coming, too. Pack your suitcase for a long stay and then help me get some things for Tabor."

"Jesus Christ," she fumed. "Why do I have such fucked up parents? I had just fallen asleep!"

"I don't like you to swear," I told her. "I'm sorry, honey, but you can't stay here. Your Dad isn't going to be home for a while. I think he needed to go to the hospital and I'm afraid Tabor will vomit and aspirate it if I leave her. I'm sure as hell not staying here, so you have to come to my house."

"I would like to come to your house and stay there for the rest of my life," she said.

"We'll see," I told her. "You can stay for a while, anyway."

I think she spent more time at my house than hers, anyway. She got suitcases out of the hall closet and gave me one. She went off to her room and I went to Tabor's. I emptied her underwear drawer into it, got her half a dozen pairs of jeans and a bunch of t-shirts. Stevie came in and she put socks and sneakers in and we got her personal stuff out of the bathroom. I carried the suitcases to the truck and Stevie came out carrying her laptop and her electronics.

I drove to my house and pulled into the garage. Stevie carried the stuff in and put it in the spare bedrooms while I carried Tabor in and put her on the sofa. I went to my bathroom and ran the tub full of water and bubble bath. Stevie came in and told me she was very tired. I kissed her and she went off to bed. When she closed the door I started undressing Tabor. Her dress was ruined and so was her bra. She was missing her panties and I just picked her up and carried her to the tub. She was semi-conscious, by then and I lowered her into the water. She murmured a protest about it being too hot, but I ignored her.

"Going to be sick," she mumbled. I jumped up and got a basin out from under the sink just in time. She puked her guts up while I held her head. I laid her back in the water and went and dumped the basin in the toilet. I flushed it and rinsed it out. When I had it clean I went back to the tub and began to wash Tabor. There was dried cum in her hair and on her face. Her left nipple was cut and she had bruises already beginning to show on both boobs. I washed her until her skin glowed and went to get a towel off the rack. She was a little more aware when I drained the tub and picked her up. I made her stand up while I dried her. She was very wobbly and braced herself against me. When I had her dry I carried her into the bedroom and put her in bed. I showered and went and got in with her. I was afraid she would puke again so I took the basin. She stirred when I got in and her eyes opened. They were unfocused and it took her a minute.

"Christopher?" she mumbled. "What are you doing here? How... what happened... where am I?"

"You're at my house," I told her. "I found you at a party passed out in a bedroom. Your charming and gracious husband traded you for some guy's wife. There were six guys in the room fucking you when I found you. You're a mess and you're going to feel like hell tomorrow."

She started to cry. It got worse and worse. Great wracking sobs shook her body and she was shaking and trembling. It was breaking my heart and I pulled her over against me and held her.

"It's over now, Tab. I've got you. You're safe now. It's over."

I petted her and stroked her until she stopped shaking. "It's going to be okay, Tab," I told her over and over. "You just need to sleep. It's going to be okay."

She sobbed herself to sleep and I just held her. Her naked body felt soft and sleek against me and I rebuked myself for unrighteous thoughts. She had been through enough trauma without me perving on her. I just held her, and eventually I drifted off.

I got up at eight, and Stevie was sitting in the kitchen eating a bowl of cereal. She's a slender girl, tall and as cute as a month-old kitten. She has this long, coal black hair and creamy skin. He hair is down past her butt; heavy and wavy and I love to brush it. It's the silkiest thing I've ever touched. She has big blue eyes that form a stark contrast to the color of her hair.

"Good morning, sunshine," I told her.

"Morning, Uncle Chris," she said. "Is Mom okay?"

"No, honey; she's a long way from okay. I still don't know what happened. I think your Dad traded her for a shot at some guy's skanky wife. She's going to be pretty messed up for a while. Has she been drinking a lot?"

"No, she hasn't. She's been really good for a couple of years. I haven't seen her drunk in a long time. She must have fallen off the wagon."

"I don't know," I said. "I really didn't smell alcohol on her last night. Maybe she smelled too much like puke. What do you need me to do for you today?"

"Nothing, really," she said. "I need to go to the store sometime before bed tonight."

"Out of something?" I asked her.

"No, you are," she said. "Axe shower gel doesn't suit me. It smells good on you, but not on me."

I laughed and cooked breakfast. She ate some bacon and eggs, even after having already eaten cereal. I kidded her a little. "You stay with me and I'll have you fat as a toad in a week," I told her.

She laughed and I loved that sound. "I eat like a pig and still never gain any weight," she said. "I even want to be a little heavier."

"Why in the world would you want that?" I asked her.

"I think it would make me have bigger boobs," she said.

I looked at her little cupcakes. "Yours are perfect on you," I told her. "Likely they'll grow a lot anyway, if you take after Tabor. Do you want to go work out with me? I've got big boobs. Look what they can do."

I flexed my pecs and made them dance. She nearly fell off of her stool laughing. "That would be quite a trick for a girl," she said. "I'd love to go. I'll go get dressed."

She came out in board shorts and a little black sports bra type thing. She was carrying a light jacket to go over it and I checked on Tabor before we left. She was still sleeping, so we went to the gym. We sweated on the ellipticals for thirty minutes and I put her on the bench next to mine. She was very strong for an eighteen year old. She was doing sets with one hundred and ten pounds. She knew her max on all the lifts. I was very surprised.

"Mom and I have been lifting together for over a year," she said. "Since she's been sober we go Monday through Thursday, religiously."

Gino came in while we were lifting. He was a cop I saw there all the time. He was a strong guy. I knew he juiced, but I lifted with him sometimes. I was still stronger than he was, especially on everything besides bench. He skipped leg day a lot and it showed. He was built a little like a pigeon: big chest and skinny legs.

"Hey, bro; who's your new girlfriend?" he asked.

Stevie smiled. "He's too young for me," she told him. "I've put him in the friend zone."

He chuckled. "This is my niece, Stevie," I told him. "Stevie, this is Gino. He's a policeman. Don't hit on her, Gino; she's too old for you."

He laughed again. "You from around here, Stevie?"

"Boca Raton," she told him. "I'm staying with Uncle Chris for a while."

"I need some professional help," I told him. "What would you call six guys screwing a woman passed out at a party?"

"I'd call it rape," he said.

"What if her husband traded her for a shot at another guy's wife?"

"Then he's an accessory to rape. You haven't been banging passed out women, have you Chris?"

"No, but that's what happened to my sister last night."

"Is she going to press charges?"

"I don't know, she wasn't awake when we left. If she wanted to, what would we do?"

"Take her to the hospital, do a rape profile and get a blood test to check for drugs and alcohol."

"Thanks, Gino."

"Let me know if I can help. Sorry kid. If Chris isn't around and you want to work out, you give me a call. Hey, you like basketball? I've got two Heat tickets."

"I don't know," she looked dubious.

"Hey, not with me," he said. "I was going to give them to Chris." He realized his mistake. "Not that I wouldn't take you, I mean... "

"You should stop talking now," I told him.

"Yeah, but if you two want to go... "

"I'd love to go," she said. "Thanks, Gino. I'll work out with you sometime, too. Can we go, Uncle Chris?"

"Sure, honey," I told her. "Thanks Gino."

"Yeet!" She pumped her fist. I had no idea what that meant, but it sounded like something good. She went away to get a drink. 

"Jesus Christ," Gino said. "That is one hell of a cute girl. In five years she's going to be the most beautiful woman in every room she's in."

"I know, right? Her mother's like that now at thirty-four. You're a married man, Gino."

"Yeah, but I still dream. You need a spot with that?"

We finished our workout and I took Stevie to Fuddruckers for a burger. We tried the new bison chipotle one, and she thought it was delicious. She didn't much care for the idea of eating a buffalo, but the taste was wonderful. I took her to Bed, Bath and Beyond, and she got some nice smelling soap and lotion. She remembered shampoo at the last minute and ran and got that, too.

On the way home she scooted over against me and I put my arm around her and gave her a squeeze. "I love you," she told me and I nearly choked on my coke.

"Yeah, me too, kid," I told her.

When we got home, Tabor was still asleep. I made coffee for when she woke up, and we watched Parks and Recreation on Netflix. I hated the woman main character but Ron Swanson and the really dark depressed chick were very funny. Pretty soon we heard the sound of retching from the bedroom. I told Stevie to go to her room or stay there and watch TV for a while. I went into the bedroom and Tabor had found the basin and was dry heaving over it. I got a cool washcloth and washed her face with it. I got in bed with her and leaned back against the headboard. I pulled her against my chest and petted her head. She was shaking.

"What's wrong with me," she asked. "I feel like I have the flu."

"You had too much to drink last night," I told her.

"I didn't have anything to drink," she said. "I'm taking Antabuse."

"Is that the stuff that makes you vomit if you drink?"

"Yes, I haven't touched alcohol in two years."

"Well, you did last night. That's why you're sick."

"I swear to God, I had a club soda," she said. "Preston got it for me. That's all I drank."

She shifted around and winced. "Damn, I'm sore as hell, Christopher. Did you fuck me? I feel like somebody fucked my ass, too. God, I hurt so bad."

"I'll give you a Percodan as soon as I think you can keep it down. What do you remember, Tab?"

"I remember going to a party with the Andersons. I danced with Preston and he got me a soda. I started feeling dizzy and he took me to lie down in a bedroom. Then I woke up sick here. How did I get here?"

We were going through it again. "Hold on to me, sis," I told her. "I need to tell you something you aren't going to like."

She scooted over next to me, wincing again and I pulled her up close. "What?" she asked.

"I went to that party last night. I had no idea you were there and I was looking for a restroom. What does Mrs. Anderson look like?"

"She's a bottle blonde with big tits and a fat ass," she said.

"I opened a door to see if it was the restroom and Preston was in there fucking Mrs. Anderson. I made him tell me where you were. He said you were passed out down the hall. He didn't want me to tell you he was cheating on you. He didn't want me to go find you, either. I found you three doors down. There were six guys in there with you. One of them must have been Anderson. I don't know how many times they fucked you. You had cum all over you and at least one of them had fucked you in the ass. I beat the shit out of them and covered you up. On the way down the hall I met a guy coming to join your party. He told me Preston had traded you to Anderson for a shot at his wife. I went and beat the shit out of Preston. I broke his jaw, Tab. I brought you home and cleaned you up. I thought you were drunk. Are you sure you didn't have any alcohol?"

"I'm telling you I had a club soda," she cried hysterically. "Where's Stevie?"

"She's here. I think we should take you to the hospital, Tab. I'd like to get your blood tested for drugs. I also think you should get tested for STDs."

"I didn't take any drugs, either," she wept. "Why won't you believe me?"

"Tabor, you've used drugs and alcohol for as long as I can remember, You've fucked up so many things I can't begin to count them, but that isn't what I was talking about. I think you may have been given drugs to knock you out so Preston could make that trade. Would you have done it otherwise?"

"No, I wouldn't. I know you think I'm an idiot and a slut. Why are you being so mean to me?"

"I'm sick of pulling you out of jams, Tab. I love you but I'm tired of you. I'm tired of having a fuck up for a sister."

"They raped me!" she yelled. "I'm clean! I haven't used drugs and alcohol for a long time. I can't believe you're treating me like this after I've tried so hard to get sober."

I felt like a heel. She'd just been through a very traumatic experience.

"I'm sorry, Tab. I shouldn't be beating you up."

"I'm not taking birth control," she sobbed. "I may be pregnant!"

"We'll get you a pill," I told her. "I think we need to know if you were given something like GHB or Rohypnol."

"What are those?" she asked, sobbing hysterically.

"Date rape drugs."

"Who would do that to me?"

"I think it was Preston," I told her. "I think he gave it to you in the club soda. Think about it, Tab. You're the hottest babe in any room you're in. People are always hitting on you. Here's what I think happened. Anderson wants to fuck you. He approaches Preston about it, offering to trade his wife. He'll let Preston fuck her if Preston will let him fuck you. Preston knows you'll never go for that deal, but he does want to fuck Mrs. Anderson. He gives you drugs and makes the deal. Anyone that wants to can fuck you. You'll never know. Every man at that party probably wanted a piece of you. That's what I think happened."
