 My mom was always the source of my fantasies. It was easy to see why, that is, if you were looking. She looked almost exactly like Kay Parker in Taboo. Her hair was shorter, but that's the only real difference. Naturally I was a big fan of both women, but I only had a chance with one of them. 

I took the chance with Mom when I had it, and it turned out great. We'd gotten together, and that led to me taking on my sister's and even a neighbor. But that's another bunch of stories. 

Mom and I hadn't been together in a while. Naturally I missed the fun, but I managed. She always seemed to pull back whenever things got close to getting physical. That was frustrating, but I had to live with it. 

One night we'd been watching TV. Finally after another forgettable show, Mom said,

"My God. This is so boring."

"I completely agree Mom. I can think of something a bit more... interesting though."

"What's that?"

She looked at me and saw me raise eyebrow. 

"No. That's not going to happen. I'm your Mother for God's sake."

"Well Mom, it didn't seem to make a difference when we were watching your copy of Taboo now did it?"

She blushed at the memory. 

"No, but that's different. Besides, I wasn't talking about that. I was talking about being bored. It seems like we're always doing the same thing. Work, sleep, repeat."

"So what do you want?"

She shook get head. 

"I don't even really know. Something different. Something more exciting."

"Something you don't usually do, right?"

"Exactly! Something like that."

"I've got an idea. Meet me at the pool in ten minutes. But don't wear your usual suit. Wear that really skimpy bikini you wear when you're tanning."

She looked puzzled, but said,

"Ok."

Ten minutes later she walked into the pool area. She was wearing her robe over her suit, but from the way her body jiggled as she walked, I knew she was wearing her bikini. She noticed the pool area looked a little different. 

"Why is it so dark in here?"

The simple answer was I'd turned out all of the lights. None were on in the pool, and the big light that kept the entire yard illuminated at night was off too. You could see the stars outside, and the firefly's too. 

"That's all part of the plan Mom. We're going to swim, but your going to have to use your imagination a little too make this different and more exciting."

"I think I can do that."

She got out of her robe then, and there was that bikini. It was the smallest thing I'd ever seen her wear. It barely covered anything, and it looked amazing on her. 

She waded into the water, which disappointed me. I wanted to see if that top would stay on when she dove, but no such luck. I went over, got her a drink, and handed it to her. Then I made a show of getting ready to swim with her. 

Her eyes opened wide when I stripped off my shorts. Then she laughed; I was wearing a suit under them. Then she took a second look. I was wearing my old Speedo from high school. It didn't hide anything, and my cock was on display. Still, she took a drink and didn't say anything. So I dove in, joining her in the pool. 

We paddled around for a while, enjoying the dark and the warm water of the pool. Finally Mom said,

"This is wonderful. But when does the imagination part come into play?"

That was my cue, and I said,

"Right now Mom. Come over here."

She came over to the edge of the pool, and leaned on it. We were facing the big glass windows then, and I went on. 

"So here's the imagination part. As you can see, it's dark out there. So dark you couldn't see anytime who'd be out there."

"And what would they be doing?"

"Well, that depends. If it's guys, they'd be looking at you in that amazing bikini, and hoping to see more. If it's girls, I'm sure they'd be checking you out, but they'd be looking at me too in this old suit."

"I noticed that when you got in by the way."

"Why Mommy, were you checking out your little boy?"

Both of us laughed at that, and she said,

"Come on. I'd have to be blind not to considering that suit you're wearing."

"You're right. And believe me, I wasn't complaining when did."

She gave me a little sideways glance at that, but she went on. 

"So what am I imagining?"

"That depends. First of all, would you want your unseen watchers to be guys or girls?"

"Is there a difference?"

"Yes. The guys could care less about me being here. The girls would want both of us here."

Mom liked girls almost as much as she liked guys. She thought a minute, then said,

"Girls then. It sounds like there are more possibilities with girls watching."

"You're absolutely right. So there first thing you'd do to tease those girls would be to stand up, so they can see your dripping wet body barely covered by that bikini."

She did exactly that, and I managed to catch the string tied behind her back, so her top untied. She felt it too late, but she managed to grab it and hold it in place. 

"What the hell are you doing?"

"Just giving the girls a show. I think the girls would love to see the girls."

And I nodded to her chest. 38DD, and still magnificent. She looked at me for a minute, then said,

"You're probably right."

She took her hands away then, and those nipples were barely covered. They were nice and hard too. She was getting into this. 

"So what would I do then?"

"Show them everything. Take off that top."

Looking out the window, she slowly did. I saw those beauties for the first time in quite a while. 

"So now what would I do?"

"With it being girls out there, they'd be loving those fantastic tits. But they'd be wondering; how did the sight of them affect the guy with you. So I'd have to stand up too."

I did just that, exposing my rock hard 8" cock. It couldn't be hidden by my Speedo, and Mom saw it too. I saw her eyes widen a bit at the sight. 

"So what do you think they'd want to see next?"

"That's an easy one Mom."

I reached down then, and slipped off my Speedo. Mom's eyes really got wide when I did that. She'd seen it before. She'd tasted it and fucked it before, but she never seemed to get tired of seeing a nice hard cock. 

"Don't you think the girls watching would be freaked out by a Mom looking at her son's hard cock?"

"No Mom, actually I don't. How would they know? I think they'd be wondering what you were going to do with your boy toy."

I sat down on the edge of the pool then, giving her a hint as to what I wanted. She caught the hint, and moved over to where I was. 

Her tits were wet and slippery, and to my surprise she started things off that way. I'd always wanted to fuck Mom's tits. I'd had them in my hands and under my tongue before, but this was new. Just watching my cock slide up and down between those fantastic tits was amazing. I made a mental note then; cum on Mom's tits soon. Mom smiled at me and said,

"So does my boy toy enjoy this?"

"More than you could know. But there's something else he'd like. Lean in a bit closer."

She did, and was surprised to feel my left hand wrap itself in her hair. I'd rarely done there whole Dom thing with Mom, but tonight was different. She looked up at me, searching for a clue as to what I wanted. I didn't bother with clues, I told her,

"Swallow that hard cock. Or do you prefer suck your son's hard cock?"

She didn't answer that, she just leaned over and swallowed my cock. The dim light in the pool area was perfect for watching her give head. I could see her swallow my length, then slowly slide back up savoring the size and taste. I couldn't resist playing with her while she performed, so my free hand went to her tits, and I started teasing her nipples. She loved that, and moaned around the cock in her mouth. 

I sat there fucking her mouth until I got close. Then I asked,

"Does my slut Mommy want a mouthful of her son's cum?"

She nodded and swallowed me deep. It only took two or three more strokes, and I shot my load. The first shot went down her throat, then she backed off, catching the rest in her mouth. I pumped her mouth full, and when she felt my spasms subside, she backed off and looked at me. She opened her mouth then, and I saw it full of creamy cum. 

"Swallow it all slut."

She did just that, be gulping it down then opening her mouth again to show me it was all gone. 

"That's a good girl. Now, sit your ass up here."

She sat up on the edge of the pool, and I slowly slid her bikini bottoms off. Then I very slowly spread those long legs, and moved forward. 

Her tits hit my chest at about the same time my cock touched that hot wet pussy. Her arms went around my neck, and those fantastic nipples were pressing against me as I slowly slid into her. She moaned as I bottomed out in her pussy, then we started fucking in earnest. At least for a minute. 

I decided to tease her then, and I slowed down. She looked puzzled when I did that, and finally I said,

"Tell me what you want."

"Are you kidding?"

"Not at all. I wasn't to hear those words come out of your mouth."

I heard her mumble, and asked,

"What did you say?"

At the same time, I flexed my hips, filling her with cock again. That did the trick. 

"I said fuck me."

"Very nice. And almost right too. You know what I want to hear."

It took three or four hard strokes for the words to come.

"Fuck me. Fuck your Mother."

That's what I wanted to hear, and I did just that slamming into her again and again. 

" Oh fuck yes. Just like that. Fuck Mommy!"

We fucked hard and fast as she kept it up, telling me to fuck my Mommy. Finally I said,

"Does Mommy want my cum?"

"Oh yes!"

"Where do you want it Mommy?"

"Inside me. Cum in Mommy's pussy!"

I did just that, shooting deep inside her clenching pussy. She came all over my cock as I filled her up. 

Finally, we slipped apart. She looked at me and said,

"That was exciting. Thank you."

"The nights not over yet Mom. Look at the window."

She turned and looked, and a look of shock went across her face. 

There stood our neighbor Terry. She and Mom were occasional lovers, and I'd had her too. What shocked Mom was the fact that Terry was standing there watching everything. And her sister was with her. When Mom looked, she saw Terry's sister naked in her knees eating Terry's pussy. 

I walked over to the door to let them in. Try looked at me, and I said,

"She's all yours now. And she's got a pussy full of cum, just for you. Have fun!"

I turned then and picked up my clothes. As I walked back in the house, I saw Mom on her back with Terry's face buried between her thighs. Terry's sister was just kneeling over Mom's face. As I watched, Mom grabbed her ass and I knew her tongue was tasting her for the first time. 

I went back in and let them enjoy, knowing there'd be more times for all of us.