 The Police Department

Detective Rachel Taylor was thrilled that her son was officially joining the police department as a new officer. 

But when she heard a bit of shocking news from the Vice Division's secretary, that excitement dimmed. What was supposed to be a casual lunch in the office soon became a source of distress.

"It's a guy thing," Penny stated. "The male cops always do this with the new male officers. I usually keep quiet about their perverted tradition, but since James is your son, I thought you should know."

"Are you referring to the initiation?"

"Yep."

Most women in the department were smart enough to stay away from the male rites of passage. Thanks to advice from her father long ago, Rachel had long steered clear of that business.

"What exactly are they planning?" Rachel inquired further. 

"Promise you won't go ballistic?"

"I promise I'll try to contain myself."

Penny shrugged. "You know the male cops take the male rookies to a bar and get them shit faced on beer and whiskey, right?"

"Everyone knows that. Is there anything worse?"

"Did you know they hire a working girl for the rookies?"

Rachel raised an eyebrow. "A prostitute?"

"It could be a prostitute or a stripper. The point is, James is going to be tied and blindfolded in the backroom, while given an epic blowjob."

Lewd and lascivious thoughts ran through Rachel's mind. Picturing her son in the backroom of a sports bar, tied up and blindfolded, made her heart race.

James was a fine young man and Rachel only wanted the best for him. Good looking, intelligent and funny, his future was bright. The idea of some random hooker sucking him off drove Rachel crazy. What if someone took a picture of him while he was being serviced? What if he got a disease? This dumb stunt could ruin his future!

Breaking up prostitution rings was the cornerstone of her career as a Vice detective. Now she had to worry about her son being involved with this sort of thing?

"Fucking assholes," Rachel fumed with clenched fists.

"You've got to admit," Penny shrugged, "It's quite a welcome."

"It's also illegal. And it's especially outrageous since the purpose of our department is to stop these sorts of activities. You realize that, right?"

Penny smiled faintly. "Can I give you some advice?"

"I'm listening."

"You have to let James be one of the guys. These men need to bond because they watch each other's backs on the streets. I only gave you this notice as a courtesy, since I know how protective you are for your son. But it's not a good idea to make waves. I suggest you look the other way."

"I really appreciate it," Rachel said. "But I can't just let it slide."

"It's only a blowjob."

"From a hooker," Rachel pointed out. "I can't condone this. Frankly, it's disgusting. I mean... a prostitute? Do they at least use condoms?"

"You think the guys go to all this trouble to use rubber? Last year, 'the special lady' blew three rookie officers in a row. No one complained. Men love having their dicks sucked more than they love cleanliness. Fact."

Rachel sighed. "Okay, that's absolutely vile. It makes me nauseous to think of my son's private area between the lips of a hooker. He's a good boy."

"He's not a boy anymore. He's a man."

Rachel sighed even deeper. "I know."

"Remember, the last thing James needs are enemies on the police force. He's a rookie. He needs to join the club like every other guy."

Rachel thought for a long moment. "Thank you for telling me. It's better that I find out this way than hearing about it afterward. I guess I have to let men be men. I certainly don't want James to be an outcast because of me."

"That's a wise decision. Hey, at the very least, you're welcome to come to the bar and join the party."

"It's open to everyone in the department?" Rachel asked, eyes wide.

"Yeah, sure. The Sergeant and the bar owner are good friends. All the bj action happens in the backroom, later at night. You can swing by and make sure everything is safe if that makes you feel better."

"By any chance, do you happen to know who the woman is? Or how I can contact her?"

Penny's mood shifted and her eyes drifted down to the detective's gun, holstered around her hip.

"You're not going to do anything drastic, are you?" Penny asked, slightly concerned.

Rachel managed to giggle. "Penny, I won't threaten to shoot anyone. Tempting as it may be, it's not worth the legal problems."

"So you're just going to talk, right?"

"A woman to woman chat, that's all. I'd like to make sure she's clean. That might make me feel a little better."

Penny slowly nodded. "That makes sense. If this were happening to my son, I'd probably wash the hooker's mouth before the blowjob."

"Oh Jesus."

"Only a joke," Penny smiled. "I don't know the woman's information, but I can probably get it for you."

Rachel's eyes narrowed. "How are you able to get that information? Are you part of this group, or sleeping with someone?"

Penny blushed. "The Sergeant."

"Figures. No offense."

"No offense taken. Do you want me to set up a meeting with the woman before the big night? Or do you just want her contact info?"

Rachel grinned. "You know how I like to work. Just give me her contact info, as soon as possible."

Despite her busy workload, she would always find time to look out for her son's best interests.

The Strip Club

It was the night before the big event and Rachel paid a visit to one of the city's premier strip clubs. 

After flashing her badge, Rachel was shown to a private room. She spent several minutes questioning a gorgeous Latina woman who looked like the walking embodiment of sex appeal.

"I usually do a couple of guys," Maritza confessed right away. "Tomorrow, there's only one guy I need to blow."

"What else can you tell me? Do you happen to know the rookie by any chance?"

The stripper seemed to wilt under Rachel's sharp gaze. 

"You promise I won't be arrested?" Maritza inquired for the third time, on the verge of tears. "I'm only trying to pay my bills like everyone else."

It pained Rachel to say this: "No, I'm not arresting you. You're fine."

In a flash, Maritza's fake tears disappeared. "Thank God. Honestly, I don't know anything about the guy, except that he's a 25 year old white dude. I'm supposed to make him cum, hard."

Rachel cringed. "Condom?"

"Not a chance," Maritza giggled.

"Are you clean? Do you get tested regularly?"

"Yeah, I get tested and I'm clean, at least I was a month ago. I only do this sort of thing with cops. They're generally disease free."

Rachel sighed. "Well, you can never be too careful."

"Holy shit," Maritza said softly, as a wry grin formed on her face. "You're the mom, aren't you? I've met plenty of angry moms before."

Rachel huffed. "Look, I'll owe you a favor if you help me out. All you need to do is give a half-assed blowjob. That way, he won't be tempted to use your services ever again."

"Are you nuts? If I don't live up to my reputation, these cops won't hire me again. I have bills to pay. It's that simple."

"I get it, but it's not right doing this with rookie cops."

Maritza rolled her eyes, "If you think I'm such a dirty slut, why don't YOU blow him? He's blindfolded. Just make him cum and then leave."

Clenching her fists, Rachel struggled to control herself while being made fun of by a stripper. 

"You've got a smart mouth," Rachel managed to reply in a calm voice. "It could get you into a lot of trouble."

Maritza quipped, "Actually, my mouth is pretty popular with cops."

Looking at the woman who would sexually service her son, Rachel focused on the stripper's plump lips. She pictured Maritza on her knees with her face in James's crotch. The image of her head bobbing up and down on his young cock was surreal.

It wasn't just the idea of James potentially getting exposed to sexually transmitted diseases that bothered Rachel. What if James became addicted to getting blowjobs from strippers? All of his previous girlfriends had been good girls. Surely, their blowjobs wouldn't come close to one from Maritza. Those lips are dangerous!

There was a real possibility that James would find Maritza's blowjob so amazing he would continue to seek out 'working girls.' Rachel had heard stories like this from hundreds of men over the course of her career. What starts as a one-time event snares men into a never ending cycle of sex-for-money. 

This could ruin James's future!

Maritza continued, "I'm serious. Tomorrow night, you can take my place. No one will ever know. As long as I get paid, I'll keep this a secret. There's a back entrance you could sneak through and I'll let you in the room."

Rachel was immediately suspicious. "Why are you offering this?"

Maritza smiled. "I think it's super fucking hot. Call it a fantasy."

"That's disgusting," Rachel grimaced. 

"What? You've never read Literotica Taboo in your free time?"

"I read crime reports and documents all day," Rachel scoffed.

"You should try reading HeyAll and SueDanym sometime. Their stories always make me horny. Think about laying in bed, reading a sexy story and sticking your fingers in that tight pussy of yours. I bet down deep, you're a freak in bed."

"I'm not here to talk about my sex life."

Laughing, Maritza ran a finger down the detective's cheek. "Or lack thereof..."

"This is getting off-topic. Will you help me, or not? Give a mediocre blowjob, and I'll owe you a favor. Last chance. Do we have a deal?"

"You sound like a classic overprotective mother," Maritza said. "It's obvious that the thought of your son's perfect cock is fucking you up, royally. Seriously, I'm trying to help. I already offered to let YOU suck him off and you refused. So, do you want to sit in the corner and watch me instead?" 

Rachel was horrified. "Watch? As you give my son a blowjob? Are you out of your mind?"

"It's another option. Come on, I know you're horny for it. If you decide you want a taste, I'll let you lick a little. It can be our dirty secret."

"I'll think about it--- watching, that is. It might be a good idea to, you know, keep a watchful eye on the things."

Rachel maintained her poker face, but felt her body betraying her. The idea of watching her son receive oral satisfaction was something she had never, ever considered. Why, she wondered, was her pussy getting wet? How could such a deviant act affect her so strongly?

Reaching inside of her purse, Maritza took out a six-inch dildo, shaped like a man's penis.

"I use this little guy for my shows," Maritza said, twirling it around. "Would you like me to demonstrate a few of my tricks, so you can get an idea of what to expect?"

Rachel mockingly threw her hands up and huffed. "Why not? I might as well see what all the fuss is about."

In her element, Maritza began the tutorial. "My secret to a good blowie is that I can suck a golf ball through a hose. Beyond that, look at my lips. They're perfect cushions. When guys see these lips drag up and down their shafts, the sight alone makes them want to cum. And I've trained my throat to take customers deeply. My gag reflex is legendary. I'm also generous with my tongue swirls on the sensitive underside of the head. Hand motion is critical. I like to rotate my hands at the base while sucking and swirling at the same time. It's sensory overload for guys."

"Is there a reason you're telling me all this?" Rachel asked, hiding the fact that she was getting progressively wetter as she pictured the stripper with a mouth full of cock.

Maritza grinned. "Because, explaining this to an attractive police detective, whose son I'm about to blow, is pretty fucking kinky."

While looking in each other's eyes, Rachel was mesmerized when the stripper put the entire length of the dildo down her throat. It was like a perverted magic trick.

Moving the dildo in and out of her mouth, the stripper added suction and seemed to undulate her lips along the silicone rod. Rachel knew her son would absolutely be at the mercy of this seasoned sexual professional.

Neither of them broke eye contact as Maritza showed off her pornstar quality blowjob. Rachel knew this was a taunt. She was now being challenged, both as a police detective and as a mother.

Rachel wondered why it was making her pussy so wet. 

Bedroom Closet

It was 7 pm on the big night and Rachel spent a few minutes reviewing her statement for a court appearance next week. The party was set to begin at about 9:30, so she had some spare time on her hands. Try as she might, it was impossible to forget Maritza's words. 

In between work, she had flipped through Literotica's Taboo section and skimmed its content. It was enticing, even though the content was inappropriate. It also made her deeply aroused. 

Maybe the stripper was right. Maybe the best answer would be to take matters into her own hands. Her son would still be 'initiated' with the men of the police department and James would never know the difference. 

Or maybe she could provide herself as a viable alternative somehow? 

As the clock ticked, Rachel had to act fast. Sitting around wouldn't solve a thing, so she called her son from down the hall in an attempt at exploring potential counter-offers.

"Yes?" he asked.

James was in a plain tshirt and he wore his dress pants, as he was preparing for the big occasion with his new colleagues.

The moment of truth came when they both stood in front of her open closet.

"I need a small favor," Rachel asked. "I haven't been to the bar in forever. I don't know what to wear. Can you help me pick something out?"

James almost laughed. "Sure, no problem."

"Most of my clothes are for work. Any suggestions?"

James spoke up immediately, "Hmmm... Well, remember when you went to Aunt Kathleen's bachelorette party last year and bought that slinky black dress? It would be perfect for tonight."

The fact that her son remembered a dress she wore a year ago was certainly promising. Rachel decided to collect more evidence.

"That dress is a kind of revealing, don't you think? My colleagues might think I'm having a mid-life crisis." 

He laughed, "Or they'll think you're a hot detective."

A hot detective? Rachel was definitely headed on the right track with this potentially new plan.

"Very funny, mister."

"You're in great shape," he replied. "There's nothing wrong with a woman wearing a tight dress on a night out. It's a sports bar."

Rachel still felt a bit uncomfortable about wearing the dress in question. It was low cut on top and short on the bottom. She only wore it last year because her sister insisted. Wearing such seductive clothes around other detectives and police officers would be totally embarrassing. 

But if it helped give James a viable alternative when the time came, then it would be worth it.

"Okay, honey," Rachel agreed. "I'll wear it. But I need your approval first before any final decisions are made. Will you turn around really quick?"

"Sure."

Rachel rummaged to the back of her closet and found the dress as her son faced the other direction. She quickly stripped off her clothes and tossed them on the bed. Then she wore the dress over her bra and panties. After a quick adjustment, she was done.

"Okay, I'm ready," she said, standing nervous before her son.

James turned and looked at her, this time with hungry eyes. Yes, Rachel still had the ability to attract younger men. And yes, her son definitely looked like he appreciated fit, older women. 

"Stellar," he replied, eyes looking up and down.

"As good as any woman at the bar?" she asked with an eyebrow raised.

"Yes, of course, why?"

"I want you to be happy and safe. You'll be a cop soon, and cops have to do the right thing."

He looked confused. "Of course. That's the job."

"Promise?"

"Mom, trust me, if someone's passing around cocaine at the bar, I'll have them arrested immediately."

There was a playful smile at the end of his words, and Rachel wondered if she could ever bring herself to make the counter-offer. As her handsome son left to his room, she was almost certain that she had given him a semi-erection.

The Sports Bar

The sports bar was loud and rowdy on Saturday nights. Rachel felt practically naked as she made her way through the crowd of her peers. Most of the men did a double-take as she walked by, having never seen her dressed this way before. 

As expected, her son was the center of attention and the male cops had a great time supplying him with drinks. Rachel sat in a booth with Penny and a few other women who worked in the department.

Everyone around her seemed to enjoy the celebratory atmosphere. They all relished having time to unwind together, given their stressful line of work. But all Rachel could think about was her son's cock.

She had spent the past 24 hours wondering if she could (or should) be the one to satisfy her son. It was certainly cleaner and safer than letting Maritza do it.

When a few of the senior cops went to get more drinks, Rachel saw her opening. She excused herself from the group and made her way towards her son, who was now sitting alone at the end of a large table.

She sat next to James with her drink in hand. It dawned on her that this was the first time they had ever been out drinking together and she couldn't help but feel like an awful mother. But she had to accept that James was an adult.

"Having a good time?" she asked, trying to keep cool.

"The best. These guys are great. I was nervous about being the rookie, but they're making me feel right at home."

Rachel took a big drink from her mug. "I just want to say that I'm very, very proud of you. You're a fine young man and you'll make an amazing police officer. I have no doubt that you'll climb the ranks of this department. Remember, I've raised you to uphold certain standards. Don't give into peer pressure. It's not worth it. Please, promise me that you'll always be your own man."

"Mom, are you drunk?" James questioned, amused by her dramatic speech.

"A little bit. Isn't that the point of this party? Look, if you want to go home... I'll take you home... and..."

The words were nearly spilling out of Rachel's mouth, but she wasn't quite able to articulate her shockingly dirty thoughts.

Just the night before, she had been in bed masturbating while thinking about this strange scenario. If she offered her son sexual favors, maybe he would decline the initiation.

Yes, it was extreme, but she was certain it could work. Putting her hand on her son's thigh, she felt him stiffen. As James looked at her with a shocked expression, she wondered if he had an erection.

"What are you doing?" he asked.

"Let's go home. I mean it. Whatever you want, I'll give it to you... my treat. I'm giving you a reward for being a good boy. But we have to go right now or else the deal's off."

Just as her son was about to answer, the Sergeant returned with a round of shots.

"Detective Taylor," the Sergeant said with a broad smile and his booming deep voice. "We're getting acquainted with your son. He's a hell of a guy. Now if you'll excuse us, he's urgently needed in the backroom. Official police duties."

Two other guys flanked the Sergeant and they all carried shots. One was handed to James and they all downed their drinks.

"I'll be right back," James blushed, as the group of men cheered and pulled him away.

Rachel forced a smile. "See you soon."

The guys were all headed to the backroom and Rachel felt like she might explode. This was her son! He was supposed to be a good cop, not someone who did stupid things as part of an initiation.

Rachel made a snap decision. Standing up, she finished off her drink and made a silent escape.

The Backroom Meeting
