 A few years ago I stepped away from a very good job with a Fortune 50 company. I opened my own business and grew it to about fifty employees. One of my marketing employees, Anne, had a party at her home for the fourth of July. 

"You have a beautiful home Anne." I said as I stepped into her home. 

"Thank you, I'm glad you could make it." Anne replied. "Everyone is in the backyard, but let me give you a quick tour before we head that way."

"Yes, please. I'd love to see your home." I said eagerly as I looked around. "How long have you lived here?"

"About nine years. Mike and I bought it not to long after we got married." Anne answered. 

"And what grade is your son in? First?" I asked. 

"Yes, that's correct, Grant is in the first grade. He is growing up fast." Anne answered. 

"This is a nice side of town. This subdivision is a good one." I stated. 

Anne walked me around the house until we got to the kitchen and dining room. The kitchen has a large window looking out to their backyard. They had a beautiful view. 

I stepped out into the back yard and was greeted by ten or so of my employees and their spouses or plus ones. They had a large playground area, a nice pool and a huge grill. Anne's husband Mike was working the grill. 

Being the boss I always felt I had to keep myself more reserved than I normally would. After all, it basically was an employee function since so many of my employees were invited. 

I had a burger and a beer and chatted with two of my main salesmen for a long time. It was a good party. Everyone was excited about seeing some fireworks that evening as well. 

The sun was starting to go down and there was a nice evening breeze. Anne looked stunning. She had on a green halter top type dress that was strapless and tight on the top but flowing from the waist down. It was a shorter dress. It went to about mid thigh. She was also wearing wedge heels. I found those wedge heels very sexy on her. 

I'm not exactly sure what it was. It might have been the slight view of her nipples poking out of her dress letting me think she wasn't wearing a bra, and maybe not any panties. Or it might have been the breeze that kept blowing at her dress making sure her dress hugged her body a showed off all her curves. But most likely, it was the fact that about two weeks prior I had walked in on Anne making out with a company intern on a table in the conference room. Her skirt was up and his belt was unbuckled. It looked like they were moments away from fucking had I not walked in. The image of her in her sexy five inch work heels, skirt up, and panties half pulled down had turned me on since seeing it. Seeing her in that dress for her party brought back those thoughts. 

"Hey, what are you up to?" I asked Anne as I closed the back porch door and stepped inside. 

"I'm getting some bowls and silverware for the ice cream." Anne replied. "What are you up to?"

"I saw you walk in and thought I'd see if you needed any help." I told her. 

"I think I have it covered, but thank you very much for checking." Anne said while getting the bowls down from a cabinet. "Are you enjoying the party?" 

"Yes, the party is great!" I answered. "The food was delicious and I've really enjoyed seeing you." 

"Seeing me?" Anne asked and turned to look at me. "You like seeing me?" Anne restated and she smiled at me. 

"You always look great in work clothes, but that green dress, wow, I haven't been able to not stop looking at you." I told Anne. 

"Well, maybe I'll wear this dress to work then." Anne said smiling at me and making a pose to show off her dress. "Honestly, when I got this dress I didn't realize it showed this much."

"You wear it well." I told Anne.

"Well, I'm glad I'm getting the guys attention then. I was aiming for sexy." Anne said.

"You are on the money with the sexy look." I replied. 

"So you are ok with me wearing this to work? Anne asked. 

"I would love to see you in something like this everyday at work." I told her. "As long as you still don't wear a bra with it to work?"

"What makes you think I'm not wearing a bra?" Anne asked as she looked down. 

"Anne, that top is tight, I can see your nipples." I told her. 

"I still might have a bra on." Anne replied in a sassy response. 

"Do you have a bra on?" I asked.

"I'm not telling you that. And yes, I do have a bra on." Anne replied. 

"Ok, then show me?" I told her. 

"What? Show you? What, like pull my top down to show you my bra?" Anne replied. 

"Yes, prove to me you are wearing a bra." I said. "One quick pull down to prove it." 

"And what if my husband walks in?" Anne asked but I could tell her mind was thinking. 

"Look out the window, he is off at the patio table sitting and talking. You can do it fast." I told Anne thinking she was on the verge of showing me her breasts. 

"Will that turn you on?" Anne asked. "Or should I ask, are you turned on?"

"Yes, I'm turned on by you, but let's stick to the subject of you showing me you are really wearing a bra." I answered. 

"Hmmm, I love showing off, but Mike doesn't know about that." Anne said. 

"I think I know that. Remember, I caught you and the intern on the conference table." I stated to Anne. 

"Yes, I know you did." Anne told me as she stepped over to the window to look into the backyard. "That was just me doing some innocent flirting. Nothing more. Did seeing me turn you on?"

"Yes it did." I answered wondering were all this was going. 

"So if I told you I wasn't wearing a bra or panties right now, would that turn you on?" Anne asked. 

"Very much so. So are you going to show me this bra you claim to be wearing." I replied. 

Anne looked out the back window and then stepped closer to me. "Ready?" She asked. 

"Yes..." I replied.

Anne took both hands up to the top of her dress. She grabbed the dress and slowly pulled the top down. As the top came down there wasn't a bra. I soon saw both nipples exposed and then her entire breasts. 

"Ok, your right, no bra." Anne said smiling. "Do you like them?" 

"Very nice." I replied as I looked at Anne's near perfect breasts. 

Anne quickly pulled her dress top back up and reached down to feel my cock. She grabbed it in her hand and leaned into me. She made sure to get a good feel. She felt how hard I was.

"I'm such a tease. I love getting guys turned on." Anne said stepping back from me. "This is our secret, right?" 

"I can keep it a secret, but I do have one issue." I told Anne. 

"What is the issue." Anne asked.

"What am I supposed to do with this hard on?" I told her. 

"Well, there is the bathroom down the hall." Anne said. "You have a great image to think about when you masturbate."

"Do you think you could help me with that?" I asked. 

"Sorry, I wish I could but that's your problem to deal with." Anne said as she was walking towards the back porch door. 

"Ouch, you are leaving me hanging." I said.

"I sure am!" And said with a sexy smile. 

"I guess I wish I had that video to watch in the bathroom to help me get off." I told Anne as she was about to open the door. 

"What? What video?" Anne asked before stepping outside. 

"The one in the conference room where you are making out with the intern." I told her. "My favorite part is when you let him lift your skirt and put his hand down your panties. You would be surprised how clear these new HD cameras can be." 

"No, that wasn't on video. There isn't a camera in there. I'm sure of it. I've never seen one. You are making that up. Wait, is there a camera in there?" Anne asked as her mind was racing. 

"Maybe there is, maybe there isn't. What was it you just told me, it's not my problem." I told her. 

"Ok, what do you want to destroy the video?" Anne asked. 

"I sounds like now we both have problems. Maybe we could help each other out." I told her. 

"Let's go to the bathroom." Anne said as she grabbed my hand to lead me back there. 

"Wait." I said. "I want my problem fixed right here in the kitchen."

"No way!" Anne said. "Mike, or anyone could walk right in." 

"I guess it's a good thing you have a window to look out to make sure nobody's coming." I told Anne. 

Anne walked over to the window and looked outside. I walked up behind her and grabbed her waist. I pulled up her dress and felt her ass. 

"No panties either. I love it." I told her. 

"Hold on, what are you doing? Anne asked.

"I'm fixing my problem." I answered. 

"Not like that you're not." Anne said. "I will get you off with my hand."

Anne unbuckled my belt and unzipped my pants. She grabbed my cock and started stroking it. 

"I hope you're happy. I can't believe I'm doing this. You need to cum quickly. I'm nervous about this." Anne said. 

"This isn't going to work. I need more than you're hand." I told Anne. 

"Make it work. This is all you're getting." Anne shot back at me. 

I stepped back and Anne stopped stroking my cock. 

"This isn't working. I need more than this." I told Anne. 

"Fine." Anne replied.

Anne looked quickly out the window to check for anyone who might be coming inside. She then got down on her knees and took my cock in her mouth. Her head was bobbing back and forth as she was taking my entire cock with her mouth. 

"You need to cum in my mouth. Don't spray it on my face or anywhere in here." Anne said as she paused from sucking my cock and then restarted. 

"Anne, this feels great." I told her and grabbed the back of her head. 

Anne was great at sucking cock. She knew how to work it. I loved watching her suck me off. She was on her knees, her wedge heels out behind her. She grabbed my ass to help her pull my cock into her mouth.

"Anne?" I said as I tapped her on the shoulder. 

"What?" Anne answered looking up at me. 

"I'm so close. I'm about to cum." I told her. 

"I like that, now cum in my mouth!" Anne said and immediately went back to sucking my cock. 

"Anne?" I said again as I pulled back some. 

"What?" Anne asked. "Can you not cum?"

"I can but I want something more." I told her. 

"No. I can't do that. This is the most you are getting. Enjoy it. I shouldn't even be doing this." Anne said. 

"Um, remember the intern?" I said. 

"Listen, I love to flirt and I love to tease. That thing with the intern was never going any further than just playing. We were never going to fuck. I knew where to stop. I was not going to cheat on my husband. I was just playing around. I'm not going to let any other guy fuck me but my husband." Anne told me. 

"Well, I want to bend you over the kitchen counter right now and fuck you." I told Anne. 

"No, it's a blowjob or nothing." Anne said as she stood up. 

"Ok, you can either bend over the counter right now, or we can let your husband watch the tap and he can decide for himself how far you we're going to go with the intern. You decide." I told her. 

"Fine, please hurry." Anne said as she turned around and bent forward on the counter. 

"I'll do what I can, but I want to enjoy this." I told her. 

"If you want, you can enjoy this tomorrow at the office or any other day you want if we stop now." She said. 

"Nope, I want it now." I said. 

"Oh fuck. Wow, your all the way in." Anne said as my cock entered her. 

"Anne, your pussy feels great." I said pumping in and out of her. "You are very tight."

"Your cock is so fucking big." Anne said as she held the kitchen counter very tight. "I know I shouldn't be saying this, but it feels so good. Fuck me harder. Your going to make me cum." 

"I'm going to fill you up." I told her.

"Oh god. I'm cumming." Anne told me as her body was tensing with an orgasm.

Anne looked up out the window after cumming. "Oh shit, here comes Mike."

Before I could pull out of her Mike walked through the back porch door. I froze with my cock deep inside Anne. Anne had her dress up on her waist and was bent over the counter. Mike immediately turned the other direction and went into their garage. He didn't notice us right next to him. I heard the garage door close after he went into it. 

"I'll cum fast." I told Anne as I started back to fucking her. 

"Anne?" Mike yelled as he opened the garage door. "Anne?"

"Answer him." I whispered to Anne noticing that he was yelling from to doorway around the corner and not wanting him to walk any closer. 

"Yes hun?" Anne answered in a quivering voice. I was still slowly fucking Anne going in and out of her. 

"Can you help me with these ice bags?" Mike asked. 

With two more thrusts I came deep inside Anne's pussy. Anne was having another orgasm as I did. 

"Anne? You there? Can you help me?" Mike continued to yell. 

I stepped back. My cum ran down Anne's leg. I pulled up my pants and straightened my clothes. Anne was still face down on the counter after that second orgasm. 

"Anne?" Mike said as he walked into the kitchen. "Are you ok?"

"Yes. I'm good. Just felt light headed for a moment. I'm not sure what happened." Anne replied still mostly bent over the counter. 

"Anne, your dress?" Mike said as he quickly walked over to her and pulled down her dress that was still up on her ass from being fucked. "Your dress is riding way up." 

"Oh, it must have come up when I put my head down on the counter and I didn't even notice. I guess it was shorter than I thought." Anne said with a smile. 

"And in front of your boss too." Mike said. 

"Honestly, I didn't even notice. I was more concerned about her being lightheaded to notice." I told them both. 

"I'm fine. Not sure what happened. Thanks for being concerned about me." Anne said to me. "Maybe I need to go sit down and rest to be on the safe side." 

"You do look a little flushed. Sitting down might be smart. I need to call it a night." I told them. "Anne, I'll see you at work on Monday so we can discuss that conference room video problem we have been having and we can discuss some solutions to fix it over the next coming months."