 Note: This story contains references to - Interracial love/sex, reluctance, and some anal sex 

*************************

A father lusts after his son's young wife and devises a way to have her and if needed to share her.

*************************

Jennifer Stallingswood was a young girl away from home for the first time while attending college. It was during her junior year that she met Martin Mgobade, a twenty-six-year-old lawyer. Martin was tall, muscled and athletic with dark eyes, and short, neatly trimmed hair. He had refined ethnic features that spoke to early race mixing with French and Portuguese settlers in Cameroon, Africa during the late 1800s. Martin was fluent in French and English, intelligent, ambitious, from a well-off, influential family in his home country, and very black. 

Jennifer was just under 5' 5" and barely 130 pounds, nineteen years old, college educated and from a solid down to earth family. Jennifer was an attractive girl with long, thick, blonde hair, hazel eyes, a full sensual mouth and very white. Her physical attributes, slim waist, full hips and 36C breasts which she felt were large, were beautifully shaped, firm and well-proportioned for her body size, ensured male admiration and attentiveness along with the protective watchfulness of her father.

Martin had worked for his father, Jacob Mgobade for almost two years, and as fortune would have it, he was offered a one year assignment to work in the United States, where he met Jennifer. No one was more surprised than Jennifer by the almost immediate attraction between Martin and herself. Despite it being 1932 and race relations in the United States deplorable, Jennifer fell in love with Martin. 

After several weeks of cautiously dating, Jennifer introduced Martin to her parents who did not understand why she had chosen him above all the nice, White boys who had pursued her. They took an immediate dislike of Martin, despite his being everything they would have wanted for their daughter had he been White. She was saddened by their attitude and by the fact that her relationship with Martin was taboo and unacceptable especially in the small Texas town where she grew up. Though they were from two different backgrounds and upbringings, they had fallen madly in love and regardless of how other people might feel they decided that after Jennifer graduated college, they would marry. Because they would be unable to marry in the United States, they planned to marry and make their home in Europe (most likely France). To share this occasion with his family, a special wedding would be performed for the family. They decided that following their African marriage ceremony, Jennifer would stay in Douala with his father while Martin traveled and was otherwise away from home fulfilling his job obligations before the couple moved to France. 

Although Martin and Jennifer had been seeing each other for almost a year, because of Jennifer's religious upbringing, they had not become sexually intimate in the marital sense. Jennifer, naive and inexperienced wanted to wait until they were married, but still wanted to please Martin, and so she looked to Martin for her then limited sexual education. Martin had been her teacher during that year, he had taught her to enjoy mutual masturbation, oral sex, and though difficult at first, Martin had urged her to accept and "tolerate" anal sex.

*****

Martin Mgobade was the son of successful West African businessman Jacob Mimbosa Mgobade. 

From a well-established family with roots going back to the Fulani and Baka peoples and genetic strains that extended into families of Cameroon's earliest white settlers. Though Martin's father, Jacob, was now a prosperous and influential businessman in his own right, he was also immensely proud of his mixed heritage and accomplishments, and he took particular pride in being the titular head and Elder Chief of an old and fabled tribe in West Africa. 

It was to him, Jacob Mgobade that the people looked for financial, social and even spiritual guidance. Though Jacob was a leader for the future, he and the elders still embraced some of the old ways. One of these old but not totally forgotten rituals was called "The Right of First Penetration" which dated back to pre-colonial times. Even now, in 1932 there were occasions and situations under which the chief or an elder could claim this right, but this particular right, to "know" the wife of his eldest son was like so many other old ways, no longer practiced openly.

*****

Martin's father was, of course, surprised to hear of his son's plans to marry, and doubly surprised when he finally met Jennifer. He had been in his study working when the Mercedes driven by Martin, pulled into the circular driveway. Jacob stood to face the couple as they came through the door, and caught his breath. She was a very young, beautiful, white woman. 

"Mr. Mgobade, hello, it's so nice to meet you," Jennifer said extending her small hand to him. 

Jacob took her hand and pulled her into a fatherly embrace, inhaling deeply the fresh, lemon verbena scent that wafted from her hair.

"Miss Stallingswood, I am so happy that you have finally arrived. My son has been derelict in his description of you . . . you are an exquisite beauty. He is indeed a fortunate man," Jacob said.

As she stood next to Martin, adoringly gazing up at him, Jacob felt a fleeting moment of envy and an unsettling sensation of his forty-three year old cock twitching in his pants. He hadn't experienced anything like this in a long time, and yet here was this little white girl making his dick jerk like a schoolboy's.

He abruptly turned and went back to his desk to hide his growing erection. 

"Well, I need to finish these papers before dinner, so I'll see you both a little later," he said dismissively.

"Ok, we'll see you at dinner then," Martin said as he guided Jennifer to the office's door.

Jacob, sat watching them leave, his mind imagining what it would be like to feel Jennifer moving beneath him and to enjoy spreading her soft, pink lips with his hard, black cock before filling her tight little pussy with his cum. A stab of guilt interrupted his fantasy, and he quickly put the thought out of his mind.

*****

While the Mgobade family lived in a large, stately home in the coastal city of Douala, the ancestral village was located two hundred miles to the east. Though most of the younger adults had moved away from the rural community for a better living in the city, the village still had a sizable population and Martin, Jennifer and sometimes Jacob tried to visit the village at least once a week. Once people got over the fact that she was White, Jennifer was pleasantly surprised at how she was able to make friends, fit into the Mgobade household and the village community. Through her actions, Jennifer demonstrated that despite her color and cultural differences she was earnestly interested in becoming part of that extended community. 

One of the Mgobade matrons, in this case, Martin's great-aunt Nimia (his father's sister), was asked to meet with Jennifer once a week to educate her on the ways and customs of Martin's people. From the time they arrived, it was Nimia who explained the history, the culture and the hierarchy of the village.

Jennifer liked Aunt Nimia very much, felt comfortable with her and trusted her.

Many of the old ways were no longer practiced, but there were those having to do with passage into man or womanhood, the family, and relationships that were still adhered to and observed. It was to him, Jacob Mgobade that many of the old rights and responsibilities fell. 

In the light of social and industrial advancements, some of the old ways seemed ridiculous. For example, the Elder Chief had not actively observed the archaic Right of First Penetration, in at least twenty years. Jennifer had laughed when Nimia explained this right, unable to imagine that anyone would still take these old customs seriously especially this Right of First Penetration.

Jacob had insisted Jennifer call him Papa Jake, which she was happy to do. Jennifer wanted to know her prospective father-in-law better, and he wanted to know her much better but in a different way. Jacob Mgobade was a handsome man that women, black and white found attractive and sexually commanding. Jacob was tall at 6' 2", a big man, not fat or out of shape, but strong and muscular from years of hard work and more than capable of physically controlling Jennifer . . . if it ever came to that. 

From the first time he met her, he had struggled to maintain a distance between them, but Jacob found himself more and more consumed with dark lascivious thoughts about the girl. Jacob was not a man to want for female attention, but there was something about Jennifer that attracted him. He thought of her as he jerked himself in the middle of the day, and it was Jennifer he dreamt about at night; often awakening with a rigid, painful erection that only imagining the feel of her mouth and lips wrapped around his dick as he masturbated helped him find release. 

Since her arrival, she and Jacob had only engaged in brief, casual conversations during meals or if their paths crossed during the day. Sometimes when they sat talking, he would silently appraise her; he would look lecherously at the girl and wonder if she would be able to take all of his long, thick cock in her sweet, white pussy and whether her tight looking little ass would be able to accommodate him. Jacob suppressed a groan at that thought, and he ached to imagine his cock stretching her pink, puckered hole. 

*****

During the time that she and Martin had stayed with Jacob, despite her efforts to be friendly and open, she noticed that Jacob rarely if ever spoke directly to her, while at the same time felt uncomfortable when she was alone with him. He seemed always to be stealing glances at her, staring at her. In no way would Jennifer have ever suspected that she had become the object of her father-in-law's sexual fantasies. 

Within three weeks of arriving in Douala, Martin and Jennifer were married. The wedding was held in the village in a traditional ceremony officiated by his father, Jacob Mimbosa Mgobade, the Elder Chief. 

Following the wedding ceremony, amidst the sound of music and laughter, Martin and Jennifer adjourned to their bedroom with the long-delayed goal of consummating their marriage.

As the young couple entered their apartment, Jacob let himself into a small adjoining room. He could hear them talking and laughing, as they undressed and readied themselves for bed, followed by faint sex sounds as they touched and explored each other. After perhaps ten minutes, the room grew quiet. Jacob not realizing that he had been holding his breath exhaled and then stealthily opened the connecting door. In a drugged sleep, lying naked on top of the covers were Martin and Jennifer. Jennifer lay on her back. Unlike most African women, Jacob noticed right off that Jennifer's soft blonde bush was cut very short and neatly trimmed, making her mound appear almost smooth shaven at first. Unable to control himself, he reached out and touched her. Jacob let his fingers trace over her soft white mound and brazenly rolled the tip of her clit between his thumb and forefinger. He could feel her nub immediately begin to swell but resisted the urge to bend forward and take it into his mouth. Only after a breathy moan escaped her red parted lips did he stop fondling her. He stepped back from the bed and looked at the couple: Jennifer's legs were spread open in anticipation of her husband's entry, and Martin was positioned half on top of her, his cock long and black, but limp and unused. 

Jacob took a deep breath to steady himself and quietly stepped out of the room, closing the door behind him. As he walked to his apartment, he felt overwhelming relief that his plans had not been derailed or discovered. 

Though Jacob and Martin had had a stormy relationship since the boy had been in his teens, Jacob nevertheless loved his son and was proud of him for his ambition, goals for the future and his belief and respect for the old ways. He was also deeply envious of him. Since meeting Jennifer, Jacob had become obsessed with thoughts and fantasies about her. He wanted the white girl badly, wanted to fill her with his throbbing African cock, and wanted to see her belly grow taunt with his child. Because of Martin's reverence for tribal traditions, and Jennifer's attitudes towards premarital sex, Jacob knew that Martin would not have had intercourse with Jennifer or risked impregnating her before their marriage. As the Elder Chief Jacob Mimbosa Mgobade, he was confident that he would be the one to take her virginity and impregnate her.

The couple's wedding day had been filled with excitement, happiness, and anticipation. Toward the end of the wedding feast, Nimia unbeknownst to the wedding couple had laced both Martin's and Jennifer's champagne glasses with an anaphrodisiac herb. The herb would bring on a deep sleep and on awakening any memory of the night before would be dulled and vague, if not forgotten. The couple, in fact, had not had sex on their wedding night. Jennifer to Jacob's immense joy was still a virgin and assuming his plans would continue without a problem, Jennifer would remain a virgin until he claimed her.

In the days that followed, Aunt Nimia continued to doctor Martin's and Jennifer's food and drink with a smaller dose of the herb. The herb effectively reduced their sexual desires and needs as well as prevented Martin from achieving an erection or ejaculating, making sexual intercourse impossible.

Martin and Jennifer had been married for only a matter of weeks, and the continued absence of marital intimacy was placing a strain on their relationship. Jacob watched the young couple, in his heart, he knew that he was using the ruse of the "Right of First Penetration" as justification for taking his son's wife. While he occasionally felt guilt at what he was doing to Martin, shamefully, his lust and desire for the girl outweighed his loyalty to his son.

*****

Jennifer understood that Martin's job would require him to be away for business frequently, but the reality of this obligation was upsetting. Jennifer was disappointed and angry with Martin, for the second time in six weeks, he was away from home and this time would not return for another week at least. She stood on the upstairs balcony watching him drive away and began to cry. Her body was hungry for him, and she ached for his touch and the long-delayed feeling of him moving inside her. 

Trying to keep herself busy, Jennifer worked about the house most days, and in the late afternoon would help Aunt Nimia prepare dinner. One evening following dinner Aunt Nimia fixed Jennifer a cup of tea before bed. Though she would never say anything to Nimia, the tea was horrible, but after adding a heaping teaspoon of sugar and a splash of brandy, though it did not mask the strong medicinal taste and smell completely, she was able to gag it down.

"Drink, drink, finish your tea, Aunt Nimia urged, it'll make you feel less better."

By the time Jennifer finished her tea, she had begun to yawn. Nimia helped Jennifer to her room, and after removing her clothes, guided her into the shower. Jennifer sat on the shower bench in an almost stupor as Nimia washed her. Aunt Nimia's small but strong hands soaped Jennifer's breasts, and gently washed between her legs.

"Thank you Nimia; I don't know why I suddenly feel so tired. I'm sure I'll be asleep as soon as my head touches the pillow," Jennifer said sleepily. Taking the towel out of her hands, Nimia finished drying her and braided Jennifer's thick blonde hair into a large plait and helped her under the covers, naked and vulnerable. 

Jennifer was asleep within minutes, but sometime during the night she vaguely remembered feeling a warm tingling sensation between her legs, that slowly made her reluctantly open her eyes. When she managed to focus her eyes, she saw that the person between her legs was Aunt Nimia.

"Nimia?" she asked groggily

Nimia had Jennifer's legs spread open, rubbing some kind of oil between them. Nimia's old gnarly fingers covered Jennifer's breasts, clit, pussy lips, butt, and even inside of her pussy with the thick, musky smelling oil. 

"Nimia, what are you doing?" Jennifer managed to ask even as she felt herself drifting off to sleep again.

"Yes, it's me little one, Auntie Nimia . . . you close your eyes and go back to sleep. I just needed to prepare you. Go back to sleep." Nimia gently coaxed.

"Pprepare . . . prepare . . .?" Jennifer tried to ask before the dark, welcoming curtain of sleep again enveloped her.

*****

Jacob pulled back the light blanket and saw that Jennifer was naked, as he had instructed. Her pale white breasts were exposed, full and pert as only a woman's barely out of her teens can be. He watched as her chest heaved up and down with each breath, her nipples elongated and hard from the sudden coolness of the room. Her long, wavy blonde hair had come undone from its braid and fell in soft disarray on her pillow and about her shoulders.

He slowly knelt beside the bed and took one of her nipples into his mouth. Tongue and teeth, teeth and tongue, he worked the hard extended nipple until she moaned and whimpered in spite of herself. It had been a long time since he had had an opportunity to suckle such a beautiful, white tittie like this one. White European women came to his country filled with disdain for the African people and cultures, all too quickly, becoming jaded and disillusioned. Eventually, they would seduce or be seduced by a Black, and once they were thoroughly fucked, that disdain would change, and they would risk their husbands, their families, and their reputations for the feel of a hard black cock moving inside them. Whores . . . despite their pale skin, blonde hair and perceived importance, they were whores . . . tired of their often old, impotent husbands they sought the taboo, the forbidden, and once that black pleasure was experienced, they would do almost anything to have it continue. 

He watched the sleeping girl. This girl was an innocent, a sexually desirable innocent that he desperately wanted to have.

As he stroked himself, he parted her legs and let his fingers tease her pussy and her small, tight rosebud. When he pressed his fingertip into her ass, her head moved from side to side, and an expression of distress and worry crept across Jennifer's slumbering face. She began to mumble something in her sleep before she abruptly rolled onto her side. Jacob leaned over and listened as she in a barely audible voice said, "No, Martin, please." Then "Stop, you're hurting me, please." He watched and saw her reach behind her with one hand and make a pushing motion as if trying to push someone away. She moaned and half-heartedly began to struggle subconsciously with the villain in her nightmare.

"Shhh, shhhh, it's ok little one," Jacob said. 

Though he could not know for sure, he assumed the bad dream might have been a side effect of the tea or the oil that had been applied to her genitals. Jennifer and Martin had been together for over a year before coming here, and while engaging in other intimacies they had not had sexual intercourse, but Jacob was more than sure Martin had introduced her (willing or not) to anal sex and suspected this might be what her dream was about.

"Shhhh, no tears . . . Papa Jake will show you how good even that can be," he said in a soothing voice as he brushed damp tendrils from her face.

Jacob looked down at her sleeping form and could feel his cock jerk hard with impatience. Jennifer was so young, younger than his son Martin by several years, but her body was ready to be loved and bred, it was ripe for a child of his seed. How had Martin managed not to pussy fuck her was beyond his imagining. Moving down the side of the bed Jacob paused between her legs. Jennifer trembled in her sleep as Jacob's teeth gently captured her clit forcing her to involuntarily cum like a good Christian white woman . . . quitely gyrating and humping against his open mouth.
