 

Copyright 2019 by Stormbringer

Note: This is a rewrite of my story "The Unwanted Houseguest" written back in May of 2000. It has been read over one million times at one website with an average score around 9 out of 10. The original was written at a time I was considering retiring and I wanted to write the ultimate cheating wife story. It had all the themes and elements including lost bets, blackmail, exhibitionism, voyeurism, the wife cheating with her brother-in-law, an interracial scene, and threesomes. The story was to be my magnum opus before retirement. I never quit and kept writing. Houseguest was also my attempt to codify the roll of the alpha male in my stories, sort of a Nietzschean Ubermensch, above modern morals and driven to spread his seed to as many women as possible. Houseguest is both a fan favorite and hated because the ending turned out just to have been a dream which I referred to as my "Dallas" ending. The dream ending was not my original intent. My plan was to have Beth go riding off on the back of Steve's motorcycle. This new version is a complete rewrite with only some similarities to the original plot. The interracial element had been dialed up and new scenes added. More importantly, the controversial "dream" ending has been dropped.

Chapter 1: Poker on Christmas Day

﻿

Beth slammed the beer down in front of her husband with a hard thud. She slid the other can over towards the giant black man. She wasn't one for waiting on men even though she reluctantly waited tables for a living. She also thought alcohol brought out the worst in men, though David's black half-brother already possessed every trait she found reprehensible in males.

"What?" asked Titus, his broad black lips turning up in a smirk. "You ain't gonna open it for me?"

"You've got fingers. Open it yourself," she replied.

Titus laid his cards on the table face down before reaching over for the beer and popping the tab. "You need to train yo woman better, little brother." David was the older brother, but much smaller than the black giant.

David's cheeks turned redder than they already were. He'd drunk a little too much and that always made his face flush. He also hated when the massive black man reminded him of their size difference and their familial relationship even though they were technically brothers. David's mother had been seduced by Augustus Cetewayo during a family vacation to Jamaica when David was five. The affair had destroyed David's parents' marriage nine months later when Titus was born after which David's mother, Mary confessed everything. David didn't talk about it, but once when he'd drunk too much, David confessed to a vivid memory of seeing Augustus for the first-time walking nude down the beach, approaching Joe and Mary in a friendly manner and offering them a ride on his boat. The five-year-old David had first believed the man had a giant eel hanging between his legs.

David had once mentioned the Jamaican arriving in America soon after the baby was born and insisting that he be named Titus Cetewayo even after Mary had already named him Steve on the birth certificate. Augustus only stuck around for a few days after that, but David vividly recalled hearing his mom screaming from the bedroom dozens of times over those few days. Then Augustus left on a motorcycle. He visited, but rarely, sometimes years apart to check on his son. Mary was always thrilled to see him, and the screams would resume from the bedroom. The rest of the time, his mom was lonely, and she had a series of black boyfriends stay over nearly every weekend for company.

Beth stared at her husband waiting for him to stand up for her, but she should have known better. Apparently, Titus had bullied David during their teen years, even six years younger than David, the boy had been large for his age and had started pushing the seventeen-year-old David around the year Titus turned eleven. Joining the Marines when he turned eighteen had made Titus even bigger and more intimidating.

"Women aren't trained by their husbands, jerk, we are equal partners in a marriage," she told him.

"It is the female's nature to be submissive to the male." Titus sat back and drained his beer. "Real males anyway. Didn't the lingerie make you feel sexy and feminine?"

Beth froze as she was about to retort. She turned on David. "You told him?" David chugged a large gulp of beer and didn't answer. "I'll never wear anything that objectifies women like that," she lied. She'd hated her husband's Christmas gift, but when she saw the hopeful look in his eyes, she'd agreed to model it for him later tonight after all it was Christmas. That was one of the many reasons she was pissed off. They should have been in bed a long time ago, but Titus had insisted on playing cards with David and downing a few beers. "You should have known better," she told her husband.

"I did..." said David.

"I talked him into it," interrupted Titus. "It looked sexy as fuck on the mannequin and I thought it would look damn sexy on you."

Beth practically choked, her hate-filled eyes staring at Titus. He was the real reason she was pissed off tonight and in a pissy mood in general over the last month. There was absolutely nothing good about Titus Cetewayo. The black man was a hulking brute at 6'6" and built like a heavyweight boxer. He towered over David's 5'6". His face was hard, clean-shaven, his hair a military looking flat top. He wasn't handsome, his face craggy and rugged with very African features, including a broad flat nose and thick lips. He'd inherited nothing that she could see from his white mother except maybe lighter skin, his dad had apparently been very African black. Titus was a chauvinist and a pig. He expected her to wait on him, do his laundry, cook his dinner. He had no modesty and walked around their house in tight-fitting jockey shorts that bulged out so obscenely in the front, Beth was convinced he stuffed socks down in there to impress her. He was also fond of leaving the bathroom door open when he showered or peed, but Beth always looked the other way if she had to walk past. Worse, he was a bad influence on David, insisting they drink beer daily and in the month since Titus had shown up at their house uninvited, she swore David's paunch had grown larger. Now, Titus had talked him into playing cards for money and a good chunk of their mortgage payment was sitting in the pot.

Beth hadn't even met Titus until a month ago. David didn't keep pictures of him around. David and Beth had married two years ago. They met in the college library, soon becoming study partners which led to grabbing coffee and eventually actual dates. The beautiful woman so awed David, that he'd stuttered trying to talk to her. Beth had long curly brown hair that fell as far as the nipples on her rather oversized breasts for such a thin framed woman. Her hips flared out and her rear was plump and firm. The day they met, she wore a conservative blue dress that stopped just under her knees. Her face was buried in books by Dworkin, Friedan, and Atwood. David shared a table with her but found her presence distracting and kept glancing at her. She let him stare, she was used to it from men. That day and most days, her body always looked like it wanted to burst free from her clothing. She was a feminist intellectual at heart, but she had the body of a stripper. She resented male attention, but there was a part of her that liked having a killer figure. She dismissed the awkward young man at first.

David couldn't believe she wasn't seeing anyone. Truthfully, she got lots of offers, but she was hard to date, and most men left when they realized she wasn't going to put out for them and had no intentions of having sex until married. David pursued her but took his time and went slow. She finally agreed to go on a date, David was cute and awkwardly charming. He took their relationship slow too, which was fine with her as she was busy with her women's studies and only allowed him one weekend night for dates. They had been dating a year when she found out he had a brother after he took her to his mother's house for dinner. Mary rolled her eyes and explained that Titus was the black sheep of the family. Beth was a big believer in family and insisted they invite Titus to their wedding. He never RSVP'd, but Mary explained his unit was in deep shit somewhere in the middle east. They married six months after graduating. Beth's wedding present being that she agreed to take his surname becoming Mrs. Beth Ann Shorthose.

David and Beth's marriage got off to a slightly rocky start. They didn't consummate their marriage on their wedding night. David's penis was an angry red five inches and so swollen, it looked like it might pop and pop it did the second she reached down to touch it, filling the palm of her hand with a teaspoon of semen. She was forgiving, and they were young, David was ready to try again within the hour, but it popped again the moment he saw her completely nude. Beth tried not to laugh watching his penis twitch up and down as more runny drops spewed from the end. She stayed nude to let him get used to seeing her body until they made a third attempt, but David only managed to push the tip of his penis between the folds of her womanhood when he blew again. He apologized, acting surprised by how hot her vagina had felt while pushing it in. Beth finally lost her virginity early the next morning, when she climbed on top of him and lowered herself over his penis in the dark. He broke her hymen, ejaculating almost immediately, but the deed was done. She kept bouncing in his lap, feeling his penis reverse and shortly he was grunting, and she assumed cumming again though she couldn't feel anything squirting inside her, but his penis did quickly grow limp. They drove down to Key West for their honeymoon. David continued ejaculating too quickly and Beth responded by making him go down on her for long periods of time. By the end of the week, David was skilled at licking her and lasting longer once he got inside her. Beth finally started feeling pleasure from the act and had a few small orgasms.

Mary called them a little over a month ago, saying that Titus had shown up on her doorstep out of the blue. He had his military duffle bag and little else. She told Beth, that Titus was out buying a motorcycle and planned to travel the country. One of the things Titus had expressed the most interest in was reconnecting with his brother. Mary said he talked about it all the time and was fascinated with their wedding and honeymoon pictures that Mary kept on her mantle. Beth knew the pictures she'd sent her mother-in-law, David in his tuxedo holding Beth's hands as they stared into each other's eyes on their wedding. The honeymoon picture, they'd had a tourist take for them at Fort Jefferson in the Dry Tortugas. David was in his bathing suit and Beth in a modest bikini holding each other as they stood on the seawall surrounding the Civil War era fort with the light blue gulf waters behind them.

A few days later, Beth heard a motorcycle pull up in their driveway and went out to greet her brother-in-law. She stumbled when the man took off his helmet and she saw the black face. He grinned and hugged her tightly to a chest as broad and as hard as a brick wall. Her mind kept telling her something was wrong, David didn't even like black people, hated them even and she was inclined to agree with him most of the time at least where black males were concerned. She considered black men to be horrible oppressors of black women. Her husband got home and was as shocked to see Titus as she had been. They were both shocked when Titus asked to stay with them for a few days, but David relented and offered him the use of the spare bedroom. After a week living with one, Beth liked black males even less and after David got drunk with Titus one night, confessing about Mary's encounter with Augustus, she started to hate black men especially men like Augustus and Titus Cetewayo. A few days had turned to a month and Beth wanted nothing more than for Titus to leave on the road trip the obnoxious black man was always talking about. Now, Titus was indicating he would be with them all winter while he earned some money for his trip by bartending at a big Miami club, but he did offer to help with the bills. This was good as while David did all right as an accountant, woman's studies hadn't opened a lot of career opportunities and Beth was forced to wait tables which she found somewhat demeaning for an intellectual woman, but she did it dutifully waiting for something better to come along.

Life with Titus wasn't all bad. He didn't even stay there most nights and Beth assumed he had a girlfriend. That worried her a little because if he fell in love with her, he might want to stay around longer. When he didn't stay out all night, Titus borrowed David's adult movie collection and most nights she could hear Titus grunting to the moans coming from the TV in his room. She objected to pornography for its treatment and depiction of women, but David had bought them attempting to spice up their sex life and not for self-gratification. She'd watched disgusted for an hour until a new man appeared on the screen, some big breasted blonde with fake tits and a lot of work done to her face, pulled his pants down and started sucking on what soon grew into a seven-inch penis, longer and thicker than David's. All the men had been bigger than her husband, but this actor was impressive. She stared raptly at it, mouth slightly agape, aware her breathing had grown heavy. The man ejaculated on the woman's breasts and outstretched tongue. Beth stood up, wondering why she'd suddenly become aroused. "I'm never putting your penis in my mouth," she reminded him before marching off to bed. David came up later, mounting her, and finding her wet and ready for him.

Several nights after borrowing the DVDs, Titus had returned them in disgust. Beth insisted David throw them away and he did as she asked. Titus came home the next night with some new titles, all featuring black men with "the biggest blackest cocks" and white or Asian women "taking the biggest blackest cocks" in all their holes. Titus insisted they watch a movie together, but Beth refused. David lasted an hour downstairs with his half-brother before climbing quietly into bed beside her. She reached down for his penis, but he was limp as a noodle. Beth was horny and a little disappointed, but also proud that her husband was no longer turned on by that crap. She laid in bed a little frustrated, hearing Titus come up to his room and for the next hour she listened to women screaming in pleasure as they cried "fuck me with that big black cock" or "I love your big black cock".

She threw away the disgusting movies the next day, but that didn't stop Titus. He wasn't even that mad. He just opened a laptop and soon pornographic noises were coming from his computer's speakers.

**********

"Raise ya another fifty," said Titus, grinning cockily.

Beth came out of the kitchen with some more beer, bottles this time. "I think this is getting out of hand and you both should quit." She stared at the pot. There had to be over $500 dollars in it. They'd be late on their mortgage if David lost the hand. She moved around to look at David's cards. She forced herself to keep a straight face when she saw the four sevens in his hand. It didn't look like David would lose this hand, but then if Titus lost, he might end up staying with them even longer while he tried to earn more money for his trip. "I don't have enough," said David looking from his cards to the pot to Titus' grinning face.

"Well then," said Titus triumphantly, "I guess the pot is mine."

"WAIT!" cried David as Titus reached for the money. "Maybe I can offer you something else?"

"Like what?"

David asked, "What do I have that you want?"

Titus' eyes narrowed, and his face turned serious. This was the kind of black man a white couple would cross the street to avoid. His eyes turned on Beth. "I want a blow job from that hot wife of yours." David stared in shock at his half-brother, hearing Beth gasp and the sound of both beer bottles hitting the floor, one shattering.

"You sick pervert," she hissed at the black man before turning away. She came back with some paper towels and a broom to clean the mess up. She had to put up with this shit every day at the restaurant, both getting hit on constantly and cleaning up spills now it was happening in her own home.

"I can't do that, Titus," said David, his face flushing. "She's not mine to bet with and besides, adultery is a sin."

"Bull shit!" stated Titus. "Everyone knows a blow job ain't adultery. "But I'll make ya a deal. You win, you keep the money. If I win, I keep half the money, but Beth jerks me off."

"That's not going to happen, Titus," said David. He was still flushed, but now his hands were shaking a little.

"Hold on," said Beth over his shoulder, staring at the four-of-a-kind in his hand. "We'll take that deal."

﻿

David turned on his wife. "No Beth. There's no way you're going anywhere near that thing."

"In the kitchen, NOW," ordered Beth, wondering what he was talking about. David followed and tried to talk her out of it saying they both could work overtime and his fingers were crossed that a big promotion was coming his way. She told him they couldn't afford to lose the money and besides, she was confident he had the best hand. "And what do you mean by "thing"?" she asked before they started heading back to Titus.

David froze, his flushed cheeks losing color until he went pale. He'd been home on break for college one time, smitten with his new girlfriend Beth. David had been masturbating, eyes closed trying to picture Beth nude when his bedroom door burst open. Titus just started laughing at the little penis David was trying to shove back under his boxers. Titus reached into his jeans and whipped out a massive dark-skinned penis. It took David a month to get an erection after seeing "that thing". He recalled taking showers after Titus and the glass door being covered in a thick white goo from the black boy's constant jerking off. Titus' room would stink of semen, his trash was filled with crusty tissues that reeked of sperm. David finished college two years before Beth. When he moved back home, he began hearing rumors about Titus and dozens of school girls, even one about Titus and the hot teacher all the boys including himself had a crush on. There were even rumors about him banging some of the mothers of his classmates and apparently one encounter had gotten him in enough trouble, he'd run off and joined the Marines. Titus' penis might not even have been fully grown the last time David had seen it. "His penis is rather on the large side," he said softly. David had never forgotten how wet Beth had been in bed after watching the porn of the man with the seven-inch penis.

"Oh," said Beth, pausing, recalling the obscene bulge under the black man's briefs. She suddenly felt uneasy but shrugged it off "We still need the money and your hand is virtually unbeatable.

They walked back out to the dining room table. David gulped. His face had lost its flush turning a pale white. "All right, it's a bet." He gathered his cards up off the table.

"It's a bet then," said Titus. His face was expressionless, but there was a predatory look in his eyes when he glanced at Beth. "But she has to wear the lingerie I picked out for her while she does it."Beth clenched her teeth with rage. "Ass," she grunted. She sent David a glare that promised he would be paying for this for quite a while. "Let's get this over with," she said, her heart thumping rapidly from nervousness.
