 Every girl knew when it was time for a breeding. The familiar buzz of the table would start, humming directly in contact with your clit and the warmth would spread like a wildfire until you were dripping onto the leather. The bench began to whir and instinctively you pressed yourself against the vibrations and start to grind your stiffening button across the stimulating bumps at the tail end of the apparatus. Your table neighboured two other girls who were also in the breeding rotation. Each of you had begun your ovulation cycles around the same time and over the last couple of days you had each gotten to know one another. Although you did not know each others name's, breeding stock refrained from that kind of personal information and it is soon forgotten upon arriving at the farm, you had become close as you would all carry your children together and be a part of the same group once impregnated. To your right the smallest of you slept, her glowing blonde hair lazily tucked behind her ears lying flat on the breeding bench. Her firm tits squashed against the soft leather of her table as she snoozed, it was not long ago that she was last bred and her pussy still smelt like the pungent bull's cum as it leaked slightly and dribbled down onto the floor between her legs. 

To your left was a veteran breeder, she had been at the farm for many years now and had mothered several different bull's offspring. She would give you both advice and support as you and the other girl were starting out each with your first pregnancy, but right now she was preoccupied. She wailed in pleasure as a large man stood behind her stuffing her full of his rock hard cock, her dark skin shone with sweat, her face pressed firmly against the table, unable to support her body as she trembled with ecstasy. Her heavy tits hung either side of the bench, bouncing in rhythm with the pounding of the muscular bull as he drove his aching shaft in and out of her creamy cunt. His strong hands were buried in the ample flesh of her ass, groping the ebony rump in an effort to keep up his rigorous fucking. His arms flexed as he pulled her back to meet each stroke of his pulsing prick, his growls turned to a low groan as his legs tensed and his mouth opened wide with pleasure. She felt it too as his cock stiffened and grew that extra bit before unleashing a wave of potent sperm against her cervix, her womb drank it in, letting the hot sticky juices drain into the depths of her womanhood.

She regained a little composure and opened her eyes, seeing you watching her and cracking a soft smile as her bull withdrew his spent rod. Stepping away from the bench he caught his breath, his broad chest rising and falling rapidly as his large appendage gradually softened to hang between his firm thighs. She moaned a little and arched her hips, a thick strand of the bull's cum still connected her to the table. He smiled down at her and casually walked off and she giggled quietly before gathering up her fleshy tits and sucking each one into her mouth. She nursed at her own nipples, each one spurting creamy white liquid into her full lips, the bright milk contrasted her black skin as it ran down over the large mounds and dripped off of her body. Her pussy was glowing pink and her clit remained hard and throbbed gently as she sucked her own breasts in a frenzy. Suddenly she remembered you and snapped back to your predicament, noticing the buzzing of your bench and the rocking of your hips as the vibrations sent hot shivers through your body. Her grin widened and she began to rub her clit, turning to face you with one leg propped up to display her fleshy cunt. Her tits now hung to the side, swinging down off the edge of the bench as she panted softly in anticipation.

This would be your first session of the cycle and your first time being bred. Your body ached for this and yet the nerves had been a problem, until now, now they all just melted away as the humming between your legs teased your fertile hole. The bumps did little to satisfy you as your pussy, glistened with your slick juices, slid across the whirring table. You turned to look desperately for the one thing that could bring you relief now, through blurry vision clouded by your need, your bull. Your burning flower opened when you saw him slowly striding towards your table, his mid length hair a golden brown was tussled lightly with strong waves that led down to his face. His features were strong, a broad nose and sharp cheekbones framed by dark eyebrows and a light stubble. You stared as the moment dragged on, your sweet hole pouring with your creamy juices as you watched his heavy cock bounce off of his thick thighs as he walked towards you. His body was well built, he radiated strength without size, he seemed less intimidating than some other bull's, perhaps you were being taken easy the first time around. Despite this you were shocked as his shaft became thicker and his veins began to pulse, he drew a large breath with his last steps, surely able to smell the needy cunt that burned between your thighs, and his prick stood to attention. 

He turned briefly to smile at the woman on your left, still furiously rubbing her swollen clit, her hanging tits bouncing from the force, she licked her lips seductively and closed her eyes. His attention returned to you. It was common procedure for all new girls to be bound during their first breeding session, you knew this but only now did it seem necessary. Instinctively you struggled, despite your strong arousal your body fought against the thought of being impaled on the bull's powerful tool. Your ankles were fastened at the floor, keeping your thighs parted in such a way that your pink lips spread at the end of the bench like an open invitation. Your wrists were pulled forward, they had more slack than the ankles, able to prop yourself up slightly in this position but it did little to limit access to your fertile snatch. Behind you, out of your sight now, you feel the warmth radiating from the bull's appendage, stepping closer to you his stiff cock grazes against your inner thigh. His hands gently trace over your hips, trailing down the soft skin and over your round butt. You jump slightly from his touch but his smooth fingers soothe your racing heart and once more desire overcomes your apprehension. Under his breath you hear him growl softly then without warning a firm digit runs it's way up from your clit to your hole, your swollen button drips with the juices that escaped your pussy and his finger effortlessly glides across the slick skin. He does this a second time, using a second finger this time until your aching cunt is practically pouring with excitement. Then with his whole hand he gathers up a wad of your creamy lubricant and slathers it over the tip of his raging cock. Mixing it with a large droplet of pre cum he coats the helmet until it shines just like your sex. You know what is coming next and yet the thought excites you more than you could have thought possible as you feel your fleshy lips parted by this stud's prick you let out a small moan of pleasure.

The pressure slowly builds as your bull's member pushes it's way into your fertile cunt. Driven now by instinct your hips push back as far as the restraints on your ankles will allow, the thick rod stretching the walls of your womanhood as another inch finds it's way inside your tight body. You feel his grip grow firmer on your hips as he pushes farther towards your ass with his hips. His growls become low groans as your snatch envelopes his sizeable cock, your insides filling up with a pulsing hot slab of meat. If your pussy was not so wet it may have been a struggle but your ovulation made this task a simple one and any momentary discomfort you experience is soon replaced by a pleasurable sensation when another inch of stud reaches deeper into your sex. Soon your cervix is gently pushed back by the twitching head of his powerful cock, then it slips past and stuffs your fornice full of thick masculinity. You gasp as your ass is kissed by the toned hips of this breeding stud, his hands now rooted in the flesh of your hips, you both pant in excitement as the sensations have only just begun. Then you feel one hand leave your hip and tangle itself at the base of your hair, his grip just enough to tug your head back as he starts to grind himself deep inside your quivering cunt. The walls of your sex drag across the veiny surface of the stiff rod as his hips mash themselves into your ass, gyrating expertly as your entire pussy is filled.

You weep with pleasure, his domination of you is primal and you can't imagine resisting. Your body in this moment belongs to another, one who will take it and care for it before gifting it with his seed. Your sex leaks as every last millimetre of stud is put to use, finding every nerve inside you and caressing it with hard man meat. It wasn't long before your first of many orgasms overcame you, shuddering in his arms, he holds your body firmly planted against his until the waves wash over you and you regain your breath. He leans over and plants a small kiss in the small of your back, even from this angle at least two inches of his cock remained lodged inside you. The absence was like withdrawal at this point, your body screamed for more and you are sure he could sense it. Knowing you would not be satisfied until your cervix was painted with this man's cum. You grind your hips making the head of his cock slip in and out of your needy cunt and for a moment your bull just enjoys feeling as you wriggle on the end of his aching prick. Looking up you see the dark skinned girl in the throws of a powerful orgasm, her nipples leak the purest white milk as she pants in pleasure. Then you hear a new sound, turning to your right the sleeping blonde girl had stirred and was slowly grinding herself against the bumps of her breeding bench, clearly enjoying the show you and your bull were putting on. Catching her eye you both smile and giggle to one another, with the realisation that you had all become breeding sluts addicted to large cocks and potent cum and nothing else would ever compare.

Suddenly the firm grip of the bull's hands return to your hips and in a heartbeat your ass is once again pressed against his powerful hips and your hole is occupied by a massive prick. You shriek as the thick rod stuffs your tight snatch in an instant, then just as fast draws out until the bulbous head sits in the entrance. Methodically the stud fucks you now, each deep stroke causing you to cry out as he slams himself against your bouncing butt. Just as the other bull had to your dark skinned friend your partner now pulls you back to meet each thrust, your body used by his strong hands for his own enjoyment. His grunts of approval tell you just that as every time the firm tip brushes past your cervix he holds you there for a brief moment before pulling back ready to go again. You become lost in an ocean of pleasure, time falls away as your head fogs and all you know is the feeling of getting bred, being fucked by this specimen of a man. You snap back to reality when a particularly good stroke of the bull's cock sends you over the edge of another climax. You quake in ecstasy and all the while the pounding continues, every time your orgasm seems to fade it is kicked back into orbit by another long thrust full of cock. Eventually your bull slows when he notices you drifting in and out of consciousness, he strokes your hair lovingly and allows you to rest before the big finish. His grin widens as he sees you are alright, knowing he can continue and complete his mission.

While you are still groggy, drunk on cock, your stud unfastens you from the bench. Effortlessly he flips you onto your back and reattaches your arms and ankles, so that you are unable to escape. At this point it is unlikely that you would try but it's clear that he will let nothing stand in his way of impregnating his subject. Now with your legs spread you feel slightly more vulnerable than before, the realisation that control over the situation certainly does not rest with you is somewhat unsettling. You wonder if you did want to stop this, could you? Would your bull listen and back off or would he simply gag you and keep going. You felt ashamed to admit that the thought excites you, the fact that if he really wanted he could take everything from you without hesitation. As you look up at this powerful man positioning himself at the entrance to your pussy your lips tremble with lust, his stiff member slips back into your velvety cunt and he sinks his cock back into the depths of your sex. Gripping you by the thighs you are pulled to the very edge of the bench, your head falls backwards onto the soft leather and the primal rutting begins anew.

Smiling down at you is the face of a loving man. While not partners in the conventional sense you can see that he cares about you even if only for as long as it takes for him to drain his balls of the sticky load that churns inside his heavy sack. With every thrust his large orbs swing into your ass, driving inch after inch of thick veiny shaft into your fertile hole. Beneath his thick wavy hair his eyes are full of purpose and his rosy lips are occasionally bitten in an attempt to stifle grunts of satisfaction. He watches almost hypnotised as your breasts leap with every push of his hips, his smile never leaves as his arms tense and sweat starts to drip from his firm chest. He is moments from unleashing a wave of hot spunk directly into your womb and every piece of him wants it more than anything in the world. His pace slows, the strokes of his cock become more precise as his prick thickens in readiness of the torrent of sticky cum that is about to escape the flared head of his huge rod. He groans deeply as his body aches, every nerve burning to let go and fulfil his purpose. You wonder what he could be waiting for when you notice the slapping against your ass has faded, his balls drawn tightly, loaded and set to shoot off round after round of his powerful seed. The time has come for you to be bred and not a moment too soon.

Your bull lets out a roar and his thrusts quicken as his cock glides in and out of your wet pussy. His massive cock pulses as he pulls you into him and you feel the first splash of semen coat your cervix. Almost instantly you cum again, the sensation of his sperm invading your body sets you off like an animal instinct. Another powerful thrust fires off his second shot of thick baby batter, spattering your insides with the potent liquid your spasming cunt drinks it all down into your womb. Each wave of your orgasm causes your cervix to dilate, letting the warm whiteness trickle down deep into your body. A third round of spunk shoots from the tip of the bull's shaft, it travels directly into your open cervix in perfect synchronisation with your own climax. The fourth load cascades across the walls of your sex as it escapes on a back stroke and it takes a lot for your stud to thrust back in as his tensing muscles tirelessly work to complete his task. He draws himself close to you as the last few spurts of cum are let loose as deep inside you as his cock will reach, he embraces you slightly as each of your orgasms slowly fade. Still lodged firmly in your cunt his tool twitches the last drops of his reservoir inside you. In total you counted twelve hot spurts of his man milk and your pussy feels like it is drowning in his product, you're certain you were pregnant as you feel the tingling of his swimmers seeking out your eggs.

As the bull caught his breath he rose slowly, his firm muscles slipping from your grasp as his softening cock falls from your impregnated cunt. The void that he leaves is like nothing you've ever felt and all your mind can think for a moment is how long it will be before he, or any bull for that matter, would be back to fill you up again. You lie back and revel in the warmth that radiates from your body as every fibre of you is satisfied completely. He smiles one last time, glistening with sweat among other things, before casually strolling away and winking playfully at you as he leaves. You pant and hum to yourself before erupting into a giggle, looking over at each of your companions you all do the same. To your left the girl laughs heartily, her breasts leaping as she rolls onto her back as well, your blonde friend still bound to her table chuckles as her face rubs against the warm leather. All three of you lie together, cunts marinading in sticky man sauce, fertilised and made mothers within hours of one another. You would raise your children together and would likely find yourselves back on these very tables not long after, but one thing is certain, you will love every minute of it.