 "You MUST have another room."

"I am sorry sir, as I explained before we don't."

I looked at my mother, she just mouthed "Calm down." 

Olivia was no help, throughout my conversation with 'Charles', the guy on reception, she had said nothing. I gave a long sigh, I now realised I wasn't going to win this.

"OK, I give in", but I couldn't resist adding "But we did book two months ago."

"I can only apologise once again sir." He then gave me a sickly smile before adding "And of course there will be a twenty percent discount." 

Mother jumped in with a quick "Thanks." She was paying for the room.

I stood my ground, "I think it should be twenty-five."

I was expecting, even hoping, that he would argue with me, but in a calm voice he said "Of course. I meant to say twenty-five percent."

As we left reception to go to our room I could tell mother was pleased with the large discount, but I was still irritated. We were here for my cousin's wedding. I had booked two rooms, each with a double bed, me and Olivia in one room and mother in the other. However we had now ended up with one room that had a double and a single.

I had been looking forward to this ever since I booked it, a nice private room with my girlfriend Olivia. We have only been together for four months so there is still a lot of sex, often noisy. There was now no chance of that with mother in with us.

"I like the room."

Mother was smiling so she obviously liked it as well, she then said "Tim, what do you think?"

I muttered "I think Charles should be fired."

Olivia giggled at that but mother didn't find it funny, she just stared at me.

"OK, the room is very nice."

I wasn't just saying that, it genuinely was, some of the furniture even looked to be antique.

"He did say they might be able to get us an extra room tomorrow."

Mother sounded optimistic but I wasn't so sure. Charles had explained that they were fully booked because of two conferences and a local golf tournament. He freely admitted that it was their mistake with the booking, but that had not made me feel any better. We were booked in for three nights but Olivia could now only do two, she has to leave early because of work commitments. If we didn't get our own room tomorrow then it would be a disaster.

"Have you seen the view?"

I hadn't yet, but from the tone of mother's voice it must be good. It was, a large golf course bounded by a wood. When I moved away from the window I looked at the beds, nothing had been said yet about the sleeping arrangements, time to mention it.

"We need to decide."

Mother gave me a puzzled look, "What?"

"Who is sleeping where?"

She quickly said "Me and Olivia in the double, you in the single."

"I thought."

Before I could continue mother interrupted me with "No, I am not having you two together keeping me up all night."

I looked at Olivia, she averted her eyes, obviously embarrassed with what mother had hinted at.

I tried to make a joke of it, "I was going to suggest Olivia in the single bed."

Mother looked horrified, I now wished I hadn't said it.

"I was only joking."

Nothing more was said but from the look on mother's face I could tell she was not happy with me.

My father and sister Mia were arriving tomorrow at eleven, I just hoped they would not be late, I also hoped that Charles was correct when he assured me he had rooms for them. If, and it was a big if, the rooms could be sorted out then tomorrow night we would all be OK. I would be with Olivia, mother and father would be together, and Mia would have her own room.

After we had unpacked we explored the grounds of the hotel. The plan for the rest of the day was to have a quiet meal, then an early night. We would be having a busy day tomorrow, the wedding was at one so we would have to be up early, and it would be a late night.

The restaurant was what you would expect for a five star hotel. We all enjoyed the food, but according to mother and Olivia the wine was even better. I am not a wine drinker so I just had a couple of beers. 

It was only when we left the table to go to our room that we realised Olivia had drunk too much. She was unsteady on her feet, I had to support her to stop her falling over. Nothing was said until we were out of the dining room.

Mother gave me an angry look, "She's drunk, we will have to take the lift."

"I know she is, but why are you annoyed with me?"

"You are her boyfriend, why didn't you stop her?"

"It was you that ordered that second bottle of wine."

Mother was about to reply, but I held my hand up and she stopped.

As we waited for the lift I gave a big sigh then said "Look, it's just one of those things. She should have drunk less but she didn't."

When I looked at mother she seemed calmer. 

"I suppose I did insist that we had a second bottle, and I encouraged her to drink it."

"Yes, but you didn't force her. She is twenty-five, old enough to do what she wants."

Eventually we got to our room. Olivia was now slumped in a chair and I was making her a coffee in the faint hope that it would sober her up. Mother was sitting on the edge of the single bed, she seemed a bit unsteady, was she drunk as well?

She must have noticed me looking at her, "I am OK, just a bit drunk."

"Why are you not as bad as she is?"

"I think it's because I am used to it, and I am bigger than Olivia. She just can't take as much as I can."

"So basically you are saying it's because you regularly drink too much and you are fat."

She looked offended, "I am not fat."

I felt really bad, "Sorry, you are not fat, just a few extra pounds."

Mother smiled at me, it was if I had passed her a compliment, that made me feel worse. I shouldn't have made the fat comment, even with those 'extra pounds' she was still attractive. Charles at reception had kept glancing at her whilst he was talking to me, probably fascinated by her pretty face and her big tits. 

We tried to get Olivia to drink the coffee but after the first sip she wasn't interested in having any more, after trying a few more times we gave in.

I looked at mother, "What do we do now?"

She shrugged her shoulders, "Put her to bed?"

With a bit of coaxing we managed to get her to her feet, and then manoeuvre her towards the double bed. When we released her she flopped onto it, then she reached out for a pillow. As she hugged it to her chest mother bent down and stroked her hair. 

"She needs to sleep it off. You get changed for bed and I will watch her."

I just nodded, it was not an ideal situation but we had it under control, tomorrow morning we would laugh about it.

However when I returned from the bathroom Olivia was in the single bed, mother looked as if she was about to cry.

"It's not my fault, I couldn't stop her. She just got up."

"You are", then I stopped. I was about to say 'You are much bigger than her', but saying it would not help.

I sighed, "We will just have to move her back."

Five minutes of talking didn't work, we got no response, she just lay there dead to the world.

"We are going to have to carry her."

Mother gave me a look that said 'You must be joking', but when I put my hands under her to lift her she realised I was serious. However before she could help me Olivia started to struggle, and then start to scream. I quickly let go of her.

"Let's try again."

Mother looked hesitant but she didn't say no. This time when we lifted her the scream was louder, it only stopped when we dropped her back onto the bed.

"Fuck, it's not going to work. Why does she keep screaming?"

"I have no idea, she is drunk so who knows what is going through her mind now." She then gave me a stern look before adding "And don't use that language in front of me again."

I muttered a quick "Sorry."

"I am going to get ready for bed now, you will just have to squeeze in with her."

It was at least ten minutes before she returned from the bathroom.

"What was all that noise, and why aren't you in bed with her?" 

I snapped back "I tried." Then in a calmer voice I said "Every time I get in she either starts shouting, screaming or kicking. I think she hates me."

Mother laughed, "No, she doesn't hate you. Now can we get some sleep?"

I looked at the double bed.

"No chance, you are on the floor."

As she got into the bed I muttered under my breath "And my mother hates me as well."

I now had a makeshift 'bed' on the floor, two blankets and two pillows. It wasn't comfortable but I was trying to make it work. However ten minutes later I was still awake, in frustration I gave a long sigh.

"Are you still awake?"

"YES, and I think I will be all night."

"It's going to be a long day tomorrow, we need to get to sleep."

"It's OK for you in that big comfy bed."

Mother didn't reply for a few seconds, but when she did she surprised me.

"You had better get in with me."

"Are you sure?"

"Do you want to stay on the floor? Get in bed before I change my mind."

I almost jumped in, mother was not amused.

"And take that big grin of your face. If you hog all the sheets I will kick you out."

I gave her my best "Yes mother."

"I had the evening all planned, a nice meal then an early night. I was even thinking about having a relaxing massage after the meal." She looked over at Olivia before adding "That was before somebody spoiled it all."

I had an idea, "I can do it."

"Do what?"

"Give you a massage."

Mother gave a dismissive laugh then said "No, the way things have gone tonight I bet you would end up injuring me."

She had hurt my feelings, I prided myself on my massage skills.

"Olivia thinks I do a really good massage."

"Well go and give her one now."

"I am really sorry about tonight. I just want to make amends, to do something that will make it a bit better."

There was now silence, I didn't know if it was the end of the conversation or if she was thinking about it.

Eventually she spoke, "I suppose it would be nice."

"Good, now lie on your front."

She did as I asked then I removed the covers. The room was dark but we hadn't fully closed the curtains, so there was enough light coming in from outside so that I could see OK. 

I started on her shoulders. As I worked my fingers into her muscles I looked at her body. She was wearing a nightie, a short one that only just covered her bottom, and she wasn't wearing a bra. I couldn't see but I assumed she had some knickers on.

I had briefly noticed what she was wearing before when she came out of the bathroom, but it was only now that I had time to appreciate it. I was going to enjoy massaging her, and if I was careful I might be able to have some 'accidental' touches of more intimate places than her back.

"Do you think I should change? This nightie is a bit short, it was only supposed to be for your father to see."

In a casual voice I said "No, it is short but it covers everything", then I held my breath as I waited for her to decide.

"No point in changing now. In fact I don't think I have anything that's more suitable."

I could breathe again. Mother couldn't see it but I now had a huge grin on my face.

After five minutes I moved my hands down onto her spine. I pushed hard, there was a loud crack and then a satisfying groan from her. As I gently massaged her back I noticed that the nightie was moving up, I could now see part of her knickers, they were white to match her nightie. My hands were now going up and down her back, and I had increased the pressure. I was careful not to do it too hard, but I was more careful to ensure that her nightie continued to move so that it would reveal more. 

I could now see all of her plump bottom, only covered by her tight knickers. I couldn't take my eyes of it. As I continued with the massage I just stared at it, desperate to touch it. However I didn't do that, what I did do instead is quickly put my hands inside her nightie and run my hands up her back, there was a soft moan from her.

In a low voice, almost a whisper, she said "That feels good."

Now that I was inside, and mother hadn't complained, I felt bolder. I spread my fingers and then I moved my hands to both sides of her, another inch or so and I would be touching the edge of her tits. Very slowly I moved my hands towards them, after five minutes I was there.

My touch was now more of a caress than a massage. I couldn't feel much of her big tits, because they were squashed against the bed, however it still felt highly erotic and my cock was stiff and throbbing in my pyjamas.

"That's very nice but I think we should get some sleep."

"Five more minutes?"

She sighed, "You are doing a good job, OK."

If it was just five minutes then I wanted to make the most of it, I might never be in this situation ever again. I slowly pushed my hands down so that I could feel more of her tits, I waited for her to object. However she surprised me by raising her chest up, just a few inches, but enough for me to slide my hands under. I didn't hesitate, when my hands were under her she dropped back down trapping them.

I now had my hands where I wanted them, but I was reluctant to act. If I stopped now we could both pretend nothing had happened, it was just a massage, but if I started playing with them there would be no doubt it was sexual. 

I don't know why I bothered thinking about it, there was only going to be one outcome. Man has only enough blood for his brain or his cock, but not for both at the same time. I am no exception, my cock was in control so it was inevitable that I would play with her tits.

As I searched for her nipples mother moved her body to make it easier for me, there was now no doubt she was willing. When I found them they were already swollen. They were a lot bigger and thicker than Olivia's. I pinched them gently at first, then harder as she started moaning. 

I was surprised that we were doing this. My mother is quite formal, she never swears. At home there is never ever a mention of anything sexual. I was now playing with her tits and she was enjoying it. She was holding her drink well but she had consumed a lot, had that softened her up?

I had now spent ten minutes on her magnificent tits, I wanted more, something different. If I tried would she stop me? When my hands were out from under her she gave a long sigh, it sounded like she was disappointed.

This time she was the one to ask, "Five more minutes?" 

"Are you sure?"

There was a quick "Yes" from her.

This time when she raised her chest I put my hands onto her bottom. When I started fondling it she dropped back down, she now understood what I wanted.

"Perhaps we should stop now?"

She sounded unsure, letting me play with her tits was one thing but giving me access to her cunt was a big step up. I desperately wanted to finger her, but if that was going to happen I needed to be patient.

I took a deep breath, then in casual tone said "Just a few more minutes. We will stop when you want."

Whilst I waited for her to say something I looked over at Olivia, she wasn't moving but in the silence I could hear her breathing. Good she was OK, but I would need to keep an eye on her during the night. Eventually mother responded.

"Yes, but be gentle", then to keep up some sort of pretence she added "When you massage me there."

We both knew where 'there' was.

As I played with her bottom, keeping well away from her cunt, I kept saying to myself 'Nice and slow'. I was worried that if I just charged in she might change her mind. 

After several minutes she started to wiggle her bottom, that was a good sign. I wanted to get to her cunt but first I needed those knickers to come off. I thought she was ready, but as soon as I started to pull them down she reached behind and grabbed one of my hands. 

"I need to go to the toilet."

As she got up from the bed I hid my erection as best I could. When she was in the bathroom I wondered what was going to happen next, would we continue or was that the end? There was nothing I could do but wait.

Eventually she returned, without saying anything she got back into bed. I smiled, she was now in the same position as before, on her front with the covers off.

"I am tired, do you think we should continue?"

She was obviously having second thoughts about doing this. I was now frantically trying to think of something to say that would convince her that we should go on. The best I could come up with was "Yes, I will make sure you enjoy it", I just hoped it was good enough.

"If we do then I don't want you to stop until I am completely relaxed."

With the confidence of a twenty-three year old I said in a firm voice "Don't worry, I know what to do."

There was a nervous giggle from her, then she said "What are you waiting for?"

When I lifted her nightie up I was surprised to see that her bottom was naked, she must have left her knickers in the bathroom. As I stared at it my cock twitched, and for the first time since we started I realised that I might actually get to fuck her. It would all depend upon how far she was willing to go, but I decided then that I would try.

Her legs were together and I was tempted to push them apart, but I didn't. I muttered under my breath "Nice and slow." When I started massaging her bottom again she gave an appreciative moan. After a few minutes she started to move her legs, I put my hands on them to stop her spreading them, then I got back to working on her bottom. Two minutes later she tried again, I stopped her, this time holding her legs more firmly.

"Please I need to get more comfortable."

I could hear the pleading in her voice, I replied with a firm "No not yet."

"I need it." She now sounded desperate.

"What do you need?"

I waited for her to answer, it felt as if she was struggling to find the words. Other women would say 'I need to be fingered' or 'I need to be fucked' but she would never say anything like that. Eventually it came out.

In a low voice she said "I need more."

I wanted to tease her, not torture her, so I said "Just two more minutes."

I felt her legs relax, she was now no longer pushing against my hands. I had said two minutes but I wasn't sure if I could wait that long. 

I was now back to playing with her bottom, but I was thinking of her cunt.

"You said just two minutes."

I could hear the anguish in her voice, if I waited any longer she might actually cry. When I put my hands on her thighs and gently pushed against them she responded by opening her legs. 

"Wider, as wide as you can."

She quickly did as I asked. I bent down, moving my head close to her, I wanted a good look at her cunt. Even in the dim light I could clearly see it. She wasn't shaved, but it looked to be well trimmed. I then put my hands on her bottom and pushed up, I wanted her to raise herself so that I could see more, but she didn't respond.

"My back is hurting."

I ignored her and tried again.

"No, I can't do that it's too uncomfortable."

I was slightly annoyed, in a harsh tone I said "Then you need to turn over."

She hesitated, had I ruined it? Eventually she moved, only stopping to take her nightie off. She was now lying on her back completely naked, but with her legs closed. I looked at her face, our eyes met and we held that gaze for a few seconds. When she closed her eyes I knew it was her signal for me to continue.

I wanted her cunt, but now that she was on her back I could suck her big nipples. When I did there was a loud gasp from her, it startled me and I raised my head.

"NO, don't stop."

I was quickly back on it. It was long and thick, nicely swollen, better than Olivia's. Thinking about her should have made me feel guilty about what I was doing, but it didn't, I was enjoying it too much. There was plenty of time to feel guilty tomorrow morning. 
