 I was working late again. The weight room was deserted and quiet and I was finally done with my workout. I was just getting ready to shut off the lights when my sister-in-law, Joselyn, and my niece, Stephanie, came in. I was the football, track and strength and conditioning coach at the local high school to which my niece went. I had seen her earlier at track practice and coached her up a little. She was a sprinter and she long jumped. Everything had seemed fine, and she had hugged me and laughed at one of my corny jokes. She wasn't fine then, and neither was her mother. They had both obviously been crying for a while. The side of Joselyn's face was swollen and red and their eyes were red and puffy.

"God, Jos, what the hell? Are you okay?" I hurried over to hug them. They were both crying so hard they couldn't talk. I led them into my office and shut the door. I sat them down on the loveseat in there and got them a Gatorade. I handed them a box of tissue and rolled my desk chair over in front of them.

"Jos, what happened to your face?" I asked her.

"Ruben hit me," she sobbed.

"Jesus Christ! What happened? Were you arguing?"

"I got a call from the mortgage company today," she cried harder. "They told me we're seven months behind on the mortgage and they are going to foreclose on us. I called the bank and we're broke. Our IRA is gone, our savings is gone and we have two hundred dollars in the bank from my last paycheck. Our credit cards are maxed out and we owe a lot of money. I asked Ruben about it and he told me he's been gambling again. I got mad and started yelling at him. He's lost everything we had! I yelled at him and asked him how he could do this to Steph and me and he hit me. He slapped me so hard I fell down and hit my head on the refrigerator. It kind of knocked me out for a minute and when I woke up he was gone."

"Damn, Jos, what do you want me to do? You want me to beat the shit out of him?"

"No, I know he's your brother, Salinger. I know you love him. This isn't the first time he's hit me."

"I want you to beat the shit out of him," Stephanie spoke for the first time. "I don't care if he's your brother; he's an asshole. He's mean to us all the time. He calls us 'nigger bitches' all the time when no one can hear him."

"Holy Christ," I said. "I had no idea, girls. I can beat the shit out of him, you know."

"Yes, I know how strong you are, Sal," Jos said. "I want you to do something else for us, though."

"You know I'd do anything for you," I told them. "What do you want me to do?"

"I want you to come home with us and stay there while we pack our stuff. I've had enough, Sal. I'm not going to take it anymore. I'm afraid of him. I'm afraid he'll be there. Can we come and stay with you? It will only be for a little while. You know I work hard, and as soon as I get a couple of paychecks we'll look for our own place."

"Yeah, if you can stand to have two nigger bitches stay with you," Steph said bitterly.

I rolled my chair over in front of her and cupped her cheeks in my hands. I made her look at me and her huge green eyes were full of tears.

"I'm not him," I told her. "If I ever hear you talk like that again I'm going to run your ass off in practice. I love you Steph. I've loved you since you were a baby. I've never done anything but love you and I don't deserve that from you."

She sobbed miserably and threw herself on me. My chair almost turned over and I flailed around for a minute. I pulled her onto my lap when I got my balance and held her as she shook with sobs.

"I'm so sorry, Uncle Sal," she sobbed. "I love you, too. I've loved you since I was a baby, too. I'm just so wretched and miserable. I'm so sorry I said that."

"It's okay, baby; I understand. Just remember, I'm not him. He may be my brother, but that doesn't mean I'm like him. I never wanted your mother to marry him. I'd never say anything like that to you. I'd never even think it. I love you because you're my niece and you're who you are. I know being black in an all-white school is hard. I've seen you struggle with that and it breaks my heart. Hell, being a teenager is hard enough." I held her and she slowly calmed down.

"I'm not saying I told you so, Jos," I told her. "I did try to tell you. He always thought you were some kind of trophy he bagged because he got in a black girl's pants. He's a sick fuck. Let's forget about him. Let's go get your stuff. Of course you can stay with me, forever if you want. Let's take my truck and we can get everything you want."

Their car was parked by mine and they got their stuff. Steph had her backpack from school and Jos had her purse. We drove to their house and his car was in the driveway.

"Ignore anything he says to you," I told them. "I'll take care of him. You just get your stuff and put it in the truck. Tell me if you need help with anything."

I went in first. He was sitting on the couch watching TV and drinking some redneck beer. He looked up when he heard me. He was obviously drunk.

"So, the nigger bitches went crying to little brother," he sneered. "Get me another beer, bitch," he said to Jos.

"Shut the fuck up," I told him quietly. "You don't know how bad I want to kick your ass right now. You say one more word to either of them and I'm going to fuck you up."

He got up and bowed up at me. "Yeah, who's going to help you? You think I'm afraid of you? I kicked your ass when we were kids and I still can."

"Go get your stuff, girls," I told them. They didn't move. I could see Jos was very frightened and Steph had an almost eager look on her face.

"Yeah, that's right; these bitches are mine," he sneered. "They do what I say."

"Not anymore," I told him quietly. "I think you should sit down now."

He walked toward me and I could tell he was going to take a swing. He used to be a pretty tough guy, but not anymore. He was just fat and pathetic. He was drunk and slow. I caught his arm easily and punched him in the gut as hard as I could. I bench 360 pounds and I thought I was going to break his backbone. He collapsed to his knees and I bitch slapped him. I grabbed his hair and slapped him three more times.

"You like that?" I yelled in his face. "Who's the bitch now, bitch?" I slapped him four more times and pushed him over on the floor. He puked all over himself and I stepped away from the mess.

"Show's over, girls," I told them. "Go get your stuff."

They were frozen in place. "Go!" I said a little louder.

They started, and Steph climbed the stairs to her room while Jos got suitcases out of the hall closet. They made trip after trip out to my truck. I helped them carry the heavy stuff and in an hour they were ready. Ruben lay on the floor the whole time, sobbing drunkenly. I walked over to him before we left and knelt down. The stench was horrible. He had pissed himself.

"If you ever bother those girls again I'm going to find you and fuck you up bad," I told him. "If they so much as tell me that they've seen you I'm going to fuck you up. I think you should leave town. If I see you in the street or at the store, I'm going to come back here and fuck you up."

The girls were standing at the door listening and they took my arms in their little hands as we walked to the truck. They didn't say a word until we were almost at my house. Steph was sitting beside me and she was holding my arm with her cheek lying against my shoulder. I petted her mop of curly hair and she rubbed her cheek against me.

"I'm sorry you had to see that, girls," I told them. "I tried to get you to leave. Are you okay?"

Jos nodded and Steph said she was okay. "Jesus, Uncle Sal; you did beat the shit out of him!"

"I hate men that hit women," I told them. "We weren't raised that way. I don't know what went wrong with him. He thinks because he's a cop he can get away with anything. He's had a lot of excessive force charges filed against him. He hit your aunt Beth once when we were all kids. She was thirteen and I was fourteen. That was the last time we fought. He kicked my ass but I hurt him bad enough so that he didn't do it again. Let's forget about him. Did you girls have anything to eat?"

They hadn't and we had pizza delivered. By the time we got their stuff carried in, the pizza came. They sat on either side of me on the sofa and we ate. We talked about what they were going to do for a while.

"I know you don't want two girls living with you," Jos said. "I promise we'll be out of your hair as soon as we can."

That hurt my feelings. "Who told you I don't want two girls living with me?" I asked her. "I don't want you out of my hair. So my brother is an asshole. I love you girls and I don't want you out of my life. My God, it would be like somebody tore a hole out of my heart. Maybe you should ask me before you decide what I want."

She looked up at me and her big brown eyes were full of tears. "I'm sorry, Sal. I didn't think... I thought you... wouldn't want us." She broke down and sobbed.

"Am I insane?" I asked her. "Who would want the two most beautiful and sweetest girls they ever met to 'get out of their hair?' I want you here as long as you want to be here. You're my family, for God's sake. That means something to me."

She looked back up at me with those red, swollen eyes, her beautiful face bruised where he had slapped her. "God, I love you, Sal," she said. "Why didn't I marry you?"

"I've always wondered that myself," I laughed. "I don't think you should go to work tomorrow, Jos. Why don't we all take a day off and get things settled?"

Steph was all in favor of not going to school. "Will you make me run for missing track practice?" she asked.

I laughed again. "No, since your coach is missing, too, I think I'll let you slide. Let's go to bed, girls. The sun is going to shine again tomorrow, I promise."

I took them to their bedrooms and hugged them goodnight. I showered and I heard their showers running. I went to bed and it took me a long time to sleep. I don't know how long I slept when I heard a soft tapping on my door. I got up and Jos was standing there when I opened it.

"Sal, I'm lonely," she said. "I'm scared and sad and I can't sleep. My life just blew up today and I'm so miserable."

"Do you want to stay with me?" I asked her.

She nodded, sobbing a little. I took her hand and led her to the bed. I pulled the covers back and she climbed in. I covered her up and went around and got in. She lay there on her back for a minute and I could feel the bed shake with her crying. She was breaking my heart and I couldn't stand it anymore. I rolled onto my side and pulled her over against me. I rolled onto my back again and held her, lying half on top of me. She shook for a while and I could feel her tears, wet on my chest as I petted her hair, marveling at the texture of her curls.

"I'm sorry, Salinger," she said. "I know you don't want a weepy girl in your bed."

"It's okay, Jos," I told her. "I know it seems like everything is a mess. I know this isn't how you planned your life going. It's going to be okay. You're going to start over right now. It's going to be hard, but I'm going to help you. Steph will help you, too. You've got people that love you and you aren't alone. I know you were an orphan, Jos, but you've got family now. Just give it a chance and you'll see what a difference that makes."

She pushed herself up, her dark eyes searching my face. "Do you really love me, Salinger?" she asked.

"Yes, I do. We were friends before you even met Ruben, Jos. I loved you before you married him. I still do."

"Show me," she said.

"What do you mean?" I asked her.

She scooted up and kissed my lips; her full luscious mouth alive on mine. "Make love to me," she whispered.

My cock was erect and rock hard in seconds. I wanted to make love to her, but this was the wrong thing to do. I kissed her again and she was all warm woman against me. When she broke the kiss I pulled her firmly down.

"No, Jos; I'm not going to do that now. You would hate me in the morning and I'd hate myself. You're emotional and in no shape to make a decision like that. Ask me again in a week, but I'm just going to hold you now."

"I knew it," she said bitterly. "You don't want me. You used to want me, Sal. I could tell when we were in college. What's wrong with me now? Is it because I've been with Ruben?"

I took her hand and placed in on my cock. "Does that feel like I don't want you?" I asked her. I pulled her hand back up and kissed it. "I would love to fuck you until you can't walk, Jos. I always wanted to do that and I still do. You're a little broken now and it would be wrong of me to take advantage of you while you're so messed up. Like I said, ask me again in a week and see what happens."

She lifted up again and kissed me. "You're the sweetest man I know," she said. "I'm sorry I said that. I just feel cheap and dirty. I didn't think you would want me. I'm sorry, Sal. I am going to ask you again in a week."

We held each other for a while and heard creaking in the hall. Steph was up and moving around. She knocked on the door. "Can I come in," she asked.

"Yes, baby, we're in here," I called.

She opened the door and slipped in. "I was looking for you, Mom. I was lonely and sad and scared. I guess you felt the same way. You aren't... doing it or anything, are you?"

Jos laughed. "No, baby. To tell you the truth, I wanted to, but your Uncle is too much of a gentleman to take advantage of a broken girl. Do you want to get in with us?"

Steph just slipped under the covers and joined her mother lying across me. This was going to be torture. I had two of the most beautiful girls I've ever seen in bed with me. They were both half naked and they smelled and felt so good that my erection was never going to go down.

Steph put her leg over me and her thigh rested on my cock. I groaned. "You girls are going to kill me."

She giggled. "He's hard, Mom. Did you do that?"

"Yes, I'm sorry, Salinger. That wasn't nice. Are you going to be okay?"

"Of course he's not, Mom," Steph said. "He's going to have blue balls."

"What should we do about that?" Jos asked her.

"We could make him come," Steph answered.

"Hey, I can hear you," I said. "I'm right here."

"Let me make you come," Steph said. "I've done it to a couple of boys before. It's olay, I like it."

"Jesus, Jos," I said. "Why haven't you been watching her better?"

"I like it, too," Jos said. "What was I supposed to do, tie her up? Can we, Sal? I promise it won't be anything else."

Steph didn't wait for an answer. She just reached down and pulled my cock out through the fly of my boxers. I felt Jos's hand join hers and they giggled.

"Damn, Sal," Jos said. "You could hurt someone with this. I guess what they say about white men isn't true!"

"No, I can jump," I told them.

They laughed hysterically. The tension was broken and I just had to get a feel of these girls. I slid my hand inside Jos's pajama top. Her breast was one of the wonders of the world. It was full, big and firm. I could feel a hard nipple on the peak. It wasn't long, but it was fat and sexy as hell. I pinched it and she shivered. Steph had on a tight undershirt and I slid my hand up under it and over one of those titties I had admired so many times in her skimpy little track outfit. It wasn't as big as Jos's, but it was still quite a handful. On her slender frame it felt huge. She had puffy areolas and her nipple was a hard little peak on top. Her shudder was nearly identical to her mother's when I rolled that sweet little nipple. I played with them while they played a lot more seriously with my cock. I warned them before I came and Jos quickly moved down to envelope my cock in her mouth as I came as hard as I ever have in my life. She choked a little but she hung in there like a champ as Steph pumped my shaft into her mother's mouth.

When it was over, Jos moved back up, cleaning her lips with a finger and licking them clean.

"Oh, my God, girls," I was finally able to talk. "Damn you're amazing. Have you two been practicing? I can't believe you took all that Jos!"

"We didn't want a mess to clean up," she grinned. "I've been practicing for years, you Steph?"

"No, that was my third time," she said. "Next time I'll be better. I want to suck him next time, though."

My heart was going pitter-patter. There was going to be a next time! I knew there was going to be a long, difficult talk tomorrow, but right now I was the happiest man on earth. I pulled my two princesses close and we all drifted into dreamland.

When I woke up I was buried under a little mound of brown girls. Two sleeping little angels were still wrapped in my arms. I couldn't feel them because my arms were asleep. I shifted them around a little and they made little protesting sounds and snuggled back in. Life came back to my arms and I pushed the covers down a little so I could look at them. Jos's pajamas were still open and Steph's top was still up. I could see one breast on each girl.

The contrast in black and white looked amazing. Jos wasn't dark complected for a black woman by any means. Her skin was a beautiful dark honey color and her areola was a shade darker. Her fat little nipple was a milk chocolate and I wanted badly to kiss it. Steph was lighter still, just a smooth caramel color. Her areola was nearly invisible. It had just a tint of pink to it but it was a little thicker than the surrounding skin, capped by a cute little nipple of the same color. Her areola and nipple formed a little cone on the tip of breast and just begged to be sucked. I had seen them hard under sports bras before and she was a conversation killer when she walked into a room. They wore their hair in a similar way, bunches of loose curls forming mops on top. Steph wore hers short on the sides so the mop was just on top while Jos had longer sides. I looked at those sleeping faces. They were stunning girls. High cheek bones, slightly hollow cheeks, a strong jawline and aquiline noses made them in the top ten most beautiful women I had ever seen. Their almond shaped eyes tilted up at the outside corners giving them an extremely exotic look. I couldn't believe there were in my bed. I didn't know where this was going but I liked the ride so far.

I eased out from between them and they clutched at me. They looked up at me with sleepy eyes.

"Come back to bed," Jos told me.

"I need to pee," I told them. "I'll fix breakfast and bring it in."

They cuddled up to one another and went back to sleep. I made biscuits and scrambled eggs with sausage patties. I thought about making gravy, but decided it was too messy to eat in bed. I buttered the biscuits and put honey on them. A search turned up a big tray and I poured three tall glasses of milk.

"Wake up, cuties," I said when I carried the tray in. They stretched like big sexy kittens and we put the milk on the bedside tables. They scooted apart and I climbed up between them while Steph held the tray. We fed each other and they got honey on their chins. I licked them clean and they giggled and squirmed. The milk disappeared and Jos put the tray down by her side of the bed.

I cuddled them up and it was time for that talk. I didn't know quite where to begin. I collected my thoughts for a minute. It felt like they were holding their breath, waiting for some bad news. I didn't have any bad news, just a lot of confusion.

"Jos," I began, "I don't know exactly what to ask first. What you two girls got up to last night was very... unusual. You didn't seem to mind Steph being in bed with us and doing sexual things with me. Was that just a onetime thing, or are you really that relaxed about it? Steph, same question for you? What are we doing, exactly? I'll ask more questions later. Who wants to go first?"

"My answer depends on Mom," Steph said. "I'll let her go."
