 Jake came home from work a little early. He did construction and the boss said it was too hot to be out in the sun. Jake had overtime and he had to agree with the boss on this one. It was damned hot.

He went to his room and stripped off his work boots and clothes. He dug out a pair of clean shorts and a t-shirt. He headed for the door but paused as he wondered where Karen was. Was his sister working today or not? He couldn't remember.

He grabbed his bathrobe and slipped it on. With it in place, he headed across the hall to the bathroom he shared with his sister. His parents had a bathroom of their own and there was a guest bathroom at the end of the hall next to the guest room.

Looking around at the clutter everywhere his sister always left out, he sighed and took off the robe. He hung it on the back of the door and snagged a towel out of the linen closet. He hung that on the shower door. He opened the door and entered the shower.

He spent several minutes adjusting the water and then stepped under the spray. The stinging jets felt cool on his overheated body. He sighed and turned around several times. He stuck his head under the spray and rubbed his hair. It felt great. He was finally cooling down.

His bar of soap was buried under his sister's assortment of hair products in the rack. He turned around and started to lather up his chest. The door opened and he said, "Hey, there is someone in here."

The door closed just as fast as it had opened. He didn't see who it was, only a shadowy figure through the frosted glass. It looked female. The hair was darker than his sister's blond color.

"Jenny?" Jake whispered as he continued to soap up his body. Then he wondered why she couldn't hear the water running. "She probably had her earphones on as usual," he said aloud.

He finished his shower and got out to dry off. He was mulling over the question of what looked wrong about the shadowy figure he had seen. Something wasn't right but he couldn't put his finger on it.

He picked up his shorts and snap, he realized what was wrong. The edges of the shadowy figure were too sharp. She didn't have any clothes on. He dropped the shorts back on top of the t-shirt and grabbed his bathrobe. He was putting it on as he opened the door.

He closed it and tied the belt loosely as he headed for his sister's room. He opened the door a crack and said, "Which one of you perverts were peeking at me in the bathroom."

There was a squeal and the sound of a door shutting and then his sister said loudly, "Get out of here."

The squeal was Jenny. He had heard it many times. The sound of a door closing confused him. The only door in his sister's room was the closet door.

He pushed the door open wider and looked inside. "Why is she in the closet?" He asked and then froze. His sister had her back to him and she looked completely naked. Then his eyes focused closer and he saw a thin string across her back with a bow in it and a thin string around her waist.

He did a double take as he saw a third sting disappearing between her cute ass cheeks. His eyes also noted a bow at each hip. "What the hell are you wearing?" He asked a moment later, when he found his voice.

"A bikini," his sister replied.

"Uh, I think they forgot one of the panels in the back."

There was a giggle from the closet and the door opened several inches. Jake could see just Jenny's face as she peeked out. "That isn't all they forgot," she said and then closed the door.

"Shut up Jenny," Karen said sharply.

"Uh, what does that mean?" Jake asked.

"None of your business," Karen said to him. "Now, get out of here."

Jake grinned and said, "Mother is going to have a cat and three kittens if she ever see you in that bikini."

"Make that a dozen kittens," came from the closet.

"Get your ass out of there," Jake said to Jenny.

"I don't think so," Jenny replied and giggled. "I'm, uh, not dressed for company."

"The same bikini that Karen is wearing?" Jake asked.

"In a different color," Jenny replied.

"So like I asked before, which one of you perverts were spying on me?"

"The only pervert around here is my one and only loving friend, Jenny," Karen said as she turned a little more and grinned at her brother.

"Hey now," Jenny said and opened the door a little wider than it had been before. "You're as big a perv as I am."

"You're the one in the closet," Jake pointed out.

"In more ways than one," Karen said with a chuckle.

"What!" Jenny said as she opened the door a little wider.

Jake's eyes searched the dark of the closet but could only see her face, the hand holding the door, and part of the arm. "A little wider, please," he said, referring to the door.

Jenny looked from the door to the doorframe and back several time. A few seconds later she looked down and groaned as she slowly closed the door. "I almost outted myself," she said a moment later.

My sister looked at me and shook her head. "She may have red hair but she's as close to a dumb blond as anyone will ever get."

"Hey now!" Jenny said sharply and opened the door wide.

My eyes grew wide and my mouth dropped open. My sister chuckled and grinned at Jenny. "That shut him down."

Jenny gasped loudly and jumped back in the closet as she shut the door quickly. "Oh shit," she said with a moan in her voice.

"Get back out here," Karen said. "He's already seen about all there is to see."

Jake nodded slowly as pictures of Jenny wearing that almost bikini flashed across my mind. It was lime green and the top was two narrow strips pointed on both ends and less than an inch and a half across. They barely covered her nipples.

The bottom was a little wider and a little longer. It covered her outer lips more or less and came about halfway up her mound. There was a puff of flaming red hair showing all around the top point. "Holy shit!" Jake finally said as his brain unfroze slightly.

Then his head turned and looked at his sister's face. "You're is the same?"

Karen groaned softly and nodded. "Only it is red."

Jake groaned and shook his head. "How does it fit on your boobs? I know they are a lot bigger than Jenny's are."

Karen chuckled and said in the direction of the closet. "Should I show him?"

The closet door popped open and Jenny's head came into view. "I want to watch his face," she said with a big grin.

Jake looked at Jenny and grinned. "You didn't wait around to watch my face when you showed me yours."

Jenny groaned and opened the door. As she stepped out, she said, "That was your sister's fault with the blond comparison."

Jake shivered as his eyes ran up and down Jenny's compact little body. "You have a better body than I ever gave you credit for."

Jenny grinned and said, "Thank you kind sir."

Karen laughed. "He's buttering you up."

"Only if I get to lick it off," Jake said in reply.

Jenny groaned as heavy shivers ran up and down her body. "Be still my heart," she whispered a moment later.

Karen groaned deeply and turned around. Jake's eyes bugged out and his mouth hung open. His sister was a bombshell. Her breasts were twice as big as Jenny's and the two red strips of cloth didn't cover half the dark circles under her nipples.

His eyes dropped lower and he shivered hard. Her waist was narrow but her hips were nicely rounded. The strip of red cloth didn't cover all of her plump lower lips. Everywhere there wasn't red cloth was smoothly shaven.

He groaned deeply and looked at his sister's face. She was grinning from ear to ear. "Mom would kill you absolutely dead," he whispered a moment later.

Jenny giggled and said, "Want to guess what your mother is getting for her birthday next month?"

Jake looked at Jenny and whispered, "No fucking way."

Jenny giggled. "Hers is black."

"Dad will have a heart attack," Jake said as he looked around at his sister.

"More like a hard attack," Karen replied with a big grin.

Jenny giggled and whispered, "You brother already has one of those."

Karen's eyes dripped to the lower front of Jake's robe and she groaned deeply. There was an impressive tent showing below the belt of the robe. "Uh, yeah," she whispered and then looked away.

Jenny giggled again and whispered, "These bikini's are deadly on guys."

"Where are you two planning to wear those?" Jake asked.

"Around my room and under our clothes when we go out partying," Karen said with a glance at Jenny.

Jenny shivered and said, "We're both too shy to wear them anywhere out in public."

"In the pool in the backyard," Jake suggested. "The tall fence would keep you more or less hidden."

Jenny shivered hard and Karen groaned softly. "We had thought of that but...."

"With our luck, your mother or father would come home early and catch us," Jenny said softly.

"Like I came home and caught you," Jake said with a grin as he looked from one mostly naked young woman to the other. "I'm not complaining in the least. You are two hotties if there ever were two."

Jenny giggled. "You don't know how much your eyes are tearing me up."

"Oh, I have a pretty good idea," Jake said and looked at his sister. "How about you?"

"You're my brother," Karen said quickly.

"What has that got to do with it? I'm a guy and I have eyes to see you and boy am I seeing you."

Karen groaned and Jenny giggled. "He does have a point."

"Several of them," Karen whispered as her eyes dropped to the tent in her brother's robe.

"I wonder if they make a bathing suit like these for guys?" Jenny asked as her eyes went to the same place.

"Those wouldn't work for several reasons," Jake said in reply. "They do make a pouch like bathing suit for guys. I don't know how well it would cover if he had a hard-on."

Karen groaned as a vision of her brother in one of those pouch things with half his hard dick sticking out the top crossed her mind. "Yeah," she said with a hiss in her voice.

Jenny walked over to stand next to Karen. She licked her lips and said, "I'm thinking about untying that belt and seeing what pops out."

"He's my brother," Karen protested quickly.

Jenny giggled. "He's not my brother. I'm an only child."

"Sometimes I wish I was also," Karen whispered as she looked up at her brother's face.

"I love you too," Jake said with a grin.

"How about me?" Jenny asked with a catch in her voice.

Jake laughed and said, "Yes, I love you also. Even more so now that I've seen you in that bikini."

Jenny shivered and looked at Karen. "I'm surprised I'm not dripping on the floor."

Karen groaned and whispered, "Too much information."

"I find it interesting," Jake said and licked his lips. "Should I get you a rag or a tongue, maybe? I'd hate for you to mess up the rug."

Jenny groaned as her hips flexed back and forth slowly. "I, I, I," she stammered and groaned even louder.

Karen looked at her brother and shook her head. "Now you've done it."

"Done what?" Jake asked with a confused look on his face.

"Hit on one of her biggest fantasies," Karen replied.

Jenny groaned and whispered, "No, my biggest fantasy is for you to lick me."

"Shut up," Karen said sharply and quickly.

"Ah, now the 'in the closet' comment makes sense," Jake said with a grin. He looked at his sister and asked, "Are you in the closet the same way?"

"No!" Karen said loudly. Jenny giggled and Karen yelled, "Shut up!"

Jake looked at Jenny and smiled. "You can say so much with that giggle of yours."

"And if she says anything more, I swear I'm going to sit on her face," Karen said and then groaned long and loud. She had told on herself.

"This is getting better and better," Jake said and then laughed. "The lesbian leaning girls of Barker Street."

"We're not lesbians. We both like guys," Karen said quickly.

"Okay, the bi leaning girls of Barker Street."

"How does that work exactly?" Jenny asked with a grin in Karen's direction.

"You on your hands and knees with your head between Karen's thighs and a dick up your ass," Jake said quickly.

"Hey now, my ass is virgin territory," Jenny protested.

"I think that was a figure of speech," Karen said with a shiver.

Jake looked at his sister and asked, "How about your ass?"

Karen's eyes grew wide and she said, "That is none of your business."

Jake grinned and said, "That answer says something has been up your ass."

"She likes a finger there when she's coming," Jenny said and then danced away from Karen as Karen took a swing at her.

Jenny laughed and said, "You're the one that let the cat out of the bag. I just clarified things. I didn't want him to think you had been fucked back there."

"I didn't want him to know anything about my ass," Karen said to her friend.

"With a show of hands, who is a virgin?" Jake asked but didn't raise his hand.

Jenny giggled but didn't raise her hand. Karen looked at her brother as if he had two heads. "That is also none of your business," she said a moment later and looked hard at Jenny.

With a grin, Jenny said, "I ain't saying a word."

Jake looked at Jenny and said, "I hope the guy appreciated what you gave him."

Jenny giggled. "There wasn't any guy involved. I lost my virginity to an old hairbrush handle."

Jake did a double take and grinned. "Interesting." He looked at his sister and then back at Jenny. "So you've never had a guy."

Jenny shook her head and then whispered, "Does a finger count?"

"Uh, yes and no," Jake replied. "Yes, if it was a guy's finger."

Jenny giggled and nodded. "Yeah it was."

"Why didn't it go farther?" Jake asked.

"He, uh, had an accident and took me home," Jenny whispered.

Jake laughed and shook his head. "That has been known to happen with inexperienced guys."

"Now you tell me," Jenny said with a twisted smile.

Jake looked at his sister and asked, "Anything live ever been in yours?"

Karen groaned and looked at Jenny. Jenny grinned and Karen groaned again as she shook her head.

Jake looked at Jenny and asked, "The same hairbrush?"

Jenny nodded. "It has six balls for a handle and they rubbed inside so deliciously. It had us both coming at one time or the other in record time."

Jake looked at his sister. "Together or separately."

Karen groaned and shook her head. "Mostly separately."

"I did it first at my house," Jenny said. "The next evening I brought it over here and showed it to your sister. She looked it over but refused to use it with me around."

"You are a pervert," Karen said under her breath.

Jenny grinned at her friend and went on. "The next morning I came over and found the hairbrush on the floor and Karen curled up in a ball. One sniff at the handle told me she had used it."

Karen groaned and said, "Shut up, blabbermouth."

"I'm learning a lot from her little antidotes," Jake said.

"What are you learning?" Karen asked suddenly.

Jake grinned and whispered, "Lots and lots of blackmail material."

"What!" Karen said sharply and Jenny groaned deeply.

Karen looked at her friend and sighed. "I've told you and told you to keep your big mouth shut."

"I, I wasn't thinking about how he might use the information," Jenny said. She looked like she might cry.

Jake said, "Hey now, I was joking so there's no reason to tear up."

Jenny looked at Jake and grinned. "I wasn't tearing up because you might blackmail your sister. I was tearing up because you hadn't offered to blackmail me."

Jake chuckled. "I don't think I would need blackmail with you. All I'd have to do is ask you out on a date and play nice."

Jenny's eyes grew wide and she moaned deeply. "That, that is probably true."

Karen was now looking at her best friend with her mouth hanging open. Jake grinned and said, "Maybe I should ask you out on a date at the same time. So many fantasies could be fulfilled along the way."

Karen looked at her brother and stammered. She finally got her voice under control and said, "I'm you sister."

Jake shrugged. "I don't want to marry you or get you pregnant. I just want the three of us to have some fun together."

Karen's mouth worked but nothing came out. Jenny on the other hand giggled and said, "We could wear these bikinis under our clothes when we go out. It would be so much more exciting if someone besides us knew we were wearing them."

As her mouth closed, Karen looked at Jenny. "You are such a pervert."

Jenny grinned at Karen and looked at Jake. "She's thinking about it."

Jake grinned at Jenny and said, "Since I'll know what you are wearing under your clothes, maybe I should give you a preview of what will be under mine."

With that said, he opened the robe and held it wide. Both young women groaned deeply. He was well muscled and his dick stood up tall and looked thicker than anything either had ever seen. Jake grinned and closed the robe. Both young women made whimpering sounds as he did. Then he turned and walked out of his sister's room, closing the door as he went.

He paused and listened for a moment. Jenny groaned and said, "I don't think that brush handle will do the job anymore."

"I, uh, we, uh, him," Karen stammered and then groaned deeply. "Oh, the trouble we are in."

Jenny giggled and said, "I'm hoping more for the trouble to be in me."

"He's my brother," Karen said sharply and then groaned again. "I think both of us need to go to the clinic and get something for birth control."

Jenny laughed. "That sounds like a plan to me."