 I went to my sister's house on a Saturday morning with a box of surveillance and recording equipment from my job.

For some backstory, here's how my sister pulled me into this mess: 

Stephanie works as an investigative reporter for our city's most popular evening news. She had been getting tips that Mayor O'Mally was a criminally corrupt politician who regularly attended cult-like gatherings. In an effort to expose the whole thing and become a famous reporter, she wanted to break the story. She wanted to sneak in and record everything, then claim that her source gave her the recordings.

On the other hand, I work as a salesman for a security company.

Naturally, she worked her older-sister-charm and hustled me into joining her crazy plot. As a brother, how could I refuse? Someone had to keep her safe. Someone had to keep her from doing anything too dangerous.

After a few knocks on her door, she answered wearing a large tshirt and sweatpants. She wasn't wearing any makeup and her hair was a slight mess. It was weird seeing her so casual. I had become accustomed to seeing her look professional at all times. 

"Thanks for coming," she smiled. "And thanks for bringing all this stuff."

"Don't mention it," I replied. "I brought the smaller devices, just like you asked."

I took off my shoes and put the box inside of her living room, while she closed the front door. My eyes wandered her living room, which looked more like a police detective's office. There was a board with pictures and documents posted on it. There were papers and financial documents spread across her carpet. It was like something out of a movie.

"Want some coffee or breakfast?" she asked. 

"I'm fine. I didn't realize that you were putting so much work into this."

We stood side by side while I continued looking around. 

"It's part of investigative journalism. It's hard work."

"I can see that. It looks like you've got everything worked out. Those documents you gave me were really something. And now your house looks like a police station with all this stuff around."

"If you're going after powerful figures, then you better know your shit," my sister said bluntly. "O'Mally has some of the best lawyers in the state, so I have to make sure my reporting is airtight. There's no room for errors."

"I've read all the documents you've sent me. It does look like a solid case so far."

"Exactly. I'm glad you agree. I've already given small hints to my boss about this story."

"What did he say?"

"He said that if the evidence is strong, and my information is credible, then I'll be featured on the evening news for several nights. It'll be a multi-part investigative piece at the top of the hour. It could be big."

"Sounds impressive," I replied. 

"Speaking of impressive," she said, pointing to the board. "Take a look at this."

On the board were maps and layouts of a building. My sister had done her research on everything. 

"I'm assuming that's where the gathering is going to happen," I said.

"Exactly. My source has given me a wealth of information."

"And if we get caught?"

"They'll probably just throw us out. What else are they going to do?"

"I can think of a lot of things."

Stephanie gave me her older sister look. "O'Mally is a lot of terrible things, but he won't have us killed, if that's what you're afraid of."

"Okay, fine."

"There's another thing. As it turns out, we'll be searched, a light search. No metal detectors, but we'll be patted down. I just found that out a while ago"

"So we'll need small recorder devices."

She smiled, "Exactly. What do you have?"

I reached inside the box that I brought and pulled out a small wire.

"This could work," I said, holding out the wire. 

"Does it work well?"

"It does," I replied. "The audio quality is great. It's the latest technology when it comes to recording."

"Have you ever put it on a person before? You know, the way that the police put wires on people."

"No. I've never done anything like that before."

Without a hint of warning, Stephanie pulled off her tshirt and revealed her upper body to me. She was wearing a white bra and it was the first time that I had ever seen so much of her skin. It caught me completely off guard. 

"We'll have to find a way to hide it here," she said, pointing to her bra.

"Jeez, Steph, a little warning next time?"

"What's the matter? You've never seen a pair of tits before?" she asked playfully.

"Of course I have."

I took the wire and awkwardly came close to her body. She looked straight ahead and avoided eye contact with me. It was the first time I had ever seen her partially bare body so up close before. Her skin looked incredibly soft and smooth. Her body was toned since she was a fitness fanatic. 

The only way of concealing the wire inside of her bra, in an accessible way, was by wrapping the wire around her strap. I gently pulled the front of my sister's bra in order to wrap the wire around. I tried not to be intrusive about it, since it was my sister, but there was no other way. 

When I pulled her bra further to wrap the wire around, I caught a slight glimpse of her pink nipple. It was arousing to see, even though she was my older sister. I needed to pull further and I saw a little more of her pink nipple. 

When I finished, I let go and took a step back. 

"There," I said. "It's done. Security probably won't find it unless they do a strict pat-down, or if they use a metal detector."

"Get a good look?"

"Huh?"

"Nevermind," she said with a faint smile. "This should do. Is the wire hard to activate?"

"No. It's simple. Just twist the microphone and it should record. I'll teach you the technical details later."

Stephanie walked over to a full length mirror next to her front door. She examined herself in her bra, with the wire tucked around her chest. 

Her sweatpants were tight and I got a nice look at her rear end. She looked really sexy as she modeled herself in the mirror. I almost felt embarrassed for admiring her beauty.

"Looks good," she said, turning towards me. "I can barely notice it. This should get us past security without a problem."

"And what about recording O'Mally? Are you sure you'll be able to get evidence against him without getting caught in the process?"

"Don't worry about that. I've got the whole thing figured out."

"Good."

"One more thing," she added.

"What?"

She smiled, "You can stop looking at my boobs now."

After making the playful comment, she grabbed her tshirt and put it back on. I felt embarrassed, but she was obviously teasing me. She always loved being the pushy older sister.

***

One week later. There was a knock on my door early in the morning, just as I was preparing to go to work. When I looked through the peephole, I saw my sister. It was rare that she would ever make an unannounced visit. 

When I opened the door to let her in, she carried a small box inside my house. She was dressed in casual loose clothing since she didn't have to appear on tv until the evening.

"What's that?" I asked, closing the door.

Stephanie made her way to my small living room and put the box down. She opened it and held up two gold masks.

"These are our masks for the gathering this Saturday," she said, still holding the masks. "We wear the masks at all times. It's part of the rules, and of course, to protect our super secret identities."

"I've always wanted to be a secret agent."

"Here's your chance," she smiled.

I looked inside the box and saw a thin black outfit.

"Is that what we're going to wear?" I asked.

A sudden look of nervousness came over her face. She was never very good at hiding her emotions. Stephanie put the masks down on the table and looked directly at me.

"I have good news and bad news. What do you want to hear first?"

That sentence felt like a shot in the gut. Our mission hadn't even started yet and there was already bad news. By the look on her face, I could tell the bad news was really bad.

I shook my head. "Give me the good news first."

"Well, the good news is that my source has given me all of the security details. I have the secret password and everything. I also know O'Mally's schedule for the night, which means that I'll know when to plant the device. You'll be wearing this outfit to blend in with the other men."

"Okay. Great. So what's the bad news?"

She took a deep breath. "The female guests are required to be naked at all times. Including me."

My head immediately swirled with emotions. I had so many thoughts that I didn't know what to think. Was I supposed to be excited to see a wide array of beautiful naked women, including my own sister? Or was I supposed to feel repulsed like a normal person would, because my sister would be naked in front of me?

"What are you going to do?" I asked, unsure of what else to say.

She gave me a determined look. "What do you think I'm going to do? Everything is in place for a blockbuster story. I'm not giving up when we're so close."

"Steph, think about this for a minute. You're going to be naked in front of all those people. And in front of me. I know you better than anyone else. Trust me, you're not going to be able to do it. You're going to get nervous at the last minute and freak out. We should quit while we still can."

"That's exactly why we need practice," she said with determination. 

"Practice?"

Stephanie gave me a sharp expression. "Look, I'm doing this no matter what. Do you want to help me, or not?"

Once again I found myself boxed in. If I refused, I would be the horrible younger brother. Even worse, if she had gotten caught, then I would feel extremely guilty because I didn't help her, or protect her.

"I'm in," I reluctantly agreed. 

A faint smile grew on her face. "Now we have to make this look natural. We have to be comfortable around each other. Most important of all, I have to be comfortable being naked, otherwise I'm going to look suspicious."

"Please don't tell me you're going to get..."

"Naked?" she asked, finishing my sentence. "What's the problem?"

"You're my sister," I replied. "That's the problem. It's a big problem, too."

"That didn't stop you from staring at my nipple last week when you hid the wire inside my bra."

Damn, she was good. I didn't have a rebuttal for that. She had caught me looking.

"What exactly do you want to do?" I asked.

"Dress rehearsal time. You wear that outfit and your mask. And I'll get naked with only my mask on. It'll help get rid of the nervous energy. The more relaxed we become, the more we'll blend in at the gathering."

"Do I have a choice in all this?"

"No. You don't. I'm in charge of this investigation. If you're on board, then you take orders from me. Got it?"

"Yes ma'am," I sarcastically replied. 

Stephanie reached inside the box and handed me the black outfit, along with a gold mask. 

"Go to the kitchen and put this on," she said. "When you come out, I'll be... you know... ready. Don't be surprised by what you see."

"I'll try not to."

There was nervousness on my sister's face. She tried to be brave, but I could tell how daunting this was for her. I turned around and went to the kitchen to change my clothes. I heard my sister begin to undress, which was awkward. I quickly wore the black outfit. Then I put on the mask. 

Before I went back to the living room, I remembered that Stephanie was going to be naked. In a way I felt bad for her, knowing how extremely uncomfortable it must be. But at the same time, a part of me was both curious and excited to see her naked body for the very first time.

"I'm coming out now," I warned as a courtesy.

"I'm ready," she replied.

After a deep breath, I walked towards the living room and saw my sister completely naked. Aside from the gold mask covering her face, there was nothing on her body. From her bare feet, to her bare thighs, to her cleanly shaven crotch, to her midsection, up to her breasts, she was exposed. 

What struck me the most was that Stephanie had a body which could rival most professional models. Her figure was long and lean. Every curve was perfect. Her breasts were small and upturned, with stiff pink nipples. I couldn't tell if her nipples were always that erect, or if it was stiff because of its exposure.

She briefly held her hands up. "What do you think?"

"You look... you look... beautiful."

I couldn't tell how she reacted because of the mask which covered her face and I found myself wondering what she was thinking. 

"Come here," she said. "Stand next to me and let's face the mirror."

I got closer to her and we stood mask to mask. I got to see her naked body just inches away. Then we both turned to look at the mirror near the door. It was a creepy sight. Both of us were wearing gold masks. I was in a black outfit, and my sister was completely naked.

"This is the most bizarre thing I've ever done in my life," I said.

"I feel the same way. I've been a part of a lot of investigations, but I've never done anything like this before."

"When this is over, our relationship will never be the same again."

She turned to look at me, with her mask covered face. "Because I make you aroused?"

Her tone was joking and playful, but it made me blush.

***

Saturday. It was the night of the gathering. My sister and I were in the back of a small limo we rented. I was wearing my black outfit. My sister was completely naked sitting next to me with her high heels on. We were both wearing our gold masks. Every so often I would glance at my sister's nude body through the corner of my eye, with my face still forward. With the gold mask on, I don't think she noticed, at least I hope she didn't.

When we arrived at our destination, which was in a secluded area surrounded by the forest, Stephanie tipped the limo driver a hundred bucks for his discretion. Frankly, I don't think he needed it. Seeing my sister's stunning naked body was worth his services for the night. The driver had clear instructions to pick us up at 11 pm, when our plan was expected to be finished.

My sister and I walked towards a large mansion, which was owned by a wealthy businessman with close ties to O'Mally. There were several other people making their way to the mansion as well. The other guests were all wearing gold masks to conceal their identities. The men wore the same black outfit that I was wearing, and all of the other women were naked like my sister, with heels or shoes on their feet. 

When we reached the main entrance, we were stopped by two large guards, also wearing gold masks. They handed us a piece of paper and a pen, and asked for the password.

My sister took the pen and paper and wrote down the password.

The guards looked at the paper and accepted it. They told us that no electronics or recording devices were allowed, and that our phones had to be left with them at the main gate. I handed the guards a phone which my sister had provided me earlier. It was new and un-activated, but my sister felt that bringing a phone would make us less suspicious, since other guests would have phones as well.

After giving me a quick pat-down, the guard gestured towards the event.

"The gathering is out back," the guard said. "Walk through the front entrance of the residency, then keep walking straight until you reach the backyard area. Enjoy yourselves."

We thanked the guards and proceeded. The gathering was surreal to see. Naked women were everywhere, who are of all adult ages. Everyone had their masks on. People were openly having sex. There was a large tree and a pond at the center of the gathering. The gathering was lit by moonlight and by small fires from burning wood. Stephanie was right, the entire event had a cult-like vibe to it. 

"What now?" I asked my sister.

"Now, we just act natural. Let's walk around, casually. We don't have an opportunity yet."

We slowly, and casually, walked around the gathering while people were openly having sex or making conversations with each other. 

***

An hour later. The opportunity my sister was waiting for had finally arrived. We casually walked to a small building on the property, which was used for guest bedrooms and meetings. Other people were there having sex in the bedrooms. 

When it was clear, I handed Stephanie a small recording device that I hid inside my outfit, and she slipped inside the conference room and planted the device. Our fingerprints were wiped clean and the device was untraceable. We weren't planning to come back for it. The recordings would be sent directly to a secure encrypted location, which Stephanie and I would have access to. 

Watching Stephanie plant the device was a nerve-wracking experience. I'll admit, I was terrified of getting caught, but my sister was brave the whole time. There also something so sexy about watching her do something so dangerous while she was naked. Every muscle in her body seemed to tense and her nipples became even harder. I could see her chest heaving, making her breasts move slightly. I wondered if she was afraid, or if she was partially aroused. 

After she planted the device in the room, she came back to me. I never got tired of looking at Stephanie's naked body. She was gorgeous. 

"It's done," she said.

"Let's get the fuck out of here."

"Great idea. That limo driver better show up on time, or else I'll be stuck naked on the street."

"Trust me, with a body like yours, he'll be here on time."

I could almost sense my sister smile through her gold mask.

We made our way through the spacious backyard of the massive property. We headed towards the mansion and we had to walk through the sexual gathering once again. The other guests were still doing the same things. Many people were making conversation, others were openly engaged in sexual activity. 

Suddenly, a loud bell rang several times while my sister and I were at the center of the gathering. I was terrified that we had been busted. But we weren't.

A man in a large gold mask, wearing a red robe, stood on a small stage. He was holding a gold cup. Everyone stopped what they were doing and paid attention to the red robed man.

"Good evening ladies and gentlemen," the man said loudly to the crowd of people. "I'm so glad that all of you are here tonight."

Stephanie leaned to my ear and whispered, "That's him. It's fucking him."

She never said a name, but I could tell by the tone in her voice that the man on stage was O'Mally. 

"Tonight we celebrate the beauty of life," O'Mally said loudly to the crowd. "Life is short and it is precious. It can also be cruel and painful. But here, within this area, we can appreciate all that life has to offer. I'm very pleased to see that many of you are already in the process of indulging yourselves in the flesh of other human beings. Exploring another person's body is one of the great joys in life. So, I would like to propose a toast-- to the human body."

People cheered and O'Mally took a drink of whatever was in his cup. Other people in the crowd who had drinks also raised their glasses to toast.

O'Mally continued, "Dinner will be served shortly. It will be a great feast, I promise you. But before that, I think it's time for the women here to have their appetizers, and to take their rightful place on their knees, servicing the man they're with."

"Fucking sexist pig," Stephanie whispered in my ear.

O'Mally continued, "I would like every woman here to find a man to pleasure. No expectations. Have a good time."

The crowd erupted in cheers and all of the women in the area assumed the identical sexual position-- on their knees in front of other men.

"Oh shit," Stephanie gasped.

"What do we do?" I asked. 

"Start walking towards the mansion before anyone notices us leaving."
