 Author's Foreword:

A story from the digital 'pen' of Ciguardian...

Author's Note:  Not that it matters, but this story has its roots in actual events that occurred in my eighteenth year and beyond. The names have been changed to protect the guilty, but the essence of my 'cumming of age' remains the truth.

Warning -- There's plenty of sex in this story, and all persons participating in said sex are at least eighteen years of age. But it'll take you awhile to get there. If you want a two-page 'stroke' story, hit the back button.

Warning -- As my pen-name, 'Ciguardian' might suggest, both of the main characters in this story smoke -- and the tale will go a long way toward explaining the link between sex and smoking that appears in most of my stories. If that's going to bother you, hit your back button. Why irritate yourself?

I'm in my sixties, now, and -- as I look back over the years -- one thing I've learned is that this thing we call 'life' can throw you some true curves, amidst its ups and downs. Still, if you keep open, some of those curves can lead to unexpected pleasures -- such as the ones that I experienced in the arms of my mother...

Actually, Lisa wasn't my birth mother. I was only eighteen months old, and my birth mother was starting to transition me from breast milk to formula. She had left me with the next-door neighbor lady for a short while, to make a trip to the grocery store for more formula, when a drunk driver barreled through a traffic light at over sixty miles per hour, crashing into her. That was long before Detroit even thought of including seat belts, in cars, and Mom never stood a chance.

Dad mourned Mom, but life goes on and he had to work for the money we needed, in order to keep the house and keep food on the table. Yeah, there was an insurance settlement as a result of the accident, and it was a healthy one, since the man who'd plowed into Mom was drunk at work, but Dad put that into a savings account for my eventual college funding.

In the meanwhile, he put an ad in the local newspaper for a 'nanny' to watch over me while he worked. Lisa was the girl who answered the ad. She was a good twelve years younger than Dad (my folks had waited until they were in their mid-thirties, to have me) but she was beautiful, vivacious, and sexy. Eventually, a relationship developed between them and, when I was just shy of five, they married. She was the only mother that I had any memory of and, thus, she was my mother in every way a mom and son can relate to each other -- save, perhaps, the sort of bonding that would have come, had she been the one to nurse me at her breast.

For her part, she took joy in the fact that I considered her to be everything 'Mom' that could be, in my life. I never called her anything but 'Mom', and she became my best friend and closest confidant. She knew -- and kept -- all my secrets, except for the one that I never told her about. That secret, of course, was one I hadn't even known I'd harbored, until I was about sixteen. It was the fact that I was madly, terribly, head-over-heels in love with her in ways that most of society would have frowned upon.

Just after I turned fourteen, we took a vacation trip to Colorado, and Dad fell in love with the mountains and the other scenery. During the vacation, Dad found a new job in Colorado Springs and, before the summer ended, we had moved there. More, on that, later in this story...

When I was a month shy of seventeen, an incident happened that changed the course of our lives. Part of my weekly household chores was to help Mom with the housework. She dusted, and I vacuumed the carpets and wet-mopped the bare floors. I also helped with the laundry. One Saturday morning, I went into their bedroom and emptied each of their hampers into a pair of laundry baskets, separating lights from darks.

Dad was out on the golf course, with his usual Saturday morning foursome, and that was a good thing. In the midst of emptying his hamper, I pulled out a sport shirt and caught a whiff of a strange aroma. I brought the shirt to my nose to investigate more closely. The aroma turned out to be a woman's perfume, and that was a problem.

There was only one perfume Mom liked, a heady musk- and vanilla-based scent called 'Tabú.' It was the scent I associated, with her, from my earliest childhood memories. And, if there was ever a more appropriate 'cosmic coincidence' in the universe (given the name of that fragrance and the nature of this story) I have yet, in all my sixty-plus years, to find it.

The perfume that clung to Dad's shirt was definitely not Tabú, nor could I imagine any reason why it should be that strong on his clothing. Then I recalled the fact that Dad usually came home from the real estate office where he worked, found Mom, and gave her a hug and kiss prior to heading for their bedroom to change clothes. On Tuesday, the day he'd worn that particular color sport shirt, he'd broken the pattern and gone straight from the front door to the bedroom, changing clothes before he sought out Mom. As I thought more closely on that afternoon, I recalled that he'd made a lengthy stop in the bathroom, as well, grabbing a shower -- and later citing a sweaty afternoon of re-arranging furniture at the office as his reason.

I brought the shirt to Mom's attention and, after a time where she locked herself in the bedroom and I'd heard the sound of sobbing, she came out and sat me down to have a talk.

"I've suspected, for some time, that your father has been cheating on me," she said, pausing a moment to light a cigarette. "I've caught him, once or twice, with lipstick on his... dipstick... that I knew I hadn't left, there..."

"Lipstick on his dipstick, Mom?" I couldn't help but laugh at her choice of expression, despite the sad nature of the situation. "Where did you come up with that one?"

"You mean, you haven't heard that one in the locker room, at school?"

"Of course, I have," I admitted. "I just didn't think that you knew it, too!"

"Well, I do, but that's not the point. The point is, your dad's cheating on me, and I really have to do something about it. I can't live, like this."

I was plenty old enough to understand what 'cheating' was. I'd seen it played out in countless television shows, and I knew that it usually signaled that a marriage was about to come to an abrupt and at least psychologically painful end. That much foreign perfume on the shoulder and collar of a man's shirt was a definite hallmark of a cheating husband. The only thing that remained was for Mom to decide what she wanted to do, about the situation.

"I'll understand, if you want to divorce him," I told her.

"I will, honey, but not just yet," she answered.

"Why not?"

"Because I'm afraid I'd lose you, Baby," she shook her head. "That's why not."

"Doesn't the mother always get custody of the kids, in a divorce?" I asked her. That's what had happened in the case of four or five kids I knew, at school, whose parents had divorced. In two of the instances, it had resulted in my losing friends, as the mother moved out of state, back to wherever she was originally from, and took her kids with her.

"Honey, despite the fact that I've been here for all but the first eighteen months of your life, I'm just your stepmother. Your dad's the one who'd get custody of you," she told me, sighing disconsolately. "So, if I move to divorce your dad now, I'd lose you in a heartbeat, and that would just about kill me."

"Is there any way to get around that?" I asked her. "Dad and I have never been all that close, and there's no way I want to go with him, no matter how much money he has, after seeing how he's hurt you."

"There's a way, Baby," she nodded, "but it isn't going to be easy, and it'll take a long time to accomplish. And it'll require some help, from you."

"Name it!" I told her. "I'll do anything, for you, and you know it!"

"We wait until you're close to turning eighteen," Mom explained. "Once you're that old, you could legally move out on your own, and neither your dad nor I could do a thing to stop you. There wouldn't be any 'custody' issue, for a judge to decide."

"Sounds like a plan, to me," I nodded.

"But it also means that -- in the meanwhile -- we have to act like we don't know that he's cheating on me. We can't let anything slip. It'll be harder, for me, because -- if he wants me, in the bedroom -- there will only be so many times I can fake having a headache, so that I don't to have to have sex with him. But my love for you is strong enough that -- if I keep that centered in my thoughts -- I can get through just about anything -- including spreading my legs for that piece of shit!"

So, that was the way we played it, and Mom was right. It wasn't easy for me to act at all normal, around him. I wanted to yell and scream and swear at him, but I didn't. I wanted to take my old Louisville Slugger bat -- the one he'd bought me for my tenth birthday -- and beat him over the head with it, but I couldn't. Mom, at least, lucked out. Apparently, Dad had some sort of 'agreement' with the strumpet that he was currently banging -- the secretary at the real estate brokerage that Dad had bought out, a year earlier -- that only she got his cock, now that they were a 'couple,' and so he never bothered Mom for sex.

Oh, they still 'did it' a few times a year -- on Christmas Eve and again on New Year's Eve, and then around his and her birthdays and their wedding anniversary. Those were days when, historically, they'd always had sex, and it would be 'out of character' for either of them not to expect it on those 'special' occasions.

The months dragged wearily past, she and I got through our long 'waiting period,' and it was time. Mom filed the divorce complaint in November, just two weeks before the Thanksgiving holiday. Unfortunately, a series of 'timing' snafus occurred in rapid sequence.

Mom had been working on the divorce complaint with one of the senior partners in a reputable local law firm, and she'd asked that the complaint actually be filed at the county courthouse on a specific Monday. 'Filing' was simply a matter of someone from the firm walking the document over to the courthouse and presenting it to one of the clerks in the 'Clerk of Courts' office. The clerk would look over the document, making sure that everything was in order, and then record the necessary information -- Lisa Phelps, Plaintiff, versus David Phelps, Respondent -- into the court record system, issue the case a docket number, and assign a judge to hear the case.

Once that's done, and the clerk stamps the petition and affixes his or her seal to it, the 'filing' process is complete. All that is left is for the papers to be given to a process server. A process server is an individual who works either for the courts, for a specific law firm, or for an independent process-serving agency. It's the process server's job to track down a respondent and physically hand them the legal papers. The server is an officer of the courts, technically, and can be called on to testify that he or she did, in fact, serve the papers on an individual. This process prevents any respondent from ignoring a summons to appear in court, saying, "I never got the summons. It must have gotten lost, in the mail."

Mom instructed her attorney that she wanted Dad to be served on a specific Friday. She knew that Dad would be pissed, and head straight for home. Mom had arranged with her boss to get Friday of that week off, giving her a three-day weekend. That would allow her to be home on Friday and oversee what property he might take out of the house, and also see that he didn't damage either the house or items that didn't belong to him. She also had a locksmith scheduled to come to the house on that Friday, to replace all of the locks and change the code on the garage door opener, so that Dad could no longer access the house until after she and I moved out.

As I said, several 'snafus' occurred in the timing of events -- and 'snafu' is a military acronym for 'Situation Normal; All Fucked Up' -- that resulted in things not going at all according to Mom's carefully calculated plan.

First, the senior partner handling Mom's case placed the completed petition next to a stack of documents needing to be filed at the courthouse, but not in the stack. Then he got called out of the office on another, unrelated, matter. While he was out, one of the first-year associates -- who'd drawn the short straw, that day, and had the duty of taking the day's collection of petitions to the courthouse for filing -- came past and asked the partner's secretary if her boss had anything to be filed. The secretary checked her boss's desk, found the pile -- and Mom's petition, sitting next to it -- and handed them all to the associate. Thus, the 'special instructions' for filing Mom's petition were not followed.

The associate took the petitions to the courthouse, filed them, returned to the law offices with the filed copies, and submitted them to another secretary whose job it was to make copies of the documents and send the copies off to the process server.

As a result, Dad wound up being served on Tuesday -- four days ahead of the date Mom had set for his being notified that she was divorcing him -- and she was not alerted to the fact.

Wednesday, I arrived home from school to find that my bedroom had been emptied. A note, taped to the bedroom door, informed me that all of my belongings were now at Joan's house (Joan being his secretary, the woman whom Dad had been banging behind Mom's back), where I would be living from that point, on. The mattress in the master bedroom had been slashed to ribbons -- on both sides -- and all of Mom's clothing had been dumped onto a sheet of plastic on the bedroom floor, and a can of red paint poured out onto them. The cushions on the couch -- which was the only other place in the house that was fit for sleeping -- had also been slashed beyond use.

I called the police, and reported the vandalism. Following that, I called Mom, at work, and let her know. She was home, an hour later. By that time, two police detectives were busily taking notes and photographs to record the vandalism. They also photographed the note on my bedroom door, and then bagged it as evidence. Of course, Dad's fingerprints were all over it, and it was plainly his handwriting. That resulted in an order for Dad's arrest, on the vandalism charges. I guess he figured that, since it was his house, he had the right to do what he did, and it couldn't be called vandalism.

Meanwhile, Mom called her attorney, and demanded that he come to the house and see, in person, what his office's foul-up had caused.

"I don't care what you do, but you need to see to it that my son's things are returned to the house by week's end, and that's final!" she told him, as he surveyed both the damaged furniture and clothing and my empty bedroom. "And there better not be any bills for the time it takes you to manage it. Your office screwed up, and that's what caused this problem, in the first place! As far as I'm concerned, you can eat the extra costs!"

Fortunately, the attorney had advised Mom to do a bit of banking before filing, and Mom had opened savings and checking accounts -- and a MasterCard -- in her name, only, and then drained most of the joint savings and checking accounts into the new ones. She'd also taken care of moving my college-money to another account. This was back in the days before cash machines and electronic banking, so the only way Dad would have found out about it was when the bank statement came in, and Mom had carefully calculated the timing on everything so that what she needed to do would all have been handled before Dad was served. She'd handled the banking chores two weeks earlier.

As soon as the attorney left -- with his marching orders -- we headed for The Citadel, the big mall in Colorado Springs, where she bought me enough new clothing to last me for a week, until I got the rest of my things back. We purchased a week's worth of outfits for Mom, too. Her chef's whites were cleaned by the hotel's laundry, and she stored them in a locker at the hotel where she worked, so she had her work clothes. The week's worth of casual outfits that we bought, for her, would give us time to shop and replace the rest of her wardrobe.

We also hit a store to replace the mattress and get a new couch, and we stayed in a motel for two days until the items could be delivered and the locksmith could get his work done. That would ensure that any future vandalism would also have to include a broken window or a bashed-in door. The attorney lent Mom the services of one of the four accountants in his office, to keep a running list of all of the expenses connected with Dad's vandalism, for submission when that case (separate from the divorce) came to trial. I would have loved to be the fly on the wall, the day the two detectives showed up at the real estate office with a warrant for Dad's arrest.

As far as getting my things back was concerned, it turned out not to be that easy. Dad asserted his legal right to custody of me, and Mom had to file a suit to retain custody of me at our current home. That made her the plaintiff, and Dad the respondent, when the matter went before a judge in Family Court. I had to take the day off from school, which meant missing a mid-term exam and having to take a make-up test, in order to appear at the hearing and make my own plea.

Mom pleaded her case, and then Dad pleaded his -- which rested solely on the fact that Lisa was my stepmother.

Since she wasn't my birth mother, Dad insisted, she had absolutely no right whatsoever, to custody of me. And I think that the judge was starting to side with Dad, as the biological parent, when -- after sitting in the gallery for most of an hour, watching the proceedings -- I finally got to my feet.

"Your Honor?" I addressed the judge, "Since I'm the person whose fate is being debated, in this matter, do I get to weigh in on any of it?"

"Technically, you're out of order, but you've at least tried to show respect for the court, so I'll let your interruption slide," the judge answered. "What's on your mind, son?"

"Well, I don't recall a whole lot, before I was four or five, but Mom's the one who's always been there, for me. She was my nanny before she became my stepmom, and that started when I was eighteen months old. Dad's seldom home and, even when he's home, he really can't be bothered with me. He's either reading a book, or watching television, or on the phone with a client, or something. Mom was the one who taught me baseball and basketball, because Dad either didn't have the time or simply couldn't be bothered. Mom's the one who gives me a hand with homework, or studying, when I'm stumped by something, because -- again -- Dad can't be bothered.

"As far as Mom only being my stepmother goes, she's been my stepmother since I was three years old. I don't recall any 'mother,' except her, in my life. I don't remember my real mother -- my birth mother. I've never even seen a photograph of her, because Dad's apparently either thrown them away or hidden them in a box in the attic. This lady," I pointed at Lisa, "has been in my life for as long as I can remember. She's the only mother that I know.

"Dad's been cheating, on her for well over a year, and she doesn't deserve to be treated like that. She finally got tired of being shamed by it, and filed to divorce him. She even gritted her teeth and put up with all of his cheating for over a year, trying to wait it out until I was close enough to eighteen that I wouldn't get ripped away from her -- so that we could still be a part of each other's lives.
