 Nora Fleming waited anxiously for her son Darrin to arrive home from his summer job at the landscaping business he worked at with his two friends. Her son had just recently graduated from high school, and the eighteen year old was trying to earn extra college money with his summer off. 

Nora could not have been prouder of her son when he had graduated with honors and gotten a scholarship to the state university. She had wanted to give him something special for his graduation, but the money was tight right now for the family. 

Like his father he had been big into sports, playing both basketball and football. Constantly working out at the local gym where he had a part-time job to pay for the membership. Unlike his father, Darrin preferred his evenings at home, not at poker games or work. Spending his evenings with her watching television

Nora had been feeling depressed she could not reward her attentive son with something. When the vacation contest flier had shown up in her mail, she had instantly filled out the form and sent it back. She had been shocked when she had gotten a reply back in only days.

She had won, or more precisely, Darrin had won. Round trip tickets and a one week stay at Vacation Isle. Having never heard of the resort, Nora was surprised to find it was a small island off the coast of Nassau in the Bahama's. 

Now, she was going to give him the letter with the prize voucher. Her only concern was the trip was for two. That meant Darrin needed to choose who would go with him. The thought of some young girl enjoying a week alone with her son, sent a tremor through her body. What was she thinking?

When she heard the back kitchen door open, she rose and walked to the open door. She watched as Darrin stripped off his sweat soaked shirt in the small laundry room off the kitchen. The vision of his chiseled abs filled her eyes, and then her gaze traveled over the strong biceps

Shuddering, the mother felt a warmth form in the gusset of her panties at the sight of her half nude son. Not now, she begged. She stepped into the kitchen.

"Hey sweetie" Nora called out.

"Oh hey mom" Darrin replied. He made no attempt to hide his bare chest as he stepped into the kitchen.

"Honey" Nora started hesitantly. "I know I didn't get you much for your graduation."

"Mom" Darrin interrupted her. "I told you I don't need anything, I have everything I want right here."

Nora shivered as she watched her sons glance travel over the swell of her blouse, the dark bra she wore more than evident through the thin material. Nervously she swallowed.

"Here" Nora thrust the letter out. "This is for you."

Darrin took the paper and began to read. His eyes grew wider the further he got through the note.

"Are you serious?" he asked. "This says a week at a Bahama resort."

"Well" Nora told him. "Not exactly a resort, more like a bed and breakfast". She stepped next to her son to see the paper. The smell of his sweat began filling her nostrils.

"It also isn't exactly the Bahama's either" she told her son. "It's a small private island near them."

"Mom" Darrin cleared his throat. "This sounds more like a romantic getaway." He looked at his mother, trying desperately not to look at the creamy flesh now showing through the gap in her blouse. "You should take dad."

"Baby, this is for you." Nora insisted. "Besides" she added ruefully. "I don't think your father would even go."

Darrin knew better than to press the issue with his mother. Deep down, he also had the suspicion she was right. While outwardly the loving family, things had definitely been cooler in the Fleming house the last few years. To the point Darrin wondered if his father was maybe getting a little something on the side.

"You can pick who goes with you sweetie" Nora rushed to fill the silence. "Maybe take one of your work friends. Or some...uh...some girl you like." Nora swallowed hard as the words finally came out.

Darrin stood silently and stared at his mother for a few moments. Slowly he folded the paper and slid it into the pocket of his jeans.

"Here's the deal" Darrin spoke slowly and deliberate. "I'll take the vacation, on one condition." He looked his mother in the eyes. "I pick who goes with me, no arguments."

Nora nodded quickly. "Of course sweetie." She gushed. "I love you baby, I want you to enjoy."

"Oh I will" Darrin answered softly, his eyes never leaving his mother.

As her son stepped away and began to head to his room and shower, Nora couldn't contain herself anymore.

"Do you know who honey?" she asked as she watched her son.

"That's easy mom" Darrin answered as he turned to look at his mother. "The only one I will go with is you." 

Nora stood in stunned silence as her son headed up the stairs. He couldn't be serious, she thought. Then, with a violent shudder, the idea of a week on a tropical island with her son exploded in her mind.

Later that evening, the trip was brought to Darrin's father. While he wasn't totally surprised by his father's reaction, Nora was shocked when her husband readily agreed to the pair going. She first found him almost all too eager to get them out of the house for a week, but the thought quickly disappeared as plans were made.

Darrin told his mother he had already gone online and registered for the prize in his name. The arrangements were made for the following week. Nora was still stunned her son would demand she be the one going, but knew she couldn't argue having made the deal earlier with him.

The following week seemed almost like a whirlwind as the pair readied for the trip. Darrin made vacation arrangements with his boss, who congratulated him on winning such a great prize. Nora spent her time slowly packing, choosing carefully what she would bring. The airline only allowed one bag, and she had to pick. Shorts and light blouses were easy. Her disappointment at her old one piece swimming suit was put aside as she realized there was neither the time nor the money for a replacement.

Finally ready, Darrin carried the bags into the terminal with his mother at his side, as his father seemed in a great hurry to get back to the house. Darrin chuckled to himself. He knew why his father wanted them out of the house. Have your fun dad, Darrin thought. While you tomcat around, your little mouse is going to have the time of her life the young man thought.

Nora fidgeted in the seat next to her son during the flight. Watching his silent face and then staring out the small window. Finally she turned to him.

"Honey" she asked softly. "I have to ask...why me?"

"Do you really want me to answer that mom?" Darrin turned to her.

"I want to know" Nora nodded.

Darrin reached up and ran a finger across her cheek. The soft touch sent a shiver through her body. His eyes seemed strange, different. There was something in them and she couldn't quite place it.

"You said I could have anybody I wanted" Darrin said simply. "I want...you" he added.

Nora stared at her son as her stomach did a huge flip-flop. When he turned back to watch the onboard movie, she saw a flash of something in his eyes. It was a primal and hungry look. Dear God...he couldn't...the thought ran through her mind. She couldn't bring herself to broach the topic further. Instead, she turned to the small window and stared out at the passing clouds.

Debarking in Nassau, Nora was hit by the warmth of the sun and the humid air. Quickly realizing she had over-dressed from home, she excused herself and slipped into the bathroom.

When his mother returned, Darrin couldn't help but notice the movement of her blouse. She had taken off her bra in the growing heat. This was turning out better than he had hoped.

As the pair boarded the small ferry to take them to Vacation Isle, Nora caught her son staring at her more than once. She thought something was wrong with her blouse or shorts. Then, as she watched the scenery she glanced at the couple standing near them. The sun was dipping behind along the horizon, as Nora was startled to realize that in the light, the woman's light dress was nearly transparent.

Startled, she looked back at Darrin, finding him once again staring at her. Oh God, she realized. He can see I took my bra off. He can SEE me. She watched as a smile crept across her sons face. He made no attempt to hide his glance from her nearly visible body. At first, the mother wanted to turn and hide from the sun's silhouette. Instead, she stood her ground. If this was what he wanted, she wasn't going to hide any more. Instead she stared straight back at him, letting him know she was well aware of the view he had.

By the time they had arrived on the Isle, Nora knew Darrin wanted her. She also knew how wrong it was, and that she wasn't sure she had the capacity to fight off his advances.

As the pair waited their turn in the line before the check in desk, she felt Darrin lightly touch her hand with his, sending another shiver through her. What was he planning? Her mind swirled.

Stepping to the counter, Darrin calmly slid his ID and the confirmation letter forward.

"Ah yes" the young man looked at the paper. "Mr. and Mrs. Fleming"

"I don't think... Nora started to say. Then she felt her sons hand enclose hers and gently squeeze. Startled, she stopped at looked at him.

"That's correct" Darrin said smoothly. His mother's eyes grew wide, but she remained silent.

"Room eight" the young man handed Darrin two keys. "Up the stairs and it's the second door on the right."

As the couple started to pick up their bags the young man added. "Dinner will be in the dining room in an hour. May I suggest a walk on the beach after." The young man smiled.

"An excellent idea" Darrin smiled back.

As the pair entered their room, Darrin placed their bags near the large single bed. Nora stared around the room. The furniture was beautiful, she realized, including the large single bed that focused her attention.

""Darrin, what are you doing?" she asked softly.

"Shouldn't you be getting ready for dinner...Nora" was the quiet reply.

"Darrin?" Nora again asked softly.

Her son stepped closer, staring into her eyes. Again there was that look, the one she had seen on the plane. A primal...hungry look.

"That wasn't a request...Nora" her son emphasized her name. The point swiftly drove home.

"Yes dear" Nora instantly caved to his gaze. She could almost feel her nipples harden under the cloth of her blouse as her son stared at her. She swiftly took her bag into the bathroom to change to a simple dress for dinner.

All the way through the meal, Nora delighted at the banter between herself and Darrin. Never before had she felt so relaxed or so at ease with a man. By the time the meal was finished Nora readily agreed to the stroll on the beach.

As the couple walked through the sand, hand in hand; to Nora it was as if this wasn't her son anymore. Instead, he had somehow morphed into a man. Strong and dominant, not afraid of what he wanted or going after it.

By the time they had returned to the lodging, darkness had fallen. In the moonlight, Darrin stopped her just before they entered.

"Do you know how beautiful you are?" he asked in the half light.

"Tell me, a woman always loves to hear it" Nora told him. She tried to see his eyes, but the growing darkness hid his features.

"I'd rather show you" Darrin replied.

Before Nora could even move, his lips closed on hers. No chaste kiss, this was full bore. His lips were pressing to hers, his tongue gliding over her teeth and into her mouth. Nora couldn't suppress the moan as her body literally melted into him.

By the time their lips separated, Nora was gasping for air. Her cheek pressed to his broad chest as she tried to regain her wits.

"God help me" she whispered.

"He already did" Darrin kissed her hair. "He just gave you to me."

Nora had expected Darrin to make further advances, but he didn't. Instead he quietly led them back to their room, where they prepared for bed. Slipping on her old night shirt, Nora slid under the covers next to her son. She could feel her palms itch to touch him, but lay silently listening to his breathing.

Soon, she felt the covers begin to move with a distinct rhythm. A soft grunt came from his side of the bed. Oh Lord, she realized; he's masturbating.

The sound of his fist sliding up and down his shaft was soft, but clear. Unconsciously her own fingers slid into the waistband of her panties, gliding over her now swollen and moist lips.

"Mom" Darrin grunted beside her in the dark.

"Darrin" Nora groaned back, as she slipped two fingers into her wet hole.

Together, the pair lay side by side, feeling the pleasure build together.

"Oh God mom" Darrin muttered. The slick sound of his fist picking up speed along his cock, coated in his own pre cum.

"Oh my God, Darrin" Nora groaned back. The wet squishing of her fingers as they pumped in and out of her now dripping pussy. She felt the knot growing.

"Going to cum" Darrin's voice came through the darkness.

"With me, oh God" Nora hissed back as her back arched.

"Darrinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn" the mother moaned as waves of pleasure rolled through her ravaged body. She felt her belly flex as her juices gushed out to coat her hand.

"Mommmmmmmmmmmmmm" Darrin moaned with her, his body shuddering, as thick rope after rope pumped out of his throbbing cock.

In the darkness their breathing was deep and harsh, matching each other's rhythm. Nora tried to find words to what had happened but couldn't.

Eventually Darrin rolled onto his side as sleep over took them. Dreams of her son pressed down onto her nude body as she felt his manhood filled her faded as she awoke to the morning bright sun.

The pair ate breakfast on the small balcony. Nora was again surprised at the ease of their conversation, slipping into a comfort she had never known before. She marveled at her son, so articulate and witty. Her laughter filled the morning air.

The pair walked about the small town that lined the coast of the island, visiting shops and stores. Returning to put their new found treasures in their room, Darrin decided the time had come.

"Let's go for a swim in the ocean, shall we." He told his mother.

"I would love to honey" Nora sighed. "I just didn't get a chance to replace my old suit, and I don't want you to be disappointed."

"First of all" Darrin smiled. "I would never be disappointed in seeing any of you"

Nora saw again that look cross her son's eyes. That primal hunger as he gazed at her. She shuddered, this time knowing exactly what he wanted.

"Secondly" he added. "I expected as much." The young man turned to his mother. "Get your suit Nora" he said firmly.

"Darrin, I don't know..." Nora tried to reply.

"Nora" her son said, again using her first name. The strength in his voice was crumbling her resistance. "Get me your swim suit." He told her.

Without a word, Nora retrieved her one piece from her suitcase and handed it to her son. She watched as he stepped towards the dresser, and with a movement of his arm, dropped the suit into the waste can.

Before she could utter a word, Darrin stepped back to his own suitcase, and pulled out a small box. She took the offered box into her hands.

"Get changed" his voice was soft but firm.

Nora found herself walking into the small bathroom before she even realized it. How he managed to totally command her was beyond her grasp. Undressing, she tried not to look into the mirror. When she opened the small box, she was stunned to see a two piece bright red, French cut bikini swimsuit. 

Dear God, Nora thought. I can't wear this. I don't have the figure, or the courage, she thought.

Slowly she pulled first the bottoms up, and then fastened the top into place. Her eyes caught her image in the mirror and she gasped. Her large breasts nearly spilled out of the small cloth, and the pale white skin of her thighs was visible to the waist on both sides. The red cloth barely covered the fronts of her breasts, while the triangle below managed to just cover between her thighs. Turning slightly, she again gasped at the amount of skin showing from behind. He'll see my entire ass, she realized.

Feeling self-conscious, the mother stepped from the bathroom and into their sleeping area. Any thoughts of shame evaporated as she watched her sons face when he saw her. Once again there was that look, the flash of his eyes as they roamed over her exposed body. Pure primal hunger seemed to radiate from him.

Stunning was the only word Darrin used as he stepped into the bathroom himself. It was simple and to the point. It swelled Nora as she realized that instead of disappointing this 'man', she was instead enticing him in the new suit.

When Darrin stepped back into the room, his mother's eyes immediately went to him. She shivered as she took in his chiseled chest, the curve of every muscle. Her eyes drifted down to the light blue trunks he wore, gasping as the tight material made his endowment more than evident.

"Oh God" Nora softly whispered as her eyes locked to the hard pole evident in the tight material. While not huge, Darrin was respectable in size and girth. It was enough to make any woman more than happy. The fact he didn't hide his obvious excitement didn't surprise Nora.

"Get used to it" her son said, seeing the direction of her gaze. "You caused it." he told her.

For over an hour the pair walked and played along the waters' edge. As Darrin splashed her exposed body with the warm salty spray, she looked at him. Stunned as his now wet trunks, only highlighted his hardness even more. Glancing down, she was shocked to see her own swollen and pouty lips outlined through the thin material of her suit. He had to see her, and yet he had made no comment.

As her son splashed her again, she leapt into the water waist deep, wading slightly further out. She tried to push through the water to escape, but in only a few feet, felt powerful arms wrap around her body.

"Got you" Darrin's voice filled her ear from behind.

"Yes you do" Nora couldn't turn to look at her son's face. "Now, what are you going to do with me?" she asked the words hanging in her mind.

"Oh Christ" Nora grunted, as she felt his hand slide down the curve of her soft belly. His fingers dipped into the water until they brushed along the edge of her suit bottom.

"Oh Darrin" Nora gasped; as she felt his searching fingers slip into the elastic of her suit bottom below the water.

When he felt his mother's ass press back against his hardness, the shape of his cock slipping between her cheeks, separated by only two thin pieces of material, he knew she was truly his.

"Do you know how badly I want you" his husky voice filled her ear.

This was it, Nora realized, this was the line no mother and son should ever cross. Yet, like a race car rushing to the finish line, her body shuddered as she felt herself surrender.

"Show me baby" was all she could gasp.

Nora felt her eyes roll back as she stood still in the warm water. The sensation of two thick fingers sliding between her engorged folds overwhelmed her.

"Oh fuck" she groaned as his fingers stretched her walls.

"Do you know what I want?" Darrin's husky voice filled her ears. He plunged his fingers deeper into his mother's steaming depths, feeling her walls ripple at the invasion.

"Unnghhhhh" was all Nora could groan. Sensations she had not felt in years were raging through her body, as her belly flexed to the time of his invading fingers.

"I want to taste you" her son's voice continued to torment her. "Drink every drop from you" he hissed behind her.

"Oh my God" Nora moaned, the image of her son between her thighs bright behind her clenched eyes. The fire growing in the pit of her belly began to rival the heat of the sun on her skin.
