 This story is my entry in Literotica's Nude Day contest. It includes a ménage à trois and a fantasy element that came to me in a dream. I hope you enjoy it.

* * *

"I'm excited, aren't you?" June asked. She shifted in her seat and peeked at the program in her son's hand. "I haven't seen Rachel dance since Christmas. When was the last time you saw her?"

Chad was curious, but he was as unexcited as Steve—his dad—who sat on the other side of June and watched people around them find their seats. As much as anything else, the show was a chance to get out of the suits he wore to work every day and into more casual clothes—no tie, thank God, no tie.

He looked down at his sister's picture in the program, and the short biography beside it. "It's been a few years," he said. "I think I was a sophomore."

Rachel had been a thin girl with mousy hair and a dream of dancing but, since he went away to college, Chad saw his little sister just once or twice a year. That wasn't enough for him to keep track of the way she grew up. Now, the young woman who looked back at him from the program was almost a stranger. She had a poised smile, auburn hair pulled into a tight french twist, and a list of sponsors.

"Miss Sutherland completed home school at the age of fourteen," the biography said, "and she entered Jefferson Ballet II at the age of fifteen while attending Saint Anne College, where she earned a Bachelor of Arts with magna cum laude honors. This spring, Miss Sutherland became the newest member of Jefferson Ballet."

"I might be her embarrassing big brother," Chad said.

June laughed and then paused while the theater lights dimmed. "Don't be silly," she whispered. "Rachel was overjoyed just like we were when we told her that your new job put you in Houston. Now we can visit you both at the same time."

A woman's voice broke over the hum of the crowd to announce that photography wasn't allowed during the performance, and Chad settled back into his seat to watch. The theater grew quiet, and the curtain rose on six half-naked men lit from above on an otherwise dark stage. They were joined by six women, and Chad felt like he was seeing Rachel for the first time. He was not ready for what he saw.

Chad's nerdy little sister was long, lithe, and muscular. She danced with grace and energy, and sometimes with violence that seemed barely under control. June squeaked and gasped. She dried tears from her eyes, and Steve comforted her with his arm around her shoulder.

Rachel danced in a duet that closed the first act. Her costume revealed every line and curve of her lean body, and every rippling muscle. She moved with a sensuality that made Chad glance at his father and shift uncomfortably in his seat. The second act did no more to make him comfortable.

After the final ovation, Chad waited with his parents in a reception area attached to the lobby. They were with a small crowd of mostly friends and family who sipped at drinks and snacked on canapés. The dancers appeared, sometimes alone and sometimes in small groups. Steve nodded toward an older couple standing near the door. "Her necklace alone might be worth more than our house," he said. "They look out of place in this crowd."

Everyone else in the room was more casual, but before Chad could agree, his attention was pulled away by two girls at the door. They wore high heels and tight-fitting dresses that barely reached mid-thigh. They had their hair pulled up in buns, and dance bags slung over their shoulders. The blonde caught his eye when she ducked under the rope. Next it was that girl with the auburn hair. It was Rachel.

Chad found himself with a smile so wide that it hurt his face, but it didn't last. Rachel stopped to point to her mother then white-haired woman by the door caught Rachel's arm. The blonde nodded and then weaved through the crowd while Rachel turned to talk to the couple.

Steve got an air kiss and June welcomed the blonde with a hug. "We haven't seen you in so long!" June said, and stepped back. "You look wonderful."

"Thank you!" she said. "Can I clone you? I want to hear that opinion more often." She pointed back to Rachel. "The couple that Rae's talking to are the McMahons—two of her sponsors—so she needs to give them some face time."

June grabbed Chad's elbow and said, "I don't think you've met Rachel's brother. Chad, this is Penny Douglas. She's been Rachel's roommate ever since Rachel came here."

Chad watched Penny's every move and expression. She was long and lean like Rachel, but her eyes flashed blue. He was surprised at the interest in her expression when she turned those blue eyes on him. It made him wonder just what his little sister told her.

"So, you just moved here?" Penny asked. Chad touched her extended hand, and he held it a moment longer than necessary. Rather than pulling back, Penny seemed to lean toward him.

"I've only been here a week," Chad said. "I still use my GPS to get anywhere. Maybe you can show me around." It seemed like an awkward come-on that he immediately regretted.

Penny grinned, but whatever she was about to say was forgotten when Rachel stepped up behind her with the McMahon's in tow. Rachel stayed coolly formal while she introduced her parents and her sponsors, and then she bit her lower lip while they talked.

"We're so happy that you agreed to sponsor Rachel," Steve said. "It helps her so much."

Mrs. McMahon laughed. She dismissed the idea with a wave of her hand, and the light from the chandelier glinted from her bracelet. "Hon, that's our civic duty," she said. "Your daughter is going to be a star, and we need her to stay here and be our star—not New York's, or San Francisco's, or Boston's. We want her here."

Chad turned away from the conversation, and Penny turned with him. "Do your folks come to these things, too?" he asked.

"I don't have much family," Penny said. "Rae has been like family for the last few years, and your mom and dad have been really good to me. It's just weird that you and I never met."

Rachel waited until the McMahons were gone, and then got Penny's attention. They grinned at each other, threw their hands in the air and bumped their hips. "Ka-ching!" they said, imitating the sound of a old cash register, and other dancers in the room laughed. Chad didn't know what they were doing, but it was fun to watch.

Rachel put her hand over her mouth to smother a laugh. She hugged June and then Steve while she explained. "They teach us to take our sponsor's money graciously, but to never believe what they say about us. That little show is our way of reminding each other that it's about the money."

Rachel turned on Chad with a twinkle in her eye and an odd smile on her lips. She watched Chad's face and asked, "What did you think of my duet at the end of the first act? Hot, or not?"

It seemed like an odd question, and Chad didn't want to admit to his reaction. He hesitated and glanced at his dad, and his body language told Rachel what she needed to know. She snatched Penny's arm, and Penny lurched forward on her high heels. She straightened up facing Chad, and Rachel grinned over Penny's shoulder. "When I dance that, I'm totally channeling Penny."

"Rae's making that up," Penny said. She glanced at Rachel and added, "At least I think she is."

Chad's eyes traced the lines down Penny's long neck to the smooth skin that her dress left exposed on her shoulders. His nostrils flared as he tried to take in her warm scent, and when he looked up again, he found Penny looking back.

Steve filled the slightly awkward gap. "We had a snack before the show, and that's wearing off," he said. "Can we take ya'll out for a late dinner?"

* * *

Penny edged closer to Chad as dinner went on. Or was he edging closer to Penny? He wasn't really sure. By the time June and Steve left—and left Chad to take the girls home—he was comfortable with Penny close beside him.

Rachel waited until June and Steve were out the door then she said, "I'm not sitting here by myself." She picked up her bag and moved around the table to sit beside her brother. Rachel looked around the restaurant to make sure people were watching her, then she said, "I know you're an accountant, but what do you do, really? I mean, how do you spend your days?"

Chad laughed. "I'm on the phone, I'm in a meeting, or I'm in front of a computer all day—at a table, at a desk, and always under those ugly fluorescent office lights."

Penny hooked her hand around his bicep and said, "You're pretty well-toned for someone who spends his days in an office."

Rachel hesitated, then reached to squeeze his other arm. "You didn't get these at a desk," she said, "unless you were lifting the desk."

"Gym," Chad said and watched Penny's face while she concentrated on his arm. "We have an employee's gym at the office, and that'll make lifting even easier."

The waiter leaned over Chad's shoulder. "Can I freshen those drinks for you?" He studied Rachel for a moment then asked "Would you like a drink too?"

"I don't drink," Rachel said and pointed to Penny. "She looks thirsty, though."

"I'm driving," Chad said, "but I'll buy."

Penny ordered another mojito and scooted a little closer. Laughter came, over the hum of conversation and the sounds of the staff going about their work. Chad squinted in the dim, golden light, but couldn't see where it came from.

Rachel broke Chad's concentration as if she'd been reading his mind. "The red-faced drunk in the bad suit," she said. "He's been watching us." She barely paused. "Are you still into photography? You were good at it—you have the vision thing."

Chad nodded. "I am, but I don't have as much time for it as I used to. My equipment is still boxed, but it'll come out again when I can get to it."

"Vision thing?" Penny asked. 

Rachel leaned on her elbows and talked past Chad. "The way photographers compose pictures, so they come out right. Chad had good vision." She looked at her brother, "You won prizes, didn't you? And you had exposure in shows and galleries."

Penny didn't wait for Chad's answer. "Ooh! Exposure sounds like fun," and both of the girls laughed.

Chad must have looked confused, so Penny explained. "Rae and I have some things in common. One of them is that we like being looked at—but maybe not by red-faced drunks in bad suits. Exposure is good. It's a turn-on, so I guess that makes us both exhibitionists."

Penny stopped talking while the waiter leaned over the table to deliver her drink, then she started again like nothing happened. "A show like tonight? That's a turn-on, too. Not while I'm dancing, but after a show it's a thrill to think about how I had all those eyes on my body."

Rachel hadn't been drinking like Penny, so she shifted uncomfortably and let Penny talk until her brother gave her a curious look. She leaned past Chad to touch Penny arm and said, "Let's go to the girls' room."

Penny sipped from her drink before she set it down. She stood and told Chad, "Don't go away. We'll be right back."

The dancers' butts swayed as they crossed the restaurant and Chad's head turned after them. Rachel disappeared around a corner, and Penny stopped to look back. She grinned when she found Chad watching, but not for long. Rachel reached back and tugged her arm, and Penny lurched after her.

Chad was startled by a booming voice. "Well, ain't you the luckiest joe in the place," it said, and the red-faced drunk who'd been watching the girls dropped into the chair across from him. "Those are the finest little things I seen all day, and you got them both to yourself. How's that happen?"

"You are?" Chad asked, and extended his hand across the table.

"Bill. Bill Brady," he said. His hand was fat and rough.

"Chad Sutherland," he answered. "One is my sister, and the other is her roommate."

Bill groaned. "Oh shit man!" he said. "Now I feel sorry for you. No dude ever gets his sister's roommate.

"Look, I was just headin' to the crapper, but figured I'd find out what's up. Why don't you send that roommate over to me. I'll take care of her."

Chad laughed as if he thought that was funny. He sat back in his chair while Bill pushed himself up and ambled toward the men's room.

The waiter leaned over the table to pick up some odds and ends—a napkin crumbled in a heap, a dirty spoon left when the staff cleared the table, an empty glass. "Did he bother you?" he asked and motioned in the direction where Bill left. "We're looking for a reason to get him and his friends out of here."

"Not really," Chad said. He noticed Rachel and Penny on their way back to the table and motioned in their direction. "That'll change if he touches either of them."

"Got it," the waiter said. He turned away and left Chad to watch a petite hand reach from a booth and touch Rachel's arm. Penny stopped with Rachel then ran away as fast as her high heels let her.

"What's that about?" Chad asked and motioned toward Rachel.

Penny settled down next to him and took her drink in hand. "A ballet fan who recognized Rachel. It's that hair. People hardly ever recognize me—I'm just one of the blondes."

Chad turned away from where Rachel smiled and chatted with the old woman and watched Penny sip her drink. "You know, I kinda feel like Rachel is setting us up," he said.

Penny laughed and said, "Don't say that like it's a bad thing."

Chad was quick to answer, "Nothing bad about it." He put one arm across the back of the chair behind Penny and watched the lights in her eyes for just a moment before he asked, "Will you come home with me tonight? We can drop Rachel off and then figure out how to get out to my place."

"Oh no!" Penny said, and Chad's shoulders slumped."You have to come to our place."

Chad's head snapped up, and Penny laughed. He glanced over his shoulder at his sister. "Won't that be a little awkward?" he asked.

Penny's smile vanished. She leaned close with her hands on Chad's thigh. Her eyes focused past him for a moment before she looked him in the eye, "It won't be awkward for Rae—she's expecting it. Besides, I don't want to leave her alone. Things happen when she's alone."

"Things like what?" Chad asked, and then realized from the way Penny looked up and pushed back that Rachel must have freed herself from her fan.

"You'll find out," was all Penny told him. She watched Rachel slip into the chair next to Chad and asked, "Did you make the old lady happy?"

"I think so," Rachel said. Her eyes switched from Chad to Penny with a concentration that Chad found a little disturbing. "You guys look like you have a plan." She looked to Penny and asked, "His place or ours?"

"Ours," Penny said. She lifted her drink and added, "I'll make quick work of this."

Chad waved down the waiter to get the bill then fifteen minutes later they were in his car. Penny and Rachel took turns giving directions until Chad pulled up in front of a remodeled old house in a shabby-looking neighborhood. He looked around as if someone might be waiting in some shadow where the street lights never reached.

Rachel laughed. "The neighborhood isn't as bad as it looks, and the apartment is really nice." She pushed the car door open, picked up her dance bag, and before she got out she said, "I'm getting in the shower. I'll see y'all inside." The car door slammed and left Chad and Penny alone.

Chad tucked his hand behind Penny's neck and pulled her mouth to his. She was surprised at first, but she meet his tongue with hers, and wrapped her arms around his shoulders. They each explored the other; Penny's tongue was warm and wet, and her breath was hot against Chad's cheek. He reached to touch her breast through the thin fabric of her dress, and Penny pushed back into his hand.

Penny was breathless when she broke their kiss. She wiped her mouth with the back of her hand, laughed, and said, "I told you the shows make me horny, now you've made me hot."

Chad looked down at Penny's body and Penny moved so the street light fell across her chest. Her nipples thrust out hard, and her skirt rode up to bare her long legs.

"I've wanted to taste you and smell you ever since the reception," Chad said. He didn't wait for Penny's reaction, and she gave a little squeak when he pulled her close and pushed his nose under her ear. She lifted her chin, and he tasted her soft skin and inhaled her scent.

Chad pushed his hand up the inside of Penny's thighs and under her skirt, and Penny reacted without a thought. She pushed her knees apart and let him find the warm, and now damp, nylon between her legs.

Penny struggled to free one hand and used it to grope at the front of Chad's jeans. She found his hardened cock and outlined it with her fingertips. She was panting with excitement when she pushed him back. "This is going fast," she said. "Let's go inside."

Chad didn't get a chance to protest. The car door shut behind Penny even before he pulled his senses together. He caught up with her at the door, and said. "I thought we were doing pretty good right there."

Penny pushed the door open, backed in, and pulled Chad along with her. "We were, but we left Rachel alone. Besides, the light is better in here." She pulled Chad through a living room cluttered with throw pillows and shelves of books and knick-knacks. She pulled him around the coffee table, and to the sofa. Penny dropped her dance bag, and told him, "Make yourself comfortable." She pushed Chad back until he bounced on the cushion and leaned over him to light the cat-shaped lamp beside him.

A sound of running water and floral scents came from one of the bedrooms. The door stood open, and inside that door, light spilled from another doorway. "Rachel's still in the shower," Penny said, and stepped back from the sofa. "It's easy to tell. We hardly ever close doors around here."

Chad pulled his jacket off and laid it beside him while Penny opened a hook at the back of her neck. She only said two words, "Watch me," and she didn't need to say those.

Penny kept her eyes on Chad while she let the front of her dress fall, and she peeled the sleeves down her arms. First she bared her white shoulders, then her small breasts, then the sculpted muscles of her belly; her hips undulated and her hands stroked her smooth skin from her breasts to her navel.

Chad stared, wiped his mouth, and found Penny's excited scent still clinging to his fingers. She laughed at the expression on his face then pulled her dress over her head and dropped it on his jacket.

Somewhere in the back of Chad's mind, he heard Rachel's shower turn off, but what he saw was Penny standing in front of him in high heels, pantyhose and a black thong. She turned a little to show off her body then lifted her hands to her head and started pulling hairpins from her hair. "If I'm reading you right," she said, "then you like what you see."

"God, you look hot," was all Chad could manage. He sat up on the edge of the sofa and Penny laughed when he pulled her to him with his hand on her hips. He kissed her breasts and her taught belly. She combed her fingers through her hair to loosen the hairspray, and he pushed his hands into her pantyhose.

Penny's butt was firm, and Chad squeezed a muscular cheek in each hand. He spread the crack of her ass while his lips traveled down below her navel, and he inhaled the scent that rose from her skin.

Neither of them saw Rachel step from her bathroom with one towel around her hair and another wrapping her body. Chad peeled sheer nylon down Penny's legs while Penny giggled with excited delight. She lifted one foot out of her high heels so Chad could pull the nylon off her foot, and then she lifted the other.

Chad sat back when he was done, and Penny wiggled out of her thong. She made a little show of dropping it on her dance bag then picked up a hair tie from beside the lamp. Penny stood naked in front of Chad while she tied her hair into a pony tail, and his eyes traveled over her long, smooth body and her graceful curves. They settled on the bare mound between her legs, and on its soft folds and creases.
