 Cicadas were making their undulating evening song as the last shades of deep red shifted to purple in the sky. Nolan sat on the end of his uncle's bass boat staring deep into the billowing tower of clouds on the horizon. The heat was a mother to bear during the day, especially out on the lake, but it was all worth it in moments like this. Tiny waves lapped onto the sand and the first hints of a cool breeze moved subtly around his dark tanned shoulders. A bolt of lightning stretched throughout the distant thunderhead flashing and arcing out in a spiderweb along the cap of the storm. 

'One-one-thousand... two-one-thousand... three-one-thousand...' 

"Nolan!" the sound of his mother's slightly concerned voice drifted down the hill from the cabin. "Honey, you need to tie the boat up, it's gonna storm..." 

'seven-one-thousand... Eight-one-thousand... Ni...'

The wave of rolling thunder finally reached him, he could feel it in his chest. 

"Okay Mom!" he yelled back dutifully. 

Nolan was 19 and had worked on the lake for the past several years as a fishing guide. His uncle had trained him since he was young. As he pushed the boat off of the sandy bank he snatched the bow line and began pulling it behind him. The beach was shallow here, making it easy to bring the flat-bottomed fiberglass rig with him. That said, it was pretty heavy and took a few lunging steps, splashing quite a bit, to get in motion. The weight gave it the stability it needed when there were two or three guys casting, especially some of the big boys that came out to the lake during the summer from the city. 

After he tied off the front to the 20 foot dock that jutted off of their private beach, he made his way down the dock to tie off the back. The waves during a storm could get up to three of four feet. It was no tsunami, but plenty enough to capsize an unsecured vessel. After he finished securing the foam runners and locking all of the fishing rod compartments, he grabbed his empty cooler and headed up to the small house at the top of the hill. 

The cacophony of cicadas swelled as he entered the grove of pine trees. The woods were full of lightning bugs as he trudged forward, the tops of the pines swaying as the first strong cool breeze ahead of the storm pushed through. The dirt path made a fairly steep ascent up to the wooden stairs and he was definitely breathing by the time he made his way to the landing at the top. 

"It's gonna get nasty baby" Theresa stated flatly as she held open the aluminum storm door.

"Yep its a big one, we better get the candles and lanterns ready" Nolan shuffled past her setting the igloo cooler down on the linoleum kitchen floor. 

From her vantage only the white sands of the beach were still visible through the trees. Theresa loved a good storm, but in the woods, they could get pretty sketchy, especially at night. More than one tornado had ravaged cabins and trailers just like hers over the years. When it got that bad, the most you could do was hunker down and pray to God that He would save them. So far, that had worked just fine. She turned her attention from the swaying trees towards Nolan, who was reaching up to pull the lanterns out of the upper cabinet in the kitchen. 

"I sure wish you'd wear a shirt out there on the lake baby. You're gonna get skin cancer bein out there all day like that" she repeated for the "umpteenth" time. She watched with 'un-motherly' interest as he reached to the back of the cabinet for the second lantern. 

"I know mom, I put sunscreen on four times every day though. It's a hundred degrees out there! There's no way I could " he stretched one last time to close the cabinet door grunting slightly "make it out there wearin a shirt!" 

Theresa couldn't help her eyes as they made their way down from his bulky shoulders, across his rippling back to his nice tight young ass. 

'Mmm Mmm, some lucky little girl is going to enjoy her some a that' she caught herself thinking... She felt instant guilt for the thought though. That was her little boy! How could she!? 'I need to get laid is what it is' she thought. 

She wasn't wrong. Theresa and Nolan had lost his dad (Bill) 2 years and 4 months earlier to a car accident on Hwy 91. A semi had a blowout and had hit his pickup head on at about ten at night. They had to sell the house in town and move into Uncle Steve's cabin. She was forever in his gratitude. Steve was Bill's older brother by two years. He, Susan and the two girls had been nothing but angels to them after the accident the way she saw it. To give up their lake cabin and boat so Nolan could earn a living was nothing short of sainthood. 

So, it had been quite some time since Theresa had been with a man. She was physically ready (or fit-to-fuck as they say,) but she was too scared to get back into the dating scene, especially out here in the middle of nowhere. 

"How was the take today sweety?" Theresa was leaning against the door jamb still admiring Nolan's form as he collected the various candles from kitchen drawers. The gushing sound of wind blowing through the pine trees intensified as pine cones and twigs smacked the roof. 

Nolan looked up at the ceiling with a slightly annoyed look on his face, his overgrown brown locks hanging away from his neck, his adam's apple jutting out. "I made out pretty good with the morning crowd, got two-hundred on fee and a sixty-dollar tip." 

"Whoa there! Nice job young man!" Theresa exclaimed. "When's daddy warbucks gonna take his momma shoppin?"

Nolan smiled, giving her a side-long glance and a smirk. "Don't get all excited, I had to put seventy back in the tank for tomorrow." 

"SHIT! Seventy!?" Theresa knew gas was expensive, but for a boat!?

Instantaneously the room lit up brighter than noon and the lights flickered off and back on. 

"Whoa!" Nolan jumped as Theresa screeched, instinctively running across the room and grabbing Nolan around the waist. Seconds later a loud boom shook the cabin. The wind was blowing pretty much constantly now. "Didn't take it long to get here!" Nolan put his arm around his mom as he looked out the kitchen window. "This damn storm is gonna make one helluva mess and I'm gonna have to clean it all up" he complained. 

"I'll help with it sweetie" she replied kissing his shoulder (which was all she could reach given how tall he was.) Theresa was lost in the sensation of being in a strong man's arms again. The warmth of his sun-kissed skin and the mixed aroma of cocoa-butter and Off mosquito-repellent sent her straight into a nostalgic trance. 

Nolan intended to simply hug his mom to comfort her, but she didn't seem to be interested in letting go. It was a nice moment though looking out into the darkness of the approaching storm. The wind intensified a bit more and the eighty-foot pines were now rocking back and forth in wide arcs. Nolan could see the waves starting to roll and crash on the beach, illuminated by flashes of lightning. 

"I think this calls for a drink! No fun being sober in a storm!" Nolan burst out nervously. Theresa almost jumped at this sudden outburst, realizing that she had been in never-never land for a few minutes there listening to the growing roar of the storm. She stepped away and headed for the cabinets.

"Agreed!" she chirped. Nolan's gaze followed his mother's retreat across the kitchen, admiring how well she had kept up with herself despite losing his dad. Theresa's straight dirty blonde hair hung down to her lower back, giving way to voluptuous hips and a full figure. Nolan always liked the hour-glass girls so much more than the twigs that seemed to plague the community college he attended. His eyes studied the swing of her curvy buttocks as she stepped up on the stool she kept for reaching the cabinet. As she pulled down the Makers, two boilers and turned for the fridge, her well-endowed chest wiggled playfully in her skimpy, skin-tight tank-top. Her loose shorts were nearly up to her cheeks and looked almost like a skirt. Despite his efforts, Nolan noticed that he didn't see a pantie line through her shorts. She usually wore a bra and more cover, but who could blame her in this heat. The cabin had a wall-unit A/C, but that only goes so far when its triple digits.

A couple of ice-cubes and two more-than-generous pours later and she was back at the window. 

"Cheers!" she smiled as she raised her glass.

"Cheers Mom!" The room lit up again, this time brighter, the crash of thunder following much faster. This time this lights didn't flicker at all, they just went straight out. They both burst into nervous laughter as they clinked glasses and took a large gulp. 

They eventually settled in the living room couch watching the rain fall in sheets and the trees whip violently in the wind. It was a bit nerve wracking, but it was also rather exciting. The lights being out made for even more intrigue. Theresa lit the candles and they sat together taking it all in in silence. 

After awhile the storm went from a fury of wind and lightning to mainly just rain. Unfortunately that did not bring back the electricity or more importantly, the A/C. 

As the drinks were refilled the second time, the conversation turned from mundane chatter about the clients Nolan had lined up and Theresa's shift at the local diner to more interesting topics. 

"So... Are you talking to any girls at school?" Theresa giggled, the whiskey doing its job religiously. 

"Meh! There's a couple I text with here and there, nothing serious. What about you? Have you met anybody in town?" 

Theresa sighed "Hey! You don't get off the hook THAT easy mister. Tell me their names."

"Mom! Really!? Samantha and Tiffany if you must know" he replied slightly rolling his eyes. 

"Oooh! Are they sluts!? Sound like sluts..." Theresa laughed. 

"Wow! That stuff is going straight to your head huh!?" Nolan feigned injury "Yeah they're totally sluts" he replied flatly before they both broke out in laughter. 

"Oh my god, it's getting so stuffy in here" Theresa exclaimed as she pulled the front of her shirt out in a flapping motion. 

"It's not tooooo bad" Nolan replied as he stared down her shirt at her glistening shaking cleavage. 

"Oh! Easy for YOU to say over there with no shirt on!" she glared. As she looked up at him, she noticed where his eyes had landed. "And it seems you've found something to watch on top of it all!"

Nolan's eyes instantly darted back to the window where large drops smashed into the glass outside and then melded into streams of water running down to the sill. "I WAS NOT looking!" he said with a Cheshire Cat's grin on his face. 

"Oh YES You DID! I saw where you were looking... Phhht... I'm not stupid" Theresa grabbed the bottle and poured another for each of them. "What if I took my shirt off like you guys get to? How unfair is that shit!?" 

Nolan was feeling brazen and a wee-bit combative, not unlike his mother. "Go ahead, it's only fair! I don't care. I wouldn't look even if you did!" he said intentionally away.

Theresa was feeling pretty good, the light from the candles was soft, and it was hot as blue blazes in their stuffy little cabin. She mulled it over a few seconds. "Fine! I think it IS fair" and with that she grabbed the bottom of her tank-top and began to peel it away from her body slowly. As she did she mockingly danced in a drunken strip tease. 

"MOM!! What the hell are you doing!?" Nolan protested, laughing in amazement. 

"It's fucking HOT in here!" she exclaimed squinting her eyes and staring into his eyes with a crafty smile. "Besides, I think you like it." As she said this she pulled the thin material up to reveal a healthy bit of under-boob. 

"OH My God Mom, this is so weird" Nolan turned away putting his hand up to shield his eyes. 

"Oh please... Cut out that puritan bullshit, I bet you don't shield your eyes when Tiffany or Samantha are stripping down!"

Nolan couldn't help but laugh out loud. She would be correct if (of course) either of them had done any such thing.

"You're My MOTHER!!" his hand dropping down enough to see that she had progressed to showing the lower half of her areola. 

"And YET YOU LOOK!!" Theresa was having a blast making her son nervous. With that she peeled the shirt the remainder of the way off laughing hysterically. 

Nolan couldn't help but see them bounce out of the shirt and onto her belly. He was stunned both by the fact that she had actually called his bluff and the fact that she had one of the best pairs of tits he had seen in recent memory. 

"Whatcha think about these babies? Huh? Better than Samantha and whats-her-name's huh!?" Theresa held her boobs in each of her hands shaking them back and forth to emphasize her point.

Nolan finally dropped his hand and took in the sights. He wore a shit eating grin out of a combination of embarrassment and arousal. 

Nolan was so nervous he didn't know what to say. Whatever his mind concocted, it needed to be punchy. "Well... I can tell you one thing" he said laughing. 

"What's that!?" she was enjoying this WAY too much. 

"We can add another name to the slut category!" he trailed into hysterical laughter. 

Theresa's eyes widened as she flew into a straight on tickle tackle. "WHAT!!? Did you just call me a slut!?" She pushed him back on the couch, pinning him down, tickling is ribs. 

"HAHA, I'm Just Joking!! Joking!!" he tried to push her back, but she was intent on winning now. 

"I'll show YOU slutty!!" with that she pushed up plopping her tits on his face. Aside from the fact that he was nearly suffocating from laughter and now large breasts, Nolan realized pretty quickly how much he was enjoying this. 

"MMMMM! MMMMM!" Nolan motor-boated.

"You BETTER be joking, I was always the GOOD girl" she protested, still laughing at her total lie. At long last she sat up, much to his secret disappointment. Seeing his opportunity, Nolan pushed forward rolling them both off of the couch onto the floor. 

"AAGGHH!!" she screamed as they hit the thick carpet. "OH!! You want to WRESTLE!?" She continued the momentum from the fall turning into a roll that put her back on top. What she didn't realize was the level of excitement that she had inspired in Nolan.  

Nolan had indeed been talking to Samantha and "whats-her-name," but much to his chagrin, that is ALL he had been doing with them. It had been over a year for him since his last friendly encounter with a girl name Alison. Needless to say he was buzzed and horny and that was before the big breast reveal. Now he had her on top of him again and her butt was planted firmly on his crotch. To further exacerbate the situation, he was only wearing skimpy gym shorts himself due to the heat. So, his excitement wasn't thoroughly contained, to say the least. 

Theresa pinned down his wrists to the floor, once again putting her tits right over the bridge of his nose.

"MOM!" Nolan could feel his hard cock sticking out of the paper thin material of his shorts. "STOP!" he couldn't stop laughing. 

"What's the matter!?" she taunted. "Did a SLUT get you down!?" they both broke into hysterical laughter. 

"NO!" he couldn't catch his breath to speak properly, not to mention his mother's large (hard) nipples kept smacking him in the face as he struggled to get her off of him. "MOM! YOU GOTTA STOP!!" As he said stop, he pushed his hands up off of the carpet shoving her back hard. She went from a four legged stance to sitting on his lap with one quick thrust. 

Instantly both of their eyes went wide and they froze. Theresa couldn't believe what she was feeling. Mostly pain, but not ALL pain. She let out an involuntary moan and her mouth dropped open. 

Nolan was no less shocked as he felt his hard cock surrounded by heavenly warmth. He was staring up at his own mother who he had just accidentally entered. There was an awkward silence, but neither of them moved a muscle. Thunder rolled in the background, as if for dramatic effect. 

"Oh my god mom are you okay?" Nolan panted involuntarily as well. It HAD really hurt at first as she was pretty tight these days. She had a couple of toys that she used from time-to-time, but nothing of Nolan's girth. 

"Don't move, whatever you do" she replied trying to gather her wits. 

"Uhh okaaay?" Nolan could feel his cock pulsing up and down inside her and each involuntary flex made the situation more and more dire. 

Theresa's brain was a frenzy of over-stimulation and alcohol. 'I'm fucking my son... I can't believe this... How did this happen?' she thought. 'I have to get off of him without either of us finishing, that's the plan... go'

"I'm going to slowly lift off of you okay? Don't move..." she said in a whimper. 

"I'll try" he said locking eyes with his gorgeous matron. She slowly pulled her hips away, going from balls-deep to all-the-way-in before freezing again. The pleasure was intense and she exhaled sharply, closing her eyes.

"Oh God... Nolan... that feels too good, that's never going to work!"

Nolan was in a fever state of pleasure as she pulled back ever-so-slightly, his rigid member bouncing violently inside her. "UGH! Yeah Mom, that is going to set me off for sure!"

"Okay... okay... let's think here..." she purred

"Oh my God that feels soooo good Mom" Nolan's eyes were starting to glaze over. 

"No! NO! Stay with me Nolan! We can't do this!! It's not right!!" she pleaded. Each word she spoke vibrated her lava hot cunt against his obsidian shaft. Her hips involuntarily dipped, pressing him deeper still. 

"OH SHIT!" he exclaimed locking eyes with her again. 

Theresa could feel her resolve melting with every passing second. 

"Baby, that's where you came from. You can't be back in there sweetie" again her hips twitched, shifting her weight on his engorged meat. 

"OH... OH..." Nolan panted. 

"That's where mommy made you baby, do you realize that?" her voice was softening with every word, her body dropping down 

"Y-Y-Yeaah Mom... It's amazing!" he struggled to stay still. 

"Your daddy put you inside me just like this... So... You can't..." she exhaled, her hips rolled back pressing Nolan's dick deeper still. "We shouldn't..." she tried to say but bit her lip instead. Her face was only an inch from his at this point. Her huge breasts smashed into his chest. 

"Mom?" Nolan was struggling with all his might not to let his hips piston, but he was soon going to loose that battle to nature. 

"Oh baby" Theresa cried putting her hands behind his head. "I Love You SOOO Much!" 

"I - I Love You too... I can't hold it much longer Mom!" Nolan was in a near panic. 

Theresa looked deep into his eyes. She thought about all of the shit they had been through together over the past few years. She thought of how their relationship had changed from her taking care of him to the co-habitation they had achieved here on the lake. Her inner voice kept saying 'it's wrong Theresa, he's your baby boy, what are you doing?' Then another voice (a more reasonable voice) said 'He does all the work of a husband, but he gets no rewards and he asks nothing in return. Maybe just this one time'

"It's okay baby"

"What!?" he strained to stay still a moment longer. 

"I said it's okay... Mommy loves you so much. Just let it happen" with that she pressed her beautiful round lips to his, her tongue slipping directly into his mouth. 

"MMMM" was all that Nolan could manage as he gave in. Instantly his hips bucked forward and up. She broke the kiss. 

"UGHH!" she grunted returning his thrust. 

"Oh My God Mom! Are you SURE!?" She answered by bringing her hips up and dropping them back down, fucking him into her. 

"Oh my baby..." she cooed. Nolan reached down and grabbed her generous hips before thrusting back inside her, using the leverage to go deeper towards her womb. 

