 Marty could tell his wife was enjoying Chase's every touch as Chase's hands worked their way down her arms, over her stomach and softly between her inner thighs. Marissa's head thrusting to the back of the couch and her breathing became more rapid as Chase gently caressed over her lace panties. Marty leaned in giving his wife a passionate but reassuring kiss while bringing his left hand down across her perfectly firm exposed breasts and to her panties. There, his fingers met Chase's fingers as Chase was already at work softly gliding his fingers back and forth across her very noticeable wet panties. Slowly, Marty pulled his wife's panties to the side and without hesitation Chase's fingers easily made their way into Marissa's pussy as she immediately pushed back into the couch unable to control her pleasure.

Marty met his wife in University as both were away from home pursuing their education. He was taking criminal forensics while Marissa was taking physiology. Marty was a very outgoing and social student who participated in a number of after school clubs and on sports teams while Marissa focused more on a smaller group of friends all committed to their studies. Neither had crossed paths in their first year of University and it wasn't until a Halloween party during their second year that they came together, as they have been to this day.

Not a lot has changed since University for the couple. Now married and in their late thirties, they have two children and they both hold successful careers in their fields of study. Marty would say he's changed in his appearance but Marissa has continued to blossom as she captivated him then, and she still captivates him today. Marissa has been his entire world since they met and she has been his every fantasy too. Standing 5'5 she has the absolute most incredible legs with strong muscular upper thighs and she looks incredible in a short skirt and high heels. She's got a great upper body, beautiful perfect 34 DD breasts and she has a flawless face that is accented by her hot red hair. She's every man's dream and she has been Marty's dream come true for over twenty years.

Since they met their sex life has been tremendous and together they've both grown with their sexuality. From bedroom fantasy talk to actually exploring one another's taboo turn-ons, they developed a deep sense of trust for one another and they are both very secure in their marriage. Trust had never been an issue for them and it's because of this that they first ventured into the world of swinging. They weren't interested in exchanging partners but rather the thrill of visiting swing clubs and the excitement that goes with each. Being able to hit the dance floor free and open without flocks of men hitting on you one right after another was something Marissa enjoyed and for Marty, he enjoyed watching his wife move on the dance floor, topless or without panties and seeing the "respectful" attention that she would receive.

Marty adored his wife and he was extremely proud to be her husband. He loved it when she'd dress provocatively when they'd go out and he loved how she at times would act dirty and slutty in public. Whether being braless and having her shirt unbuttoned while out on date night at the restaurant or seeing some young well built studs at the beach where'd she would be pantiless in a short skirt and flash them a quick peak while crossing her legs, Marty loved how naughty his wife had become.

Marty loved photography and Marissa was his focal point. Having Marissa dress for various photo shoots was a huge turn-on for the both of them as Marty specialized in the art of boudoir photography. Marissa would dress in all sorts of outfits and she would expose a lot of herself for the camera. The hottest shoots were those that took place outdoors, as again, seeing Marissa in some very risqué outfits in public made him instantly hard and she was equally turned-on. Together they would plan trips to different locations just to take photos and they both loved seeing how they turned out and posting them to various online sites. Marissa was hot and Marty wanted the world to see her! 

Their bedroom talk while love making grew hotter and hotter and the various fantasies they explored were all done without judging the other.‎ Both seemed to always be electrified by the other and they always seemed to cum together sharing in orgasm at the same time because of their fantasy play. Having started out with relatively mild talk, it grew, much in part to Marty's fantasies that revolved around sharing his wife with another man. Despite his early apprehensions about how Marissa would respond to this, she seemed to really get off on them and as the fantasies grew so did their comfort level in taking things to new forbidden places outside of the bedroom.

One particular night Marty had invited his close friend Chase over for a night of watching hockey and just hanging out as great friends do. Having known Chase for close to 25 years going back to when they first met while playing on the same junior hockey team, the two were very comfortable with one another as was Marissa with Chase. She was good friends with him too as she got to know him quite well based on the amount of time he and her husband spent together and having known him for almost the same amount of time as Marty knew him. Marissa over the years of knowing Chase allowed her to flirt with him in ways that Marty was comfortable with as Chase was a tall, well built handsome man and Marissa enjoyed pushing his buttons, and Marty enjoyed watching her tease him. Whether greeting Chase with her blouse unbuttoned or walking around in just her panties and a low cut top, Marissa was viewed as both heaven and hell by Chase, but with the latter being in a devilishly good way.

With Chase and Marty watching the game and with the kids at their grandparents, Marissa sat upstairs reading a book while enjoying a few glasses of her favourite red wine. The book was a romantic novel and combined with the wine she began having some wild naughty thoughts which prompted her to put the book down, change her bedtime attire, take one last sip of wine and then head downstairs. Initially unsure of what reaction she was going to get, she knew that the pair had been drinking so she felt they would at least enjoy her playful teasing if nothing else. 

Walking down the spiral stairs leading to the basement, better known as Marty's "Man Cave," she quickly brought their loud boisterous conversation to almost an immediate silence. There she stood dressed in a short white skirt, a pair of black high heels with black stay-ups and a sheer black blouse that showed off her perfect large breasts. Both her husband and Chase sat silent, staring up from the couch at the gorgeous seductress standing before them.

Marissa asked if they were enjoying the game and took up a seat between the pair on the couch. Chase pulled to the side of the couch not really knowing what to say but tried to act as if he hadn't noticed what Marissa was wearing as he gave a short update on what was going on with the game. Marty was instantly turned-on and Marissa could easily see this based on the look on his face and by the large erection that he was now sporting sitting next to her. Marissa said she was done the book she was reading and thought she'd come down to join the two for a drink and to watch some of the game with them.

A few minutes passed and Marissa asked what the two were drinking and she offered to fix the pair another round as she needed to grab a glass of wine for herself. She leaned forward to get off the couch by placing a hand on each of Marty's and Chase's knee while making it a point to bend over and move off the couch directly in front of Chase. As she left the couch Chase was lost in a trance watching Marissa walk out of the room as her hot ass teased him in the tight skirt and with her incredible legs covered in the black stockings. Marissa was truly a sight to behold and even more so in a pair of sexy high heels.

Chase turned to Marty once she left the room and asked what the hell she was doing and Marty laughed saying "she's just being Marissa," the side of her that Chase has gotten glimpses of in the past but nothing ever like this. Marty assured Chase that he was totally comfortable with this side of his wife and that Chase need not worry as he just needed to relax and have fun with it, or if it bothered him, he would then let Marissa know that she needed to stop. Chase wasn't overly sure what to make of his best friends explanation, but at the same time he was enjoying what he saw so he decided to just go with it even though it was a little uncomfortable for him...at first.

Marissa returned to the room with three drinks in hand. She handed her husband his drink capped off with a very passionate kiss and then a quick whisper in his ear of "are you liking this," for which Marty answered "yes" and she then whispered "do you want more" and Marty nodded his head knowing that he definitely wanted more. Marissa then turned to Chase and handed him his drink but then quickly acted like she forgot the ice. She again turned and walked out the room, lowering the lights as she went and returned with a small bowl of ice. She apologized to Chase for initially forgetting the ice and then proceeded to drop a couple of ice cubes into his drink but the third ice cube missed and landed in his lap. Chase went to grab it but before he could, Marissa's hand was already there and she noticed that he too was quite hard, and, quite large. 

Chase sat frozen while Marissa then moved in closer to him as her breasts now were just inches from his face. He could see through the sheer black top that Marissa had great breast as her nipples were large and hard. Her breasts were extremely firm and so perfect and he wasn't sure what to do. Marissa took the ice cube from his lap and dragged it across the rise in his pants and placed it in her mouth. Chase looked over to Marty who smiled and gave a slight re-assuring nod before he reached from behind his wife and brought his hand up under her top. Chase watched as he could clearly see Marty's hand begin to cup and caress Marissa's right breast through her sheer top and she leaned back giving Marty another deep passionate kiss. Marty then worked his left hand around his wife to her left breast where he began to raise that side of her sheer top, silently inviting Chase to join him in enjoying his wife's breasts.

Chase sat still for a second as he watched Marty and Marissa kiss. Marty's right hand, still working his wife's right breast and mid section while the left was holding up the other side of her top. Knowing Chase was hesitant; Marissa reached out and took Chase's hand placing it on her left breast. Chase could not believe how soft and firm her breast was and while the sensation of this was running through his hand Marissa reached down and began massaging Chase's rock hard cock. Chase let out a small gasp and then felt Marissa's hand working the zipper and button on his pants. Within seconds he felt the warm touch of her hand on his cock as she began stroking him slowly, all the while turning back for another passionate kiss from her husband.

Marty pulled back from Marissa as he wanted to watch her work Chase's cock and as he did Chase took both of Marissa's breasts in his hands and moved in closer licking Marissa's erect dark nipples. Marissa enjoying Chase's touch and knowing her husband was loving every second of what was happening, turned and placed herself in a forward sitting position which allowed her access to Marty's cock. There she sat stroking both men and this was an incredible turn-on for her.

Moans of erotic passion came from both men as Marty was now working his hands down Marissa's body to her lap. There he gently massaged his wife's inner thigh while pulling her thigh towards him as he subtlety provide himself and Chase with the temptation of Marissa's wet pussy. As Marty was working his hand over Marissa's lace panties he watched as she turned to Chase and began kissing with him. Marty watched as Marissa slipped her tongue in and out of Chase's mouth and he could see Chase's cock swelling as Marissa's hands still slowly worked both their cocks. 

Marissa, deep now in her erotic kissing with Chase opened her legs gesturing to both men that she craved their touch. Marty, already rubbing Marissa's pussy over her laced panties found Chase's hand doing the same as both men ran their fingers along Marissa's inner legs, along the lining of her panties and across her now, very wet pussy. Slowly, Marty pulled Marissa's panties to the side and without hesitation Chase began ‎gently sliding his fingers along Marissa's soft pussy lips, spreading her wetness as his fingers moved and then he began fingering Marissa. Marissa immediately pushed back into the couch unable to control her pleasure. Watching all of this made Marty want to cum right then and there as his cock pulsated with every thrust of his wife in response to Chase's fingers.

Marissa reached up and pulled Marty's face into hers and began kissing him wildly. Her tongue working the inside of Marty's mouth and as Chase continued to finger her she moaned like Marty has never heard her moan before. Marissa, still kissing with her husband, reached down and began rubbing her hard erect clit while softly telling Chase not to stop. Chase's fingers worked her pussy as he was now using his other hand to touch and caress Marissa's great ass. His hand worked both of her ass cheeks and feeling how wet she was he used this to slide his finger in and around Marissa's tight ass. This was something new for Marissa as her reaction to feeling Chase's finger running across this part of her ass seemed to unleash increased moans of pleasure that Marty had not heard before.

"I want a cock in my pussy and a cock in my mouth," Marissa whispered to her husband who really was unsure how much longer he could last watching such an erotic scene before him.

"Let's enjoy all of this as long as we can and before it's all over I hope you will have one cock in your mouth and another in your pussy," Marty managed to say as his heart raced making him nearly unable to speak.

Marissa, still thriving in pleasure removed her hands from the men's cocks and then took Chase's hand and slowly pulled it back from her pussy. She sat forward on the couch raising and crossing her arms as she slowly removed her black sheer top. Both men sat silent starring at her large beautiful firm breasts. She then stood in front of both men and she playfully moved from side to side as she pulled her skirt down to the floor stepping out of it one high heel at a time. Both men still sitting in silence were now in awe of the now almost totally nude beauty ‎standing before them in only a hot sexy pair of black open-toe heels and lace pink panties.

Marissa then leaned in for a kiss from her husband and then moved to embrace in the same with Chase. Passionately Marissa kissed with Chase as Marty watched Chase's hands reach for and find Marissa's pussy. Marissa pulled her waist in towards Chase giving him a shorter reach and just as Chase's fingers once again found their way beneath her panties, Marissa pulled back. She smiled in a teasing manner then gave the same smile to her husband before slowly making her way to her knees in front of Chase. There, she took Chase's large veined cock and softly began licking the head of it. Wet with excitement, Marissa licked the head of his cock first as a large amount of pre-cum covered it and then she began licking his shaft from top to bottom. Marty watched with erotic pleasure as this was the hottest thing he'd ever seen his wife do and he was savouring every second of it.

Marissa now having licked all of Chase's cock, raised herself a little and with her hand she brought his cock to her mouth. Marty's cock now pulsated more than it had all night as he was about to watch a bedroom fantasy come true in that his wife was going to suck another's man cock while he watched. Chased looked over to Marty for reassurance that he was comfortable with what was taking place even though he felt paralyzed to stop it even if he wanted to. Marty smiled and quietly told his best friend to "just enjoy the moment"!

Marissa, looking incredible on her knees, her bare breasts with such perfect dark nipples and her legs looking incredible in her heels now began sucking Chase's cock. Her mouth was so warm and soft as Chase began running his hands through Marissa's hair. She started slow but then increased the speed at which she was working his cock and she used her hand to add to the sensations being felt by Chase. With her other hand she reached for Marty's cock and as she was sucking Chase's cock she began stroking her husbands'.

With the two men enjoying Marissa's mouth and hand, and taking in all her sexual beauty, she stood up once more and began removing her panties. One leg at a time she stepped out of them and then stretched towards Chase as her breasts now rested on his chest. Chase went to lick her nipples but Marissa pulled herself onto the couch and stood straddling him bringing her smooth bald wet pussy to his face. Almost on cue, Chase began licking her pussy as his tongue found her hard erect clit.

"Oh yes, oh fuck yes," Marissa said as Chase's tongue licked away at her pussy.

Marty again sat in amazement at what he was watching his wife do and as he watched, Chase began gently exploring Marissa's ass with ‎his finger which seemed to once again electrify her.

"Baby, I want his cock so bad," Marissa said and repeating once more that she wanted one cock in her pussy and one cock in her mouth.

Marty got up, removed his pants and soaked boxers, and then moved to the outside arm of the couch. There, his rock hard cock faced his wife while Chase continued licking her pussy. Marissa now fully immersed in the eroticism pulled back from Chase and with a twist of her body she had Chase's back to Marty where she pushed him down into the couch.

"Baby I'm going to fuck his huge cock and I'm going to suck your huge cock," she said as she straddled Chase.

"I want you both to cum all over me. I want to taste it and rub it all over my tits and pussy," she continued as she began reaching for Chase's cock.

Marty watched as his wife position Chase's cock under her and while starring into her husband's eyes she slid his cock into her extremely wet pussy. Both Marty and Marissa shared in this moment through one another's eyes and expressions of pure pleasure. Chase took a deep breath as he too was lost in erotic pleasure and lost in the million sensations that came with it.

Marissa began riding Chase's cock and while doing so she leaned forward to take her husband's cock in her mouth. Chase pumped Marissa while his hands cupped her buttocks and despite Marty's cock being over his head, he did not seem to care as Marissa was fucking him like he had not been fucked before. Marissa continued to moan in pleasure as Chase worked in and out of her pussy and pulling back from her husband she again said how she wanted both men to cum in her and on her which seemed to turn both men on even more.

Chase with his face buried in Marissa's breasts said that he was going to cum and he went to pull out but Marissa said no and she began working her hips even harder to ensure that he came in her. With a sudden tightness in his body Chase unloaded a massive amount of cum into Marissa's pussy. He shuttered and he kept saying "oh yes, oh yes" and Marissa could feel his hot cum exploding into her. She continued to ride him for a few minutes then looked up at her husband and slightly pulled off of Chase. Marissa reached down to her pussy and she could feel Chase's cum everywhere so she took her finger, rubbed it around her pussy and then inside her pussy and she brought it to her mouth where Marty watched her lick it clean.
