 *All characters are eighteen or above.*

Tonya was sitting at the dining table with books and notebooks spread out in front of her, studying. She was in her second year at a local community college and was working on making good grades so she could transfer to a really good four-year college. Her last exams for the year were coming up the next day, and she was pouring over every subject, determined to do well so she could get into her first choice college. She had a pair of earbuds in, listening to music as she worked. She was wearing a cropped, spaghetti strap tank top without a bra, and the shape of her nipples was clearly defined in the thin, grey material. Her long, dark brown hair was loose, and she was keeping her head lowered toward her books while her father, Larry, sat across from her with paperwork of his own spread in front of him. But Larry was paying more attention to his busty, twenty-year-old daughter than the work he was trying to catch up on.

Tonya had always been a pretty girl, and was also bright and dedicated to her studies. She’d also become much more of a daddy’s girl since her mother left them a couple of years ago. Larry loved his daughter more than anyone, and it wasn’t long after his ex left that he realized he was much happier with just the two of them in the house together. But now, with a beautifully shaped pair of D cup tits and a body that was curvy yet without being especially thick, Tonya was making him think he should have spent more time pursuing new relationships rather than devoting his whole life to her.

It wasn’t right to be looking at her the way he was, gazing at the way her lush tits wobbled and mashed together within her revealing top. Going without a bra was something she only did at home. In fact, the top she was wearing now was one her father had never seen her leave the house in. She was much more relaxed at home, and a couple of times he’d overheard her tell her friend, Rachel, that she hated the way guys her age acted around her, especially if she happened to be wearing anything that showed off her tits. It was practically impossible to find clothing to downplay her natural attributes.

He knew it couldn’t be easy for her being so much curvier than any of her friends, and most of her friends’ mothers, for that matter.

Larry found himself staring when she leaned forward a little more and ended up pressing her full melons against the table, mashing them onto the surface and causing her flesh to billow up over the low- cut top. His throat went dry and his cock started to buzz with warm tingling as he looked at his daughter’s remarkable orbs and thought about touching them. 

Her skin looked so smooth and her ripe mounds so shapely and impossibly firm, especially considering their size. Not that it was anything the girl’s father should have been paying attention to, but if anyone had ever asked him where were the most amazingly luscious tits he’d ever seen, the answer would be right there at home with his only daughter. But that was a question he’d never answer. It seemed impossible to admit even to himself, yet now he couldn’t resist imagining cupping them in his hands, squeezing and massaging them until her nipples were swollen and stiff. Then he imagined sucking each of those precious nubs into his mouth and hearing his baby girl’s sighs of passion and pleasure.

Before he knew it was happening, Larry’s cock was aching and hard as an iron rod pushing against the confines of his pants. A glance at Tonya’s pretty face confirmed that her attention was on her books and papers. He snuck his hand under the table and gave his rigid shaft a few squeezes. It was a crazy thing to do, but he couldn’t control the enormous wave of love and desire he felt for his precious daughter. She was just too sweet and had too smooth and sensuous a body to ignore, even for her own father.

Larry started to think he should just slip away to the bathroom and stroke out a load, but it seemed like such an outrageous idea. It wouldn’t be the first time he’d ever masturbated to fantasies of his daughter, but he’d never done it while she was right there in the house. Yet he’d never had such a stunning view of her succulent tits before, either. It wasn’t as if she never wore revealing outfits around the house, but they were right there in front of him now, mashing into the tabletop and nearly popping out the top of her tank.

Even though Tonya had her face buried in her studies, Larry didn’t know how she could not be aware of the way her tits were on display. Maybe she thought he was as focused on his work as she was on hers. But he wasn’t. That just seemed impossible. The girl’s full, round globes were barely more than half covered and looming in front of him just beyond arm’s reach. Larry squeezed his cock under the table again. He was hard as a rock now, and it was forming an unmistakable bulge against his pants. His secretive squeezing was only making it worse.

After a few more minutes of indecision, which also bought a few more minutes of staring longingly at his daughter’s fabulous tits and sneaking feels of his cock under the table, Larry finally decided to go jerk off. Then he might be able to concentrate on his documents. He got up and made a fast turn toward the downstairs hallway bathroom before Tonya had a chance to catch sight of the rigid bulge in the front of his pants. With any luck, the sound in her earbuds would keep her from noticing he was even gone.

Larry quietly shut himself into the bathroom and locked the door. It came as a massive relief to unzip his pants and pull his painfully swollen cock out. Standing in front of the sink, he pushed his pants and briefs down past his balls and took his rod into his fist with a muted sigh of relief. It was hard to believe he was actually stroking his hard dick with his daughter right in the other room. He forced himself to muffle his moans, since otherwise Tonya would easily hear him if she took her earbuds out.

It felt so wrong to be stroking his fat, hard cock to his own daughter while she was no more than a few paces away, but at the same time it was making his cock throb even harder. He felt his whole body tingle with pleasure as he quietly stroked his aroused shaft and thought of Tonya just as she looked now, sitting at the dining table with her big, beautiful tits mashed against the table. Larry couldn’t imagine anything more perfect or smooth. He wondered if they felt as silky and firm as they looked and imagined having them in his hands, her nipples swelling to hardness as he played with them.

Opening his eyes for a moment, Larry noticed the bottle of scented skin lotion Tonya liked. He took a moment to squirt some onto his hand and started stroking his cock again. Now his fist was gliding slick and free along his aching rod. His cock swelled even fuller at the idea that the same lotion his baby girl rubbed on her flawless skin was now lubing his eager strokes. He imagined her rubbing the lotion over her ripe, young body after a bath, paying special attention to her glorious tits, smearing them with cream until her pink nipples were thick and hard.

Larry’s cock was almost painfully hard now, and the scent of his daughter’s lotion rose to his head and inspired him to even more vivid visions of the girl’s sweet body. He’d seen his daughter in a bikini enough times to have a very good idea of what she looked like naked, but he was dying to see the final details with his own eyes -- her thick nipples and pouty pussy. With these images of her in his mind coupled with the scent of her lotion, it was the most realistic fantasy he’d had of her yet. He could see her sitting in front of him now, sensuously rubbing that cream over her fully exposed melons, teasingly toying with her swollen nipples as she looked up at him with smoldering eyes pleading for daddy’s love.

Larry started to gasp for breath as his cock throbbed with pulsing heat. His fist gripped hard and pumped fast, jacking the whole length of his shaft with long strokes. He finally grunted, feeling his knees wobble while cum burst from the head of his rod and spattered the sink.

After taking a minute to catch his breath, he rinsed his cum down the drain and cleaned up his cock with a wet face cloth. He pulled his pants and briefs back up and zipped, then was back in the dining room a moment later with his mind feeling clearer and able to focus on his work instead of his teenaged daughter’s distracting tits.

But when Larry sat back down at the table, Tonya looked up from her work and took out her earbuds. Then she raised her arms and arched her back as she took a long stretch, pushing her braless boobs against her scant top, stretching the thin material across her rigid nipples. The relief Larry thought he had after his secret session in the bathroom was all but forgotten as he watched Tonya move. When she came out of her stretch she returned her father’s attentive gaze.

“Where’d you go?” she asked. “I looked up and you were gone.”

“Just to the bathroom,” he explained vaguely.

“Really?” She seemed skeptical.

“Yeah, why?”

“Just that you were gone kind of a long time.”

“Well, you were so focused on your work I didn’t think you’d notice.”

“Of course I noticed,” she protested.

“Miss me?” her father teased with a smile.

“Terribly,” she smiled back.

“Well a guy has to go to the bathroom sometimes,” Larry chuckled.

“Hmm, sure.”

The look on Tonya’s face, along with her tone of voice, made Larry wonder if she suspected what he’d been doing. She was right about how long he’d left the table, but he decided that was only paranoia from the guilt of his little indiscretion.

“How’s the work going?” he asked, trying to deflect.

“Okay, except I think I’m starting to see double.”

“Yeah, me too,” he replied, forcing himself not to look at the girl’s distracting tits. “Maybe we should take a break and get out of here for a while.”

“I’d love that, Dad, but my last two exams are tomorrow. I really gotta keep going.”

Tonya looked exasperated. Larry had never had to put pressure on her to study since she’d always put more than enough pressure on herself. If anything, the girl’s father had to teach her the value of taking breaks and rebooting her state of mind.

“Aren’t you the one who just said you’re about to go cross-eyed?”

His daughter smirked, admitting he was right.

“Besides,” Larry went on, “when was the last time you went on an actual date? And I don’t mean you going out to the movies with Rachel and her brother.”

“Pffff. Maybe when I meet a guy I can stand spending more than thirty seconds with.”

“Hmm,” Larry frowned. “You spend more than thirty seconds with me.”

“That’s different. You’re my dad.”

“Yes, but I’m still a guy.”

“Mmm, don’t remind me.”

“Excuse me?” he said, looking at his daughter with wide-eyed surprise.

“Nothing. Forget it. Let’s just say if you weren’t my dad....” She let the idea drop in the middle with just a mysterious smile.

Larry stared back at her, knowing how foolish he probably looked. Tonya giggled and nervously broke eye contact.

“Well I am your dad,” he finally said, “and as the supreme authority in this house I say it’s perfectly okay to go out with me and take a break.”

“Yes, sir, since you put it that way.”

She still wouldn’t look her father in the eye, but the coy smile was still playing on her succulent lips.

“Alright, then. What do say? Dinner? A movie? Dinner and a movie?”

“How about we get something to eat and see how we feel after?”

“Sounds like a plan.”

“Okay, but do you mind just going someplace we can eat in the car? I really don’t feel like changing.”

“Anything you want,” Larry smiled, trying to hide his pleasure that Tonya was going out with him in the outfit she had on.

Leaving their work on the table, they went out to the car. Tonya was wearing charcoal grey volleyball shorts, and her father couldn’t detect any sign she was wearing panties under them. As much as he enjoyed the view of her swaying ass while she walked ahead of him, he was afraid the relief he’d given himself in the bathroom wouldn’t last much longer.

They set out for Tonya’s favorite burger place where they ordered from the drive-up window. Once they ordered, Larry backed into a parking space and left the AC running while they dug their food out of the bag.

With cool air blowing, the girl’s nipples were soon forming hard little knots in the well stretched fabric of her top, and her father was growing more and more distracted by them. She had a couple of napkins spread across her lap with her burger and fries perched on it, her round, supple thighs were thankfully less distracting this way. But that didn’t stop him from thinking about the camel toe that showed in her shorts as they were driving over.

“I know I’ve told you this before,” he said, “but I’m really proud of the way you work so hard. You’re gonna be able to pick and choose wherever you want to go.”

He’d told her this countless times before, along with telling her she was beautiful, or smart, or the sweetest girl he’d ever known, but he needed to latch onto any topic he could to keep his mind off all the things about her that made his cock hard.

“I know, Dad, but it really means a lot, and I never get tired of hearing you say it. And you know,” she paused, “you make all my friends jealous. Their dads just don’t talk to them the same way. And Rachel says you talk like you’re in love with me.”

Larry laughed, but he felt his face flush with heat. “Does she, now?”

“Dad! You’re blushing!” Tonya exclaimed, her eyes and jaw both open wide.

He got flustered a moment or two, but then just laughed again like he was laughing it off as ridiculous.

“Well, of course I’m in love with you,” he rationalized. “What father isn’t in love with his special girl?”

“That’s not what she meant, Dad. And I don’t think that’s what made you blush.”

“Oh that was just...just...just forget about that.”

“Yeah, sure, if you say so.” She seemed a little deflated. “What if I’m in love with you?” she added. “Am I supposed to forget that, too?”

Larry felt himself flush again. He couldn’t help thinking back to her ‘if you weren’t my father’ comment earlier. The statement she’d left hanging. Now, he couldn’t help thinking the same thing: if she weren’t his daughter he’d pull those luscious tits out of her top and nuzzle them for hours. He didn’t know what to say and dove back into his food, hoping the subject would change on its own. Tonya ate some more, too, but then she broke the awkward silence.

“Do you really want me to go away for my last two years of college?” she asked point blank.

The question caught her father by surprise. “I just want you to go wherever you want the most,” he replied.

“Yeah, but you keep pushing all these places on me that are really far away. We wouldn’t be able to see each other except on holidays. It’s like you want me out of the house. I mean, you haven’t had a real girlfriend since Mom left.”

“I’ve dated,” Larry countered weakly.

“Yeah, right. Like three times, all with different girls. You haven’t second-dated anyone.”

“They just weren’t very much fun. You’re much better company, so why do I need anyone else?”

“Yeah, but you’re not getting any sex, Dad.”

Larry’s cock tingled in his pants at his scantily clad daughter’s mention of sex. At the same time it wasn’t supposed to be a topic they should discuss.

“That’s not anything you need to be concerned about,” he retorted nervously.

“Oh please, Dad. I’m twenty. It’s not like I don’t get it.”

“Okay, fine. I understand that. It’s just that you don’t have to make your father’s sex life any of your business.”

“Why not?”

“Because I’m your father.”

“That’s the dumbest reason I ever heard.”

“Yeah, maybe. But I didn’t make up the rules.”

“Stupid rules. I mean, if two people are really into each other as much as we are, then why shouldn’t they have what they want?”

Larry looked at his daughter in surprise. He knew it was true, but neither of them had ever come close to saying it before. If he were being honest with himself, he’d trade every woman he’d ever known in his life for his daughter, but thinking it and doing anything about it were totally different things.

“That’s dangerous talk,” he told her.

“Tell me it’s not true,” she countered, matching his quietly serious tone.

He couldn’t, so he went quiet instead and they both spent the next few minutes slowly eating the rest of their food. After, Tonya picked the bag up off the floor of the car and they tossed their wrappers into it.

“I’ll go throw it in the can,” she said.

Then she got out of the car and walked around the front, taking slow, deliberate steps and swaying her hips. Larry couldn’t help following the voluptuous teen with his eyes as she carried their trash to the receptacle. Suddenly the bag dropped from her hand before she had a chance to toss it in the bin. Very slowly, she bent over to pick it up, keeping her feet close together. The movement brought the shape of her pussy into striking relief in her tightly stretched shorts, which stretched further up over the perfectly rounded cheeks of her ass.

Larry groaned out loud, slipping his hand between his legs and giving his rapidly growing cock a squeeze. He realized she’d dropped the bag on purpose just to tease him, and now he was equally sure she’d been squashing her tits into the table on purpose too. Tonya took her sweet time and gave her father a magnificent view of her sumptuous young ass. His cock was pulsing with heat as he groped himself and let his eyes follow the shapely lines of her legs from her ass to her ankles and back again.

She finally picked up the bag and tossed it into the garbage bin, then turned and walked the same path back in front of the car to the passenger’s side. She barely looked his way the whole time, but as she got back in the car she leaned in and paused a moment, letting her heavy tits dangle in her low cut tank before sliding into her seat.

Larry could hardly believe his eyes. It was totally out of Tonya’s character to even leave the house in an outfit like the one she was wearing, let alone get out of the car in a public parking lot where anyone could see her bending over. Even though she had the looks and body for it, she’d never been a flashy type of girl, except in the comfort of her own home.

Pulling out of the parking lot, Larry’s mind was spinning as he started driving back to the house. It was quiet in the car most of the way, and he had only one thing he could think of to say to his daughter: “You have to be careful what you say, Tonya. Some things can’t be unsaid.”

“Good. Because there’s nothing I want to take back,” she replied simply.

This gave Larry even more to think about as he drove home. It seemed like they’d already crossed a line just by having the conversation. Maybe they could just forget about it and let things go back the way they were. But Larry knew this wouldn’t happen. There was no way he’d be able to look at or think of his daughter in any other way now. Besides, he couldn’t lie to himself. He’d already been thinking of her as a hot, sexual being for some time already. Sneaking off to the bathroom to jerk off to her while she sat studying at the table wasn’t exactly innocent behavior. There was also the fact that Tonya had always been a determined girl, and she wasn’t about to just forget about her own feelings.

It was already dark outside when they got back to the house, and Larry followed his daughter inside, watching her sway her shapely ass as she walked in ahead of him.

They went back to the table where all their work was still spread out and sat down again. This time, Tonya didn’t bother putting in her earbuds, but she leaned her full tits against the table all over again while she turned her attention to the books and papers in front of her. Larry didn’t even bother trying to focus on anything but his daughter’s rich, creamy globes. His cock was already fully aroused again and he started to think about going back to the bathroom for another stroke. But for the moment, he stayed where he was to enjoy the view while he slipped his hands between his legs under the table and rubbed his cock through his pants.
