 Straddling a naked man for the first time in years gave me a strange and erotic tingle even though he was facing down on the bed and I was wearing clothes. I struggled to keep my imagination from wandering off-limits or what should have been off-limits, for a grandmother that was massaging her injured grandson. The warmth of his soft skin touching my upper-inner thighs as I straddled him made my pussy tingle and warm. I shivered as I felt the warmth in my crotch explode through my lower body. I tingled in places and in ways that I hadn't felt in years as forbidden desires stirred in my head. I tried not to look down at his firm ass that was only inches below my crotch. My eyes were drawn to the tan line that started just a few inches above the crack in his firm ass. I pulled my gown up for an unobstructed view of his ass and it swept across his body. As the silky material tickled him and I saw his ass cheeks clench. My attempt to get a better view of my grandson's naked butt had unexpected results when I saw his chill bumps and I felt his ass clench. The dimples on his ass cheeks hollowed and his muscles tightened. He squirmed i=under me. I had wondered earlier if he had an erection his movements assured me that he did. Thinking about him having an erection further stimulated my forbidden desire. 

I was physically attracted to his toned and muscular back, his thin waist and the shape of his hips that led to the smooth curves of his firm and hairless ass cheeks. I had never been a butt girl but I was fascinated by the forbidden fruit under me. My husband had been hairy and all over and his ass was covered in corse thick hair that he refused to shave. My grandson was smooth. 

It wasn't the first time that I had thought forbidden thoughts about my grandson. I had watched him work in my yard and as the years passed and he grew into a man, I had daydreamed. My mind had often wondered to forbidden things a grandmother should never consider. I had seen him in a swimsuit and saw the outline and bulge of his penis as he exited the water. I had seen him in shorts without a shirt all covered in sweat. Nothing had prepared me for the reaction and my boldness to act on dark desires and I had as we laid on my bed. 

I shifted my weight and I pressed my panty-covered crotch down against his ass. I massaged lotion into his upper back. He moaned. I focused my efforts on his sore injured muscles but my thoughts were focused elsewhere. I felt so naughty and yet physically and emotionally excited. I felt alive. I prayed to be forgiven as I felt him between my legs. 

I moved my hands to his lower back. I shifted my position over him so that I was kneeling. I straddled his upper thighs with my legs outside of his. His legs were initially together. I looked at the curves of his ass cheeks. As his thighs opened and slightly parted I saw his balls. He adjusted on the bed and I was sure that he was trying to get comfortable. I realized that he must have had an erection and it was pushing down into my mattress. He further opened his thighs so I changed position. I was straddling one of his thighs versus both of them. I was sure that he was trying to get relief from having his erection as he cocked one leg. I got a perfect view of his large hairy balls. Considering he had no visible hair on his back or ass, I was surprised that his balls were so hairy. 

I wasn't sure what I could do. I knew I shouldn't do anything but I wanted to help him. 

I lowered my ass and straddled the back of his left thigh while I continued to massage his lower back. I had a perfect view of his ass and, with his leg cocked and angled out, of his large balls. I tried not to rock but having my crotch against the back of his thigh gave me chills and stirred my womanly desires. I felt like a woman for the first time in years. I was relieved that I still had desires and my body could react to them. 

I knew lust was a sin and I was sinning. I wondered if he could feel the warmth and dampness of my crotch through my panties. I couldn't believe that my pussy was so wet. I wanted him to feel my sexual passion but I wasn't sure how to cope if anything were to happen. I caressed his hips and the top portion of his ass cheeks. I was tempted to fully caress his ass but I knew that was going too far. I alternated massaging and caressing his warm skin. I grew bolder and hornier. I added more pressure to his leg. I gently ground my crotch on the back of his thigh. 

Out of the blue, it came over me. My body spasmed and my legs tensed up. I felt my pussy tingle and my crotch spasmed. I bit my lip. I tried not to move or moan as I orgasmed and squeezed his leg between mine. I was certain he knew I had orgasmed. I was embarrassed and yet I knew my secret was safe. I trusted him more than anyone I knew but I didn't know what he was thinking. 

I sat motionless as I tried to gain control of my desires. My breathing finally slowed aster a few minutes and I raised my crotch off the back of his leg. I was embarrassed. I saw my wetness on the back of his muscular thigh. I had let myself get out of control. Again, I wondered what he was thinking. I took a deep breath and sat on the bed beside him. He turned his head and looked over at me. His eyes were penetrating my soul. 

I asked if he felt better after his massage. He nodded his head. 

We were both glad the only light in the room came from the lights in the hall. There was not enough light for him to see my breasts through my sheer nighty but I was sure he could see my shape. I reluctantly helped him positioned a towel over his ass. He sat up facing away from me but from my angle, I could still see his crotch. I shivered when I saw his penis was erect. I felt selfish but hesitated to go further that I already had. 

I knew that I had already gone past a line. I knew I had caused him to get an erection by caressing him and touching him the way I had. I couldn't go further but I wanted to. I wonder if he knew? 

Thankfully he stood up quickly and wrapped the towel around his waist. The bulge in the front of the towel made it difficult for him to keep the towel closed even after he had wrapped it around his body and tucked it in. I could tell he was nervous. I was nervous. I know he saw me looking at his crotch. He quickly thanked me for the massage and he left my room. I was numb and shaking as I stood and walked to my bathroom. I turned on the light and looked in the mirror. Who was I? 

I was glad he had gone to school. I wasn't sure what I could say to him. I was a mess all day. I played golf and ate lunch with my friends but my thoughts were somewhere else. My golf game sucked and they continued to ask me if there was something wrong.  

I needed to say something to him. I needed to explain my action but I wasn't sure what to say. Since he had injured his back the week prior in an accident, I hadn't felt the same. Meeting with the doctors and seeing him hurt had strangely impacted me. He had held my hand and I was surprised he had requested I stay with him and hear what the doctors had to say. He was lucky, he would be sore but he should heal. 

He was smiling from ear-to-ear when he came home after classes and spending a considerable part of the day in the library studying. I was relieved and held him tight when he hugged me. 

"How was your day Gigi? Did you win at golf?"

Our dinner conversation was light and about current events and politics. His eyes sparkled and he looked into my eyes as we spoke. 

"Did my massaging your shoulders last night help?"

I felt my stomach turn as he hesitated. He blushed and he smiled as he reached out and touched my hand. "I feel a lot better Gigi but it's still really sore." 

He took a shower after helping me clean up after dinner and joined me in my room as we had discussed as we cleaned up after dinner. I had showered and selected a nighty that was the mid-thigh length with matching panties that I had purchased earlier that day. He would never have an idea I had purchased it for him and I had even tried to convince myself that I had purchased it because I needed nightgowns. I was sure that the sales lady at Victoria Secrets wondered why a lady my age had selected a half-dozen sexy sheer pajama tops with matching panties. Honestly, I thought I had lost my mind too. 

Straddling his lower back as I massaged his neck was having the same impact as it had the previous evening. 

I lowered my ass and sat on his lower back while I massaged his tight muscular shoulders. The doctor had said to use gentle pressure to help loosen the tight muscles. The feel of his warm soft skin against my inner thighs as I straddled him made my skin tingle. I slid down and sat on his upper thighs again just as I had the previous night. I worked my fingers over his back and across his shoulders. His boxers we blocking my view of his butt but I was still getting sexually excited. I thought about his warm body and how he made me feel so alive. I wasn't sure how to get him to remove his boxers or if I should tempt fate but I felt a strange physical desire for him to be naked. As I ran my hands across his lower back he turned his head to the side.

"Should I get a towel and take off my boxers like I did last night? Is that better?"

My heart leaped in my chest. My voice cracked.

"Sure honey. That might be better than getting lotion on them. I think I can massage your full back much easier that way."

I sat on the bed beside him. I saw his eyes glancing at my tits that were visible through my sheer nighty. I tried to smile as my heart pounded in my chest. I suggested that I should use special massage oil I had purchased at the recommendation of a pharmacist earlier that day. I felt sheepish as I thought about putting the oil onto his warm soft skin.

I also felt guilty about purchasing the vaginal lubrication that I knew was on the shelf beside the oil. I felt my chest tighten as I replayed the strange conversation with the pharmacist about the massage oil and then about lubrication. She had been so matter-of-fact about the warm oil and then about different vaginal lubrication options. I had regretted asking about the lubrication after she came from behind the counter and continued to talk as walked me to the area of the store where there were condoms and all types of pharmaceutical birth control and sex aids. I felt like everyone in the store was judging me and knew I was purchasing sex lubricant. I had hoped that I didn't see anyone I knew. 

I had felt compelled to tell her that I didn't think I would need it and it made me feel good that she asked me if I needed a lubricant with spermicide. Although she gave me a strange look, I selected the lubricant with a spermicide. 

Thinking about sex was strange enough but to think about a man cumming inside of me again seemed so unreal. 

"Better be safe. He might get lucky."

I stashed the lube under the seat of the car as I drove home. I was horny thinking about my purchase and giggled out loud as I felt my panties get wet. "If it were to happen, I don't think getting wet will be an issue." 

I came out of my daydream and looked down at my grandson. "The lady at the pharmacy said that oil will feel better than lotion."

He got up and went down the hall after saying he had to pee. 

I went to my bathroom and retrieved some towels and the massage oil. Seeing the vaginal lube I had purchased gave me a chill. I knew that being sexual and sex had a fine line between them. I was sure that sex was not going to happen, I couldn't let it happen. He was my grandson. 

I looked at myself in the mirror and wondered who or what I had become. I could see my dark red nipples through the white sheer and lace gown I was wearing. I couldn't believe I had purchased such a sexy gown with the idea of wearing it with my grandson. I knew that what I was doing was beyond anything I should be doing but I was enjoying it. I took a deep breath and slid my hands under my nightgown and hooked my thumbs in my panties. I paused. I changed my mind about removing them just as I heard him walk into my room. I reminded myself that being sexual didn't have to mean having sex. We were just enjoying each others company. 

I looked into the mirror again and I saw the dark triangular shadow of my dark bush through my panties. My heart was racing and my hands were shaking. I let my gown fall and I left the bathroom light on as I walked into my bedroom. My grandson was standing by my bed. 

I told him that we should lay a towel on the bed under us since the oil would be messy. He helped me and I pulled the comforter and top sheet down. My voice was weak. I recommended that he remove his shorts while I prepared the bed. He paused and looked at me. I tried to look "matter-of-fact" but I was blushing as much as he was. We both knew he would be naked and I could see a lump forming in his shorts. I felt so alive.

"Why don't you take off your shorts as I will fix the bed."

He paused and I could see that his erection was growing. I also saw that he was looking at my nighty and he could see my tits through it. I am sure he was as nervous as I was. 

"I saw you last night. I mean, I thought you were ok with being naked last night. It's just you and me."

He looked at me and I could tell he was embarrassed.

No need to be embarrassed. I think you have a beautiful, I mean handsome, body. Will it help if I take off my panties? I am not sure I want massage oil on them anyway."

I looked at him and hoped that he didn't run away. 

He nodded his head. My heart was pounding in my chest and my hands were shaking. I hooked my thumbs into the waist of my panties and I pushed them down to my ankles and stepped out of them. His eyes were focused on the panties under my feel. I almost regretted leaving the bathroom light on since it lit the room more than I thought it would have. 

I tried to act casual as I took the towels I had brought with me and I tossed them onto the bed. I slowly bent over the bed to smooth it out. My mid-thigh nighty exposed the cheeks of my ass as I leaned over the bed. I could the cool air on my ass and I knew that my grandson had a birds-eye view of my cheeks and maybe more. My knees wobbled. I spread my legs to keep my balance as I leaned over the bed and smoothed out the second towel. I turned my head just as he stood up and stepped out of his shorts. 

His eyes were focused on my ass. I lowered my eyes and they almost popped out of my head. Jutting out from under his thick tuft of dark pubic hair was a man-sized penis that was partially erect and already pointing straight out. I was genuinely surprised at the girth of his manhood. I tried unsuccessfully not to stare at the large pink helmet-shaped head that was raising and pointing at me. I swear that I tried not to look at his manhood but I couldn't help but stare at the first cock I had seen in years.  

He blushed.

"Sorry, Gigi. I can't help it." 

He moved toward the bed and by the time he sat down on it his cock was fully erect and pointing straight up. 

"It's ok. You are so handsome. It looks nice to me."

I felt my body get warm as he laid down on his stomach. I asked if he was comfortable. He adjusted on the bed and I admired his young firm body. I was second-guessing why I had removed my panties and I made sure my ass was pointing away from him as I picked them and his boxers off the floor and sat them on the nightstand. I saw him look over at my panties. My whole body tingled. 

"Are you sure that this is ok?" I asked not expecting a response. 

"I can put my panties back on if you are more comfortable." 

"It's ok. You don't want them ruined."

I knew massage oil wouldn't ruin them and I am sure that he did too. 

I knelt off to his side on the center of the bed and started massaging his shoulders and back. I poured oil on him and spread it around. I asked how it felt since he seemed fidgety.

"How does this feel. Am I pressing too hard?"

"It feels good. I like oil."

It took me a while to get the courage to straddle him as I had done the previous night. Not wearing panties had caused me to be more self-confident. Finally, I got the courage to move. I straddled him but when I did, I remained on my knees. My crotch was tingling and I knew that I should, at a minimum, put my panties back on if I were to sit down on him. I could feel the cool air on my crotch as I remained on my knees while massaging his shoulders. I looked over into the mirror on my dresser and saw my ass sticking up into the air and uncovered. My grandson's head was turned toward the dresser and I was sure he could see my silhouette in the mirror. 

After going back-and-forth in my head about being nude and I realized that I would be sitting my uncovered crotch directly onto him, I hesitated. I needed to get more relaxed and comfortable with something that seemed so crazy. 

I slowly lowered myself down until I was sitting and I had my full weight on his lower back. 

"Is this ok?"

I took a long time massaging his stiff neck and shoulders. I tried to remain calm. Feeling my bare skin on him was comforting and yet exciting. Having my bare crotch and ass on him was exciting. I wondered what and how he felt. I poured more oil on his back and then I turned and poured oil on his ass. He jumped and moaned as the oil rand down the crack of his ass. 

I slid my ass down and I straddled his hips so I could start massaging his lower back. It was erotic to feel my pussy and ass slide against him as I moved my hands. I was very aware that there was only oil between us. I slowly poured more oil on him so that it also covered my inner thighs and then my crotch. I had chill bumps all over as I felt the erotic sensation of warm oil and his soft skin against my crotch. I wondered if he felt the thick bush of dark pubes that covered my pussy. 

I moved after a few minutes so that straddled his hips and sat my ass on his. Kinky was the only word that came to my mind as our oiled assed touched. I wiggled my ass and felt the electricity of our chemistry shoot through my pussy. Erotic thoughts went through my head as our asses touched. I wondered if he felt my wet furry warm crotch against his ass. I felt so sexually excited that I almost peed. 

It felt so intimate. The feeling of his warm flesh on my inner thighs, against my pussy and on my ass made me shake. My voice cracked.

"Does this feel ok. I mean, with me sitting on you like this. Should I put my panties back on?"

He paused before answering. 

"It feels good. You feel really good. I like this."

"Me too" was all I could say. I was certain that he could feel my privates.

I pulled up my gown and looked down between my legs. My furry crotch was once again resting on his lower back. My body shook as I looked at the erotic view of my pubes against him. I wondered if he could feel the warmth and wetness of my pussy. Did he know I was horny too? I wondered what he was thinking as his grandmothers sat on him. I wondered if me sitting on him like this was having as big of an impact on his penis as it was having on my pussy. I wondered if he got harder than he had been earlier as he climbed onto my bed. 

I looked at the hem of my nighty and saw that it was saturated in massage oil. 

"I should have worn a shorter nighty. It's covered in oil."

I continued to massage his back in silence and I adjusted myself so that my pussy was pressing against his ass. I was on fire. I added more oil but this time I poured it on my lower belly just above my pubes as I lifted my nighty. The oil ran through my thick bush and covered my pussy before going onto him. 

"Gigi, I understand if you want to change your nighty so it doesn't get ruined."

I panicked. Had I gone too far? 

"Do you want me to stop?"

