 I moaned awake. The sensation of my morning wood being sucked on was always my preferred way to be woken up. It was certainly better than any alarm. As my hands found their way to my wife's head I smiled and moaned again making sure she knew how much I appreciated this. It had been years since she did this for me. Between the kids and work and all the other parts of life you just get so exhausted. Maybe that we were on vacation had given her the enthusiasm to wake me in my favorite way.

"Oh baby, I love your mouth. You give such good head," I said as I looked at the clock to see what time it was. 9:30 the clock said as my eyes panned to the side to look out the window at the ocean view. I could hear the waves lapping through the open sliding glass door, thinking that maybe the in-laws and our kids must already be at the beach.

She suddenly sucked harder causing my hips to buck and my head to roll back. My hands firmly in her hair, I massaged her scalp as her tongue and lips massaged my cock.

"Baby, fuck yeah," I moaned as I seesawed into her mouth. "It's been too long. Come up here. I wanna be inside of you. Where are the kids and your family?"

Her tongue swirled across the bottom of my cock as she lifted her head up my dick causing me to again stretch my back out and buck into her mouth with my eyes closed enraptured by the moment.

"The kids are all down at the beach with your wife and most of the family, including my husband," I heard my sister in law say.

"Holy shit! No! We can't...," I exclaimed, but found myself trailing off as she raised herself up. I found myself speechless as her full, yet perky boobs came into view. My eyes trailed down her body taking in every bare inch. My eyes created on her flat stomach, wide hips, and shaved pussy.

"I love how you look at me," she said, her hands running up her body from her legs to her hair and back again, pulling my eyes with her hands. I couldn't get enough. "You always make me feel so beautiful."

"I've wanted you for so long," I said. 

"Take me," she said, as she stroked my rock hard cock. He hand felt smooth as she stroked me firmly.

"Come here," I said as she startled me. My hips bucked as her pussy hovered over me.

As my hands slid up her thighs to her hips she inserted me into her. I held her in place as she slowly lowered herself down my cock, her hands ran over her scalp, jutting her breasts out. Her hands slipped down to her breasts playing with her stiff nipples. As she rocked on my cock she moaned loudly upwards, her eyes closed and head leaned back.

My hands moved from her hips, sliding up her smooth skin and fondled her heaving breasts. My fingers ran across her hard nipples, teasing them. As she moaned she placed her hands on mine squeezing my hands to her.

Her pussy felt amazing and she fucked me like this was a dream come true. She was vigorous and excited and her excitement was visible as her body rocked above me. When we made eye contact she smiled and fucked me harder. 

"Cum with me," she said. As she tensed up I could feel her pussy begin to clench and I moved my hands down to her hips. I let go, allowing my seed to fill her pregnant belly. As my orgasm shot through my body I finally pulled her down by her hips, shoving myself into her as deep as possible. 

Catching our breath from our quick, intense, forbidden fuck I again looked over her gorgeous body. "That was amazing. You're amazing," I told her. 

She smiled sexily, and said, "maybe next time you can do all the work." She giggled at the tease of future shared pleasure. As she rose up, letting m softening cock slip from her, she moaned one more time. She winked at me and ran off to the bedroom allowing me to watch her pert ass as she ran from the room.

As I heard the shower start, I put my hands behind my head and closed my eyes basking in the afterglow.