 Author’s note: This story is inspired by actual events. Names are changed and some information is adjusted to create the fantasy. Enjoy!

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The party planning was going nicely. We decorated the back yard with pool supplies, stocked up on drinks, got the grill ready, and set up for a fire at the end of the night. The theme was a beach party, so everyone would come with summer beach outfits and get lei’d. You know, with the Hawaiian Leis? Yes, the old corny joke.

Our guests arrived and we cooked dinner and had drinks. My wife Alexa started to drink a little more, and as she starts to get tipsy, her inhibitions diminish. She’s a sexy girl, 5’2”, fit and blonde. She’s the kind of girl that turns other girls on.

After dinner I started up the fire and after the party had wound down, and most people went home, I got to talking with a husband of one of my wife’s coworkers. He seemed like a nice guy, tall and slender. I’m 5’8”, so I would have guessed that he’s nearly 5’11”. Dan was his name. It turned out that he was in construction.

I made small talk with Dan as my wife and his were talking.

I noticed out of the corner of my eye that Alexa and Dan’s wife Samantha, were sitting in a beach chair together. Samantha was sitting on the chair with her legs spread apart and my wife was leaning back against her chest. They seemed to be enjoying each other, because as they talked since I could see Samantha’s hand glide against Alexa’s stomach and gently caress under her shirt.

Samantha was about the same height as Alexa but slightly heavier. Her breasts were large compared to Alexa’s 32B, probably a 34 or 36D. She had straight brown hair and a slightly larger ass.

Alexa, seeing that both Dan and I were watching, started to grind her ass between Samantha’s legs. I knew that she was teasing me because she often talks about grinding on other girls while we made love. 

She turned around and gave Samantha a kiss, then got up and grabbed Samantha’s hand to lead her into the kitchen through the back door.

Dan and I looked at each other and were enticed follow.

In the kitchen the girls were talking as we entered the room. Alexa whispered into Samantha’s ear and then slowly slid her hand up Samantha’s side and caressed her breast as she sexily went in for a kiss. Alexa grabbed Samantha’s luscious ass and pulled her in so that her leg was rubbing on Alexa’s pussy.

Alexa looked over toward Dan who was standing next to me and pulled him towards the two girls. She pulled him into a kiss and gave him over to Samantha while Alexa reached down to feel his hardened cock.

I walked up behind Samantha slid my hand over her pussy, rubbing it over the cloth of her pants. I reached my other hand up to her large breast and pinched her nipple gently. Keeping this up, I unzipped her pants and reached my hand to her wet cunt, sliding my fingers inside her waiting hole.

Alexa was on her knees now, sucking Dan’s erect cock. His dick was a straight and narrower than mine. His cock was circumcized while mine was uncut, thick, and a little shorter. 

I have to admit that I did linger a bit watching Dan’s cock sliding in and out of my wife’s gorgeous lips.

Samantha decided that she needed a cock in her mouth too, so she hungrily pulled my pants down and engulfed my thick cock. As she slid it into her mouth, I could feel the back of her throat against my sensitive cock head.

Both girls sucked our cocks until we decided to move to the bedroom. Once there Dan and I undressed each other’s girl and then disrobed ourselves. Alexa and Samantha lay on the bed in front of us, waiting for our cocks to quench their hot pussies. 

Samantha kissed Alexa and then lowered her hand to Alexa’s wet cunt. As she fingered her, they passionately kissed each other. While they did this, I fingered Samantha’s pussy and Dan sucked on Alexa’s perky tits.

As Alexa neared orgasm from Samantha’s fingering, she began to moan wildly and buck her hips. I could hear her cunt become more moist as three of Samantha’s fingers pumped in and out. Alexa’s hips started to buck as a powerful orgasm engulfed her body.

After that I needed my cock buried in a pussy, so I pulled Samantha over and slid my hard rod into her. Slowly at first to get her used to the size, but then allowing her to take all of me in.

Dan did the same thing to my wife Alexa, as she wrapped her legs around his back.

As I fucked Dan’s wife, I reached down and squeezed her soft tits. she moaned in pleasure from the attention, so I bent towards her and sucked on them. 

We both fucked each other’s wives, their breasts bouncing as we pounded their pussies hard. Both girls liked it hard, their moans enticing us to go harder. A few times I was about ready to cum, but I slowed down and edged a little longer. As I kissed Samantha she leaned toward my ear and told me that she preferred my dick to his because it filled her up better. This of course made me feel good since he had a longer dick, but mine seemed to make the girls feel better.

By this time Dan had turned Alexa over to take her doggy style. Following suit, I did the same to Samantha. He grabbed Alexa’s waist and rammed his hard cock into her deep pussy. She was loving every second of it, moaning in pure bliss.

My cock curves slightly downward, so doggy style is by far the best position for my dick to send a girl into complete earth-shattering orgasms. I enjoyed the feeling of Samantha’s pussy against my uncut cock, feeling the upper wall where her g-spot resides. After a moment of revelry, I picked up the pace and our bodies slapped together.

I’m sure if a neighbor had walked by they would have gotten an earful of blissful screams.

Samantha couldn’t hold herself anymore, orgasms began to rack her body and her pussy drenched my cock with its juices. She reached over to Alexa and kissed her while playing with her tits, as she lay exhausted on the bed in a prone position. 

I was resting for a moment when I heard Alexa tell Dan to fuck her ass. My wife doesn’t do this that often, so I knew she was enjoying this new experience.

Dan wet his cock with some of our lube that we have in a side cabinet and gently began to enter my wife’s asshole. His cock head slowly opened the rosebud and slid inside. He waited there for a second to allow her tight pink hole to relax and then pushed in deeper. It took him only a couple of seconds before he was sliding his rod in and out of my wife’s ass.

I decided that Samantha should experience the same pleasure. I lubed up my cock and did the same, entering her slowly and then bottoming out my thick cock deep in her ass.

I started fucking her slowly and then picked up the pace, just as Dan had done. 

We both had been fucking for awhile when I could hear Dan’s voice panting out that he was going to cum. Alexa begged to feel his cum in her ass, so Dan kept fucking and suddenly slowed, bucking his hips against her tight ass. He drained his cock deep in my wife as she felt it pulsing inside of her.

I quickened my pace and told Samantha that I was about to cum too. She asked for me to cum on her, she wanted to be drenched. I quickly pulled out as she turned around, then I stood up so my cock was above her face and released line after line of cum. It splashed against her face and ran down her big tits.

Alexa came over and licked the cum off Samantha’s slutty face, then came up to me and kissed me with her cum-soaked lips. She went back to clean up Samantha’s tits and then gave Dan a kiss as well. I’m sure he wasn’t expecting that, but we were enjoying the experience.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Afterword:

This was an incredible experience for us that we wish could happen again, but a warning is that emotions have a heavy price and these experiences aren’t for everyone. Samantha and Dan’s relationship ended up in trouble when Dan got cocky and decided that he could get with other girls. It just so happened that he seemed to fall for his own cousin.

Alexa and I decided that in order for this to continue we needed to have a relationship filled with trust and honesty. Actions taken with others would be done either together, or with the other’s knowledge. This openness has made our relationship stronger, as we’re not afraid to talk about our desires and fantasies.