 I admit I'm a bit of a slut, always cruising public toilets and using sex apps. I never get enough sex. 

I guess i take after my dad. He's a hell of a player. I know he sees women behind my mother's back, and I'm following in his footsteps... even with a boyfriend I'm getting my dick now than ever. My brother was similar with his girlfriends. 

So my latest thing is sex parties. There's a rich guy who lives in the east end who throws them in his house most Saturdays. Usually it's all men, but sometimes he invites women too. I'm gay but that suits me, as it means I get straight dick from drunk guys if I'm lucky. 

Tonight was a lively party, maybe 30 or so people. Like usual they were all ages, late teens like me, up to early 50s. Party types and business men, several cougar-types too. 

I resisted the advances of a woman older than my mother and went to look for some guys. I sucked two dicks, younger guys like me, and then make my way to another room. It was quite dark but there was enough light to see a good 10 people or so in the room. A woman was on the round bed in the middle of the room getting used, and there were a couple of eager cocksucking guys on their knees. I went over and climbed onto the bed next to the naked woman. 

I pulled off my t-shirt but left my shorts on, then got to my knees and took a cock in my mouth. It belonged to a really hot guy with long hair, toned and a big dick. He was quite drunk and only noticed it was a guy sucking his dick after a minute or so. He pulled out of my mouth and I reached for another. Rebuffed. I had more luck with a third guy, early 40s, well dressed and very attractive. His cock wasn't huge but it was as attractive as him. 

I went to work, doing a good job for him. He was enjoying it, moaning and groaning, which is always good for business. After a few minutes I had another guy sharing my mouth with him. By now the room was getting really crowded. I reached over and grabbed a third cock, stroking it and eventually guiding it into my mouth. This guy was loud too, loving my mouth. He made love to it and it wasn't long before he fed me his load. I swallowed dutifully and noticed that I had developed a reputation for my skills, as I now has a line up of guys ready for my mouth. 

I went to work, while an older guy fed me too many poppers - a guy my age, then a sexy beardy 30-something. As I sucked one guy, I'd reach behind him and stroke the next one to get him hard and ready. The bearded guy grunted and pushed his dick deep, unloading his load into my throat while I stroked the hot cock behind him and huffed poppers. As the beardy guy was finishing I heard the sound of poppers being inhaled behind him as the next guy readied himself for my expert mouth.

Poppers were thrust under my nose as he pulled out. I inhaled deeply and then looked up for my next cock, which was poised at my lips. The guy it belonged to was swaying and clearly quite drunk and high on poppers. I ran my eyes up to the guy's face and gasped when I saw it was my dad looking down at me. He squinted a bit then realised it was me and his mouth dropped open. The guy behind him told my dad to get on with it or move. 

My dad looked down at me, swaying drunkenly and holding his rock hard cock in front of my face. What was going through my dad's head? He was clearly as horny as he was drunk. I had never thought of my dad sexually before, but in this situation it felt different. In that moment I saw how attractive my dad was, how hard and horny, and I instinctively opened my cocksucker mouth. My dad pushed his hips slightly forward and the head of his cock brushed my lips. Electricity flowed through my groin and he clearly liked the sensation of my lips because he put a hand on my head and pushed his cock into my mouth. It took me by surprise as first, I guess I really hadn't expected him to go through with it.

My dad's cock filled my mouth and I started to suck him. My dad groaned so I knew he liked it. I loved that no one knew we were related and I did my best work for my dad. Deep throating him drove him crazy, and it wasn't long before he was breathing heavily. A moment of fear hit me when I realised my dad was going to cum in my mouth, but that passed quickly and the idea made me incredibly hot. Seconds later and my dad was grabbing my head, then I felt the first warm blast of his cum on my tongue. I swallowed it for him as the second load came, then two more, my dad feeding me a clearly pent up load of his cum, the same stuff that made me. 

As he pulled out he looked at me, caressed my chin and winked. I only had a moment to smile before I was fed another cock. I hope my dad wants seconds.