 The following story was suggested to me by one of my followers, he gave me the basic outline, and I've put some meat on to it. I hope you enjoy; I always appreciate getting ideas from followers as they usually lead to a great story. Regards Jack 

*****

Amanda is in her mid-forties, 5ft 9in slim with a very curvy body. Her son Gary was twenty-two with a slim body, he was like his father, he was only 5ft 6in tall, but where he was completely different from his father, Gary had a very long and very thick cock. 

Amanda was a very sexually frustrated woman, George, her husband, was an in and out lover and was doing nothing for Amanda in bed. Two weeks earlier, Amanda had watched Gary masturbate, she couldn't get Gary's massive cock out of her head. George was working away and wouldn't be at home from Friday morning until Monday evening. 

Amanda was a woman who liked to dominate her partners, she had done this before she met George. George was now useless in bed. Every time, Amanda thought of Gary's huge cock, her pussy was dripping immediately. Amanda wondered if she could dominate but also tempt Gary over this long weekend. 

Friday Morning. 

George leaves for work just after seven. Amanda is still in bed, George doesn't even give her a kiss when he leaves. Gary is at University and will be home at one, they will lunch together. Amanda had been flirting with Gary since the day after she had watched him wank, she often thought of his hot cock juice squirting out of his thick cock, Amanda got wet when she thought of this. 

During this time, Amanda had been wearing lots of risqué outfits around the house wearing tight-fitting leather trousers and her skin-tight black leather mini-skirt. Amanda was taking every opportunity to rub up against him, she also was wearing her push up bras, Gary couldn't keep his eyes off his mum's massive tits. 

Amanda knew that she was coming on to him heavily, she was making him hard, but she was not taking it any further at the moment. She wanted Gary to want her so much then it would be so easy for her to dominate him. They had touched a lot but still hadn't kissed. 

Friday afternoon and evening they spent a lot of time together. Amanda sat on Gary's lap, she could feel his erection, this really aroused her. The thought of seducing and dominating her son was making Amanda so hot. 

Friday Night. 

Around eleven, Gary is in his bed sleeping, he sleeps naked. Amanda goes to his room. Amanda has removed her satin panties, she placed them on Gary's pillow. Amanda is now only wearing her tight black leather trousers, she had removed her bra, her massive tits looked impressive. Amanda then lay beside Gary and started to give him comfort. She was nibbling on his neck as her right hand was caressing his swollen balls. Gary stirred, then Amanda whispered, "Would my darling like his mum to bring him off, but I would like him to know that mummy likes to dominate?" 

Gary replied, "I'd love that mum, you can do what you want with me, I love how you're playing with my balls." 

Amanda then took her satin panties from the pillow, they were soiled by Amanda's cunt juice, but their smell was so sweet. Amanda then teased Gary's nose, and mouth with her soiled panties and said, "Mummy has brought her soiled panties, she would like her darling to sniff and lick her panties as mummy makes her darling cum. After you have cum, you can use mummy's panties to clean your cum off mummy's leather trousers." 

Gary was nodding in agreement as his mum was starting to dry ride, his erect cock. Mum was then moving her leather-covered pussy up and down his erection. She then dry fucked him until he shot his load on her leather trousers, Amanda said, "Tonight, I have made you cum, tomorrow night, I want you to make mummy cum by eating her hungry cunt, will you do that for mummy?" 

Gary replied, "I would love that mum, I haven't much experience of this, could mum tell me what to do if I'm not doing it correctly?" 

Amanda answered, " No problem, darling, mummy will teach you everything. I'll leave my panties with you, I would like to be with you every time you cum, but if that's not possible, then please cum in mummy's panties." 

Amanda then kissed him on the cheek and left his bedroom. Amanda went to her bedroom, she stripped naked then got into bed. Amanda was thinking how long and thick Gary's cock was as she had dry ridden it. Amanda spread her cunt open as she opened the drawer of her bedside cabinet, she brought out the dildo she had bought last week, she had made a calculated guess that Gary's cock was nine inches and three inches thick. Amanda loved how it felt when it was inside her. She teased her hard clit with her fingers as she started to fuck herself with her biggest dildo. 

Gary was playing football on Saturday morning and didn't come home until after five in the afternoon. He was a little drunk as his team had won then they had gone to the pub to celebrate. He loved how his mum looked when he got home, she was wearing a top and a tight-fitting mini-skirt, mum took control as she took him in her arms, they then had their first tongue kiss. 

Amanda could feel Gary's massive erection as they kissed, this aroused her, she felt her hungry cunt getting wet. Mum asked, "Darling, are you hungry, I bought four wonderful steaks today for tonight and tomorrow, would you like me to cook them for us now then we can have a nice relaxing evening together?" 

Gary replied, "Mum, I would love that, I haven't had anything to eat since breakfast, I also scored two goals today." 

Amanda then hugged and kissed Gary and said, "I wish that I'd been there to see you score your goals, would you like me to come and watch you play next week? Let's go into the kitchen, and I'll prepare supper, would you like a glass of wine with me?" 

They went into the kitchen where Gary poured two glasses of Chardonnay as mum started to prepare their steaks. It didn't take Amanda long to realise that with every sip of wine Gary took the more compliant he became, Amanda was not wearing a bra, her massive tits looked impressive. 

They flirted, touched and kissed as Amanda cooked the steaks. The meal was excellent, they were both impressed with the quality of the meat. They retired into the lounge and sat down together on the sofa. Soon they were both naked, Amanda knew as she studied Gary's enormous cock that it was bigger than her huge dildo. 

They kissed passionately, Amanda reaches down and squeezes his heavy balls, she massages them, Gary's cock gets harder, Amanda tickles and massages his balls as she takes the full length of his massive cock in her mouth, the bulbous head is banging against the walls of her throat as Gary ejaculates. Amanda keeps sucking, Gary cums another two times, Amanda is amazed at how quickly he recovers after each orgasm. 

Gary loved what was happening, he had cum three times, his mum had swallowed every drop of his cock juice. Gary was now desperate to give his mum some pleasure, he didn't know what to do, he felt so inadequate. Amanda said, "I love the taste of your cum darling, do you like the way your mum sucks you off?" 

Gary replied, "Mum, it was wonderful, I don't have a lot of experience, but I really enjoyed that." 

Amanda smiled then said, "I'm so happy that you enjoyed it, good sex can be amazing, have you had sex before?" 

Gary blushed then said, "I've had oral, but she didn't let me cum in her mouth, I had to tell her when I was cuming then she finished me off with her hand, you could call me a virgin." 

Mum replied, "Don't worry about that darling, mummy is going to teach you everything. Mummy is now going to open her legs for you, I want you to kneel in front of me and go down on mum's hungry cunt, then I want you to suck mum's hard clit like the way mum sucked your magnificent cock. As you suck it, I want you to finger fuck me, start with two fingers as I'm so wet then add additional fingers as I love my cunt filled, that's why I'm looking forward to tomorrow when I'll have your cock inside me. Darling, take your time, the best sex comes when you don't rush it." 

Gary then went down on his mum, he was amazed at the length of her swollen sex slit and her smooth swollen vulva, it looked gorgeous. He was also impressed with the size of her huge clit, it was like a small cock. He was soon sucking her hard clit with four fingers, mum was pushing her cunt against his mouth, Gary also felt his mum gripping his fingers with her powerful cunt muscles, it felt so good. 

Then mum had her first orgasm, he felt the warmth and sweetness of her cunt juice, he loved it and was swallowing every drop that came into his mouth. Mum came another three times, the last orgasm was a powerful one, mum's whole body was shaking as she had it. 

Sunday was a very relaxed day for both Amanda and Gary, they were both kissing and touching at every opportunity, both knew that today was the day that they would make love for the first time. 

After dinner, their kissing and touching were getting really intensive as they sat on the sofa in the lounge. Gary was rock hard, and mum was dripping wet, Amanda whispered, "Darling, mummy's hungry cunt needs your magnificent cock, mummy would like you to fuck her in her bed tonight, you can stay all night with mummy then we can do it again in the morning before you go to University, would my darling like that?" 

Gary replied, "Mum, I would love that, I hope that I don't cum too quickly as I'm very excited about this, mum, I don't have any condoms, I know that it can cause health problems if you conceive from incest, do you want me to pull out when I cum?" 

Amanda smiled then kissed, Gary, the kiss was so tender and affectionate, Amanda said, "I didn't want any more kids after you Gary, I got sterilised, you can shoot your load inside me as much as you want and I won't get pregnant, let's go upstairs then I want you to take me." 

They went upstairs, Gary felt a little uncomfortable as this was his parent's bedroom, mum picked this up and said, "If you're a bit worried about this being your dad's bedroom too then don't be. Your dad often sleeps in his study, I can't stand his smoking and snoring, in fact, I think he'll be sleeping a lot more in his study now as I'll have this wonderful cock giving me so much pleasure." 

For the next three hours Gary pounder his mum in all her three holes, it was mum who was having all the orgasms, especially when he ass fucked her doggy style. Amanda had three massive orgasms within ten minutes, brought on by the bulbous head of Gary's cock, stimulating his mum's G-spot. 

Amanda loved it, especially when Gary pounded her hard and deep in both holes. She was getting so wet her cunt was squelching with every thrust Gary gave her. 

Then Gary exploded inside his mum's hungry cunt. It was a powerful one, he really squirted inside her then Amanda held Gary's massive cock inside her with her strong cunt muscles, she was an excellent gripper and had been gripping his cock as he had been fucking her, Amanda said, "Gary, that was wonderful. I want more of this, your dad's been offered promotion, but it means that he'll have to work away from home Sunday to Friday, I'm going to tell him to take it, then we can see a lot of each other!"