 A brother returns from college and discovers that he and his sister share a kink. This story has quickly escalating and unrealistic behavior focused on shared sexual perversion, not two siblings falling in love. Themes of free use, cum and semen play form a central role in this story. There are mild themes of cheating.

Themes: Brother, sister, cum, semen, cum eating, free use, cheating, exhibitionism, voyeurism, masturbation, video, hidden camera

*****

Jason admired himself in the mirror of his childhood bathroom, happy to be home for the summer where he could take care of his problem whenever he needed to. The year of working out with friends at his first year of college had given him muscles that rippled in the mirror as he moved, and he was still captivated by not looking like a skinny teenager, although he did wish his upwards growth hadn't stopped as well.

Ah well, at least I don't have a tiny dick, he thought to himself as he eyes dropped to his swollen dick and balls. Average in length, but thick, his hookups at college had no complaints. Especially not about his cum, which he had been told was sweet and fruity. All he knew was that along with his new muscles he was now producing a ton of spunk, and skipping more than one day of getting off was a recipe for a wet dream.

With his new found confidence finding a couple of fuck buddies hadn't been a problem, but he still had to jerk off regularly to avoid the embarrassment of cleaning his sheets more than a typical college guy. At present it had been three days since his last orgasm, a record for him since about September, and bad odds for not waking up sticky. The bustle of packing up his dorm and then the overnight trip home being stuffed into his parents' SUV next to his younger sister and having to share a hotel room with her had left him without desperately needed relief.

He slipped into the shower, enjoying the familiar water pressure and quickly did a cursory washing of his hair and body. Satisfied with his cleaning, he leaned back and wrapped his hand around his cock, desperate for relief.

"Fuuuck," he moaned softly. At school he had always been forced to jerk off quickly, so he decided to draw out this session and just enjoy the sensation of an unhurried wank. Closing his eyes, his mind drifted to Zoe, his roommate Sam's girlfriend and frequent focus of his fantasies. Jason had never met a girl like her before. She was completely devoted to Sam, but despite her cute innocent exterior, Jason had been treated to a number of shows and teasing incidents.

He stroked his shaft as he recalled the first time he saw Zoe naked. Jason had left Zoe and Sam in the dorm and gone to the gym, but only twenty minutes into his workout had pulled a muscle and decided to head back. Upset with his minor injury, he was fully in the room before noticing Sam fucking Zoe. She was bent over the futon, her tone legs and firm ass on display. Sam's slowed his pace, but kept fucking her.

"Ah shit, sorry dude, thought you would be longer," he explained. Zoe turned and weakly waved at Jason, her eyes glassy with lust.

"My bad, pulled my shoulder. I can come back later," Jason said moving to back out of their dorm.

"No way! Your room too!" Sam said gesturing. He turned back to Zoe, grabbed her hips and started fucking her again. "Don't mind if we finish up do you?" It was clear Sam wasn't really asking for permission and Jason tried to play off this strange situation as if it was normal to watch your roommate and his girlfriend have sex.

Jason changed out of his gym clothes and sat down to do some homework like normal, but soon he had turned his chair around and watched Zoe. Her ass rippled with the force of Sam's thrusts and she was moaning loudly now. Sam was bent over her, and Jason caught bits of dirty talk, asking if she liked being fucked in front of an audience and calling her a slut. Zoe seemed to like this direction and soon Jason watched as her body arched in pleasure, her lips parting and face flushed as she came. Sam kept fucking her now limp body, following minutes later and filling her pussy.

"God damn that's always so good," Sam said as he pulled out an grinned at Jason. Zoe's pussy was wet, open, and dripping cum. Jason realized he was playing with himself through his gym shorts and quickly stopped. "No worries dude. Zoe likes showing off. Just no touching!"

Sam spanked her ass causing her to giggle and wiggle her rear. He grabbed a towel and wrapped it around his waist. "Join me when you're ready babe," he said as he left. Jason couldn't believe his confidence! Leaving his girlfriend naked and dripping alone with a very clearly horny roommate. Zoe made no move to stand, but did turn her face towards Jason.

"It's cool if you want to jerk off," Zoe said without a hint of shame. 

"Fuck, okay," Jason quickly agreed. "You sure Sam is okay with this?" he asked as he pulled his hard dick out.

Zoe shrugged. "You heard him, just no touching." Jason pumped his cock, enjoying the view of the young coed's tight body. Worked up he lasted only a minute before spraying himself with cum.

Zoe's eyes widened at the sight. "Wow! That's a ton!" She stood and moved closer. "Shit, that's like three or four of Sam's loads. When was the last time you came?" she asked, still naked and dripping.

In a daze Jason found himself answering. "This morning I rubbed one out..."

"No way..." Zoe said giggling and shaking her head. She winked and then slipped into one of Sam's shirts to head to her waiting boyfriend, leaving Jason alone and more than a little bit confused.

Jason moaned as he recalled that first time. Over the school year he had been treated to a number of shows. In fact, by the middle of spring Zoe spent most evenings with Sam, often having sex. One of their activities was for him to just take Zoe while she did homework and let her boyfriend have his fun.

On one occasion while Jason helped her with math problems, Sam pushed her shorts down and fucked her before pulling out and coating her face. The two kept studying until Jason couldn't take it anymore.

"You look amazing like that," Jason whispered after fifteen minutes or so.

Zoe blushed. "Like what?"

"Covered in cum. You're beautiful. Sensual," he whispered. Sam was playing a game and not paying them any attention.

"Thanks," Zoe finally responded with a grin. "A girl always likes being told she's beautiful."

Jason felt his orgasm approaching as he masturbated. He shut off the water, deciding he wanted some stimulation from his phone. He poured some conditioner into his hand to lubricate his play and slipped back into his memories of Zoe, and in particular the last encounter the week before exams where Sam let him cum on her face for his birthday. He pulled out his phone and found the picture of Zoe, her face covered in his cum. The thick white mess covered her forehead, nose, and mouth, although Zoe had scraped it away from her eyes so she could stare into the camera. A small strand hung over her smile and Jason recalled how she had grinned and winked at him as she licked her lips clean.

Outside the bathroom Annie rolled her eyes. She'd been waiting to go for almost 30 minutes and the moan from the bathroom and the lack of shower running clearly revealed her brother was jerking off. What a pervert, she thought to herself. She decided to have a bit of fun, quickly grabbing a hairpin and unlocking the door like she and Jason had learned as kids. Smiling to herself she burst into the room, deciding to pretend she really had to pee.

Jason's orgasm was cresting and he pointed his erection at the toilet when the bathroom door opened. Startled, he turned, slipped, and fell back, his cock spraying cum across the room and his naked body. Annie watched stunned as his cock and balls jerked for what seemed an eternity. Eventually he stopped twitching, and the two locked eyes.

"Ooowww," Jason moaned, more in embarrassment than pain. Annie started giggling and soon Jason joined in, the ridiculousness of the scene causing both to laugh so hard they couldn't speak.

"Sorry!" Annie finally gasped out, reaching down to help Jason up. "I really had to go, I'll use Mom and Dad's," she said as she backed out of the room. She couldn't help but take in the insane amount of cum dripping off her brother's chest and abs. When she realized she was admiring his new muscles she blushed and tore her gaze away, her eyes falling on the picture on her brother's phone. Annie gasped and fled.

Later than night, safe in her bed, Annie found herself masturbating, a rarity for her. She thought about her boyfriend Tom and decided she was going to ask him to cum on her face. She knew guys liked that and had heard her friends talk about it. Annie never allowed it though, worried she would feel too slutty. But after today it was all she could think about. She had caught a brief glance of her brother's phone and a picture that she swore was her best friend Sara's face covered in cum. Annie wasn't surprised. Sara had a definite reputation, but she did wonder how her brother got a picture and wondered if the two had even hooked up at some point.

The thought of her brother and best friend together flashed into her mind. "MMMmm," she moaned as she pictured her brother manhandling her petite friend. She focused on Sara's face, covered with cum. How slutty she looked, how happy. "Oh fuck, fuck fuuuuckk," she moaned as she came. She kept playing with her pussy as her orgasm subsided and was surprised to realize she wanted more! 

Thinking quickly she grabbed her phone and texted her boyfriend. Can you come over? When he didn't reply she quickly took and sent a selfie of herself nude in bed, another first for her. Her body felt on fire and she played with her pussy while she waited for a response.

Fuck! On my way! Tom texted five minutes later. Annie smiled, pleased with his reaction and his obvious desire. 

*****

"Ugh," Annie moaned as she came again. Her boyfriend stood over her, pumping his erection with his hand. Tom wasn't sure what had gotten into Annie! She had never played with herself in front of him before, and he was starting to realize the single orgasm he gave her with his hands or mouth during sex probably wasn't really satisfying her.

"Fuck Annie, you're so hot!" Tom gasped, his balls contracting. "So slutty!"

"Oh! Tom! Cum on my face, please baby!" Annie cried, her fingers rubbing her clit as she stared up into her boyfriend's face. "Oh cover me baby, please!"

Tom grunted as he came, his cum streaking out to cover his girlfriend's cheeks and forehead. "Ugh, fuck!" he gasped as he fell back. Annie was still playing with herself, seeking her third orgasm of the evening, but soon gave up, smiling shyly at her boyfriend.

"Have fun?" Annie asked, nervous about Tom's reaction.

"Hell yes! So amazing! Did you have fun?"

"Uh, I think so yeah," Annie answered. Tom looked at her with a burning question.

"Can I take a picture?"

"Of me?" 

"Yeah, you look so hot like that," Tom nodded enthusiastically. "Please?"

Annie opened her mouth to shoot him down then paused. What did she look like? Would she look as happy as Sara had? She bit her nip and nodded. "Send it to me too?"

Tom smiled happily and fumbled for his phone, his soft cock bouncing around in a way that Annie found hard not to smile about. When he finally found it he wasted no time. "Smile!"

Annie gave a grin and then crowded next to Tom to see how she looked. His phone was filled with her smiling face, but other than her tits the picture was unremarkable. Tom's load was so small and thin it wasn't captured in the dim light.

In fact, Annie had been right on the edge of a third orgasm after the first few spurts hit her face, but Tom had quickly stopped cumming and Annie was left hanging. After seeing her brother cum earlier she was beyond disappointed, but did her best to hide it. "Hand me a tissue please," Annie asked.

Tom set his phone down then scrambled around to find something. Annie quickly took a finger and scraped some of the cum into her mouth to taste it, startled to find she liked the taste! When Tom finally found a box of tissue he turned to see his girlfriend scraping his cum into her mouth. 

"Oh wow," Tom said softly as he watched.

Annie grinned at him and smacked her lips. "You taste good!" Before Tom could respond they heard a door open and slam upstairs, footsteps stomping across the house. "Shit, hand me my shirt!"

"Oh god, here," Tom said tossing her shirt to him, scared of getting caught. Annie scrambled into it, quickly kicking her bra under the couch.

"Annie you here?" she heard her brother call.

"Oh it's just Jason," Annie said laughing. "Yeah down here!"

"Just Jason? I feel like he's the most likely one to kick my ass," Tom said. "Dude got kinda big."

"Yeah he did," Annie said with more than a hint of admiration. Tom glanced at his girlfriend, checking himself to make sure he was proper as Jason entered the basement.

"Hey dude," Jason said, waving at Tom as he entered. 

"Sup?" Tom said, trying to hide his nervousness as he noticed a bit of sticky cream in Annie's hair.

"Just enjoying the summer man," Jason laughed. "Annie, mom and dad called and we're on our own for dinner. Wanna order some pizza? Tom you staying?"

"Uh no, gotta get home," Tom said, earning a glare from Annie. 

Jason shrugged and pulled up his phone to order some pizza.

Why'd you cum and run? Annie texted Tom.

Uh, you have a bit in your hair! I don't wanna get my ass kicked! Tom answered.

Annie pulled up her camera and blushed as she saw the small tangle near her forehead. She quickly wet her fingers and fixed her hair, thankful her brother was focused on ordering dinner.

"So, gonna be about an hour, wanna get baked?" Jason asked, pulling out a bag of weed. Annie's eyes widened.

"What are you serious?" she asked nervously. 

"Yeah, you tried it?"

"No of course not!" Annie said furiously. Her friends were trying to get her to at least give it a try, but Annie had resisted.

Jason rolled a joint then took a hit, passing it to Annie. "Trust me, the pizza will be amazing!"

Annie nervously took it and inhaled, copying her brother by holding her breath. When she breathed out she coughed hard and kept coughing as Jason laughed and watched. "Yeah, definitely a first timer!"

"Fuck I can't breathe!" Annie gasped finally.

"Relax, you're fine! Here," Jason passed over a glass of water which Annie eagerly took. A few minutes passed as Annie caught her breath, but soon she was okay.

"So why'd Tom run out? You didn't look happy," Jason said, relaxing back into the couch as he passed the joint back to Annie. She took a smaller hit this time and the coughing subsided quicker.

"Uh, you make him nervous apparently," Annie said. "Worried you might beat him up!"

"Oh what? Because you two were hooking up?" Jason said laughing. "You can make your own choices."

"What we weren't hooking up!" Annie protested. 

Jason laughed and pointed at her chest and she looked down. Her thin shirt clung to her perky breasts and her nipples stood out like beacons. "Plus I think you missed some of his cum," he said, pointing to her neck.

Annie gasped as her hand found the drying remains. "Jason!"

Jason laughed hard, rocking around on the couch as his sister blushed. "Didn't know you had it in you! Really, little prim Annie taking it on her face?" Annie's blush deepened but she giggled too. She did have a certain reputation for being uptight about this sort of thing. She couldn't meet her brother's eyes and stared at the floor. She watched as Jason shifted and felt her heart race when she realized he was adjusting himself.

"It's not like-" Annie started, but Jason interrupted her.

"Look sorry. I really don't mean to be an ass, but it's hard not to tease my little sister," Jason explained. "Besides after earlier today..." Jason hinted at Annie's interruption and the subsequent mess Jason had made all over himself.

"Oh god sorry! I feel awful about that too," Annie said.

"Eh, it's no big deal. I was taking too long in there," Jason said. He flipped on the stereo and started trying to connect his phone for some music.

Annie thought about the sight of her brother's twitching cock and torrent of cum that had sprayed over his body. "Hey can I ask you something?"

"Yeah," Jason said as the room filled with music.

"Uh, do you always you know, cum so much?" Annie asked nervously.

Jason fumbled and dropped his phone. "Shit! Uh, what?!"

Annie rushed to explain. "Sorry forget it! I just, well Tom doesn't and was just curious, but yeah way too much information!"

The two sat quietly as the music played until Jason started giggling. "Yeah it was a lot wasn't it?"

"You were coated!" Annie said laughing. "I bet you had to take another shower!"

"Ha ha," Jason said. "If someone hadn't scared the piss out of me, it would have been in the toilet."

"Uh, I don't think that was piss..." Annie said then blushed at her joke. Jason lost it at his sister's unexpected humor and fell back laughing.

"So yeah, I don't know. That was maybe a bit more than usual just because it had been a few days," he said when he could finally talk.

"A few days? Like since you had sex?" Annie asked.

"Yeah or jerked off," Jason shrugged. "I don't know what is going on, but for the last six months I have to cum like every few days."

"Have to? Sounds like some blue ball BS," Annie said, her face flush.

"Yeah, have to or I have a wet dream," Jason replied. "Look I've been to the doctor and they couldn't find anything wrong with me. They just told me to take care of myself as needed."

"Whoa," Annie said.

"Yeah, it's my life now," Jason said with a shrug before turning the conversation to catching up with Annie. The two siblings laughed and talked until the pizza arrived and Annie found she liked getting high. It was easy to talk to Jason and the pizza was good!

After pizza they shared another joint and Annie was feeling very relaxed. "So Jason, when did you and Sara hook up?" Annie asked, remembering the picture of her friend's cum-covered face on Jason's phone.

Jason looked startled and Annie rushed to explain. "Look I don't care at all! Just curious."

"Sara, like your friend Sara? We haven't?" Jason answered, confused.

"What, but I saw her on your phone, when you know..."

A light clicked in Jason's head and he pulled his phone out and brought up the picture of the smiling, cum-covered Zoe. "This one? That's Zoe, my uh, roommate's girlfriend, but yeah she does look a lot like Sara now that you mention it!"

"What?! Your roommate sent you a pic of his girlfriend!" Annie asked shocked. "Fuck and do all guys cum that much?" Annie was even more disappointed in her first facial experience now.

"Well, not exactly..." Jason explained the situation to his sister and he couldn't help but notice how her nipples hardened and her lips parted as he recounted his past year at college.

"Wow that's crazy," Annie said in disbelief.

"Yeah crazy awesome!" Jason laughed. "Damn, now that you point it out Zoe really does look like Sara!" He pulled up social media for each girl and the resemblance was uncanny. "I wonder if they're cousins or something?"

"I don't know, but I could ask!" Annie laughed. "I bet you'd really like to paint Sara like that, wouldn't you?" Annie reached out to tickle Jason's side and he twisted away. She tried to follow him and her hand brushed along a very hard bulge in his shorts.

The siblings froze. "Sorry!" Jason said quickly pulling away and adjusting himself. "It's just, uh, well the pictures of Zoe and Sara and thinking about that... Look the trip back home wasn't short and once isn't enough for me!"
