 Disclaimer: All characters depicted are 18 years of age or above. This is only a fantasy, and I do not condone any of the acts in this story in real life. 

BEACH HOUSE FROM HELL

~~CHAPTER 1~~

The sun had begun to set on the horizon, bathing the beach house in its blood-red light. Tranh Ho was a giant of a man, his body mostly muscle with an admitted percentage of flab. His shaved head and penetrating eyes gave him a harsh look that matched his personality quite well - on this evening especially. He lay on his back on a bed that was not his own, in a beach house that did not belong to him. He lay naked, hands pillowed behind his head. 

"AAAAhhhh!! Oooohh!" A petite young girl moaned on top of him. The Thai girl - Achara was her name - now humped his cock, sitting astride him as her tiny body bounced frantically on his. 

The brutal criminal looked up casually at the girl. She had a pretty, delicate face and shoulder-length hair. Her eyes were squeezed shut as her pussy bottomed out on his shaft again and again. 

"UHH!! PLSS!" Muffled shouts of protests came from the bedroom closet. Tranh chuckled as he looked up at the girl.

"You hear that, bitch? Your mom doesn't appreciate being tied up. She probably loves listening to your moans, though. Mmmm. I bet that turns her on, listening to her daughter get raped. Now are you going to be a good girl and keep fucking with zeal, or do I need to hurt Mama?"

Achara frantically shook her head no. She splayed her hands on her rapist's muscular chest, slamming her cunt down with even more force. Her small, young tits were bouncing as she fucked. 

"Please Sir, don't hurt her. I'll be good! I swear! I'll fuck you. I'll do whatever you want."

Tranh's eyebrow quirked upward. "Oohh. Anything?" He raised his voice and called out. "Did you hear that, Makok? This slut is up for ANYTHING. You want to have some fun with this sexy little bitch when I'm done with her?" A few moments later a wiry yet muscular man padded into the bedroom. He was as naked as his boss, just much leaner, not an ounce of fat on him. He eyed the teenage girl fucking desperately on Tranh's lap, his face spreading into a lazy grin. 

"I'm all ears, Boss. Come to think of it, I wouldn't mind fucking this little cutie's ass. It looks awfully TIGHT." So saying, Makok stepped up to the end of the bed. The girl Achara glanced back with a look of alarm.

"Please!" she cried, and from the tone it was clear she was not looking forward to the prospect of being anally raped. But the men ignored her, treating the exclamation as a cry of encouragement. Tranh gestured at his man.

"Listen to the little bitch squeal. I think the idea of being ass-fucked excites her. Climb aboard and let's see if we can double-pump this young slut." 

"Oh no, please. I've never been fucked in the ass before, Sir. Oh please, don't. I'm begging you," Achara whimpered. She was pressing her hands firmly to Tranh's chest for leverage now, her cunt pumping swiftly up and down his now-glistening manhood. He admired the way she impaled her teenage sex on his raging shaft, but that didn't mean he was willing to be merciful. Quite the contrary.

"Quiet, little bitch. Rest your pussy on my cock now and sit still. Let Makok get in position." 

With a suppressed sob, Achara obeyed. She felt the fullness of Tranh's cock embedded in her as she settled still on his lap. Looking back, she watched as Makok spit on his hand and liberally rubbed the saliva up and down his vein-engorged manhood.

"See, bitch, I'm hard for you," he growled. Positioning the head of his cock near her tightest opening, he slowly, very gradually, began to push. 

"Face forward, young slut. Look at me," Tranh rumbled. 

Bent over Tranh, the beautiful girl's face now contorted in disbelief. Her eyes began to water, and then she groaned loudly. 

"AAAAHHHH!! Oh god!" Achara groaned as Makok's shaft invaded past her sphincter, prodding into her ass. He began a ginger but steady rhythm in and out of her bottom, his hands holding onto her ass cheeks, spreading them as he watched his cock take her. 

Renewed shouts of muffled fury carried from the closet, the mother's desperate protests dulled by the panties, secured by duct tape, in her mouth. 

"You hear that, don't you Mama?" Makok called out. "Your daughter's ass is very sensitive and very tight, and it's taking a very big COCK now. You'll hear many sweet sounds as she squeals now, Mama. Try to savor them!" So saying, Makok continued to plunge his raging hard-on into the girl's tender ass. Meanwhile, Tranh ordered the girl to resume fucking.

"Uhhh!" Achara wailed, gingerly moving her cunt up and down his cock even as she felt Makok spearing into her from behind. "Please, I can't take two at once," she implored. "He's too big, Sir. Please!"

"Lean over and kiss me," Tranh ordered. "Come on, bitch, if you're going to complain I can put that mouth to better use!" 

Obeying the man who had her mother's life in his hands, the girl submissively leaned forward until her lips met his, until he kissed her savagely even as he felt the walls of her cunt snug around his shaft. 

"Mmmm!! I like your taste, little bitch," Tranh growled between kisses. 

"Please!" Achara huffed as she felt the ache in her ass joined by an odd double-fullness that brought - no, it couldn't be - mounting pleasure. Her body, the nerves along the thin wall separating her anus and pussy, felt as if they were on fire, and with widened eyes the girl looked at her captor. 

"You feel it now, young slut, don't you?" He brought the girl's face down for another kiss, his tongue forcing its way between her lips as her groan turned into more of a strained coo. 

"Uhhh!! Ooohhh!!" Achara moaned as Makok and Tranh coordinated their efforts, the two cocks flying through her tight holes in tandem, fucking her without mercy. The slickness in the girl's cunt was unmistakable now. She was aroused from the double-penetration, two cocks furiously awakening sensations the girl had never felt before. The girl's slender body trembled on Tranh's lap as she continued to pump her cunt frantically up and down his hard length. And then he was nearing his edge, and the crime boss knew he couldn't hold out much longer. 

"Keep kissing me, bitch. Explore me with your tongue," Tranh roared, and the girl's tongue frantically dove to mingle with his. He grasped the back of her head and held her face tightly to his as he felt her moan deepen. Her body flailed and shuddered on his lap, and that was when he knew that the girl had reached the throes of orgasm. Her teenage body quaked as her fluids coated his cock with their pungent slickness and scent. The thin membrane between her pussy and ass allowed for an overwhelming assault of double-stimulation as the two cocks pumped with furious and pulverizing force. 

"UHHH!! Can't hold it, Boss!" Makok grunted, pulling his cock out of her anus until the distended opening gaped for him, then plunging it back in to the hilt until his balls gently smacked against her ass cheeks. 

"Then don't," Tranh growled. "Cum in her sweet little ass for all I care. I'm going to fill her sweet little pussy in just a moment. UGGHH!!" 

Suddenly Achara managed to pull her mouth away from her brutal rapist. Breathless, sweat trickling down the cleavage between her supple tits, the girl managed to gasp one last plea. 

"Please don't cum inside. Please, Sir!"

But Tranh grasped her by the nape of the neck. "Pregnancy is the least of your worries, bitch. You should be grateful if I let you live!" As soon as he finished delivering the threat, the crime boss let loose a guttural shout as his cock began to twitch inside her. The naked teenage girl could only moan as she felt the thick spurts of seed despoil her aching pussy, turning it into a sticky mess. Meanwhile Makok was nearing his ultimate bliss. The wiry 22-year-old thrust forward into her ass to the hilt, groaning as his cock began to twitch in her bowels, filling her ass with a hefty load of cum. 

"UGHHH!!" Makok growled, wringing out every drop of sperm from his heavy testicles until he was totally spent. Finally, pulling out of the girl, he watched as big globs of cum dribbled out of her sorely stretched anus. 

The girl had collapsed forward onto Tranh's hefty bulk, and now she was panting, still breathless, as his cock softened and slipped free of her pussy. He felt rather than saw the warm stream of excess jism ooze out of her cunt and onto his pubic hair. 

"Go get the mother. She can clean up all this cum," Tranh growled. 

"Good idea, Boss," Makok said with a thumbs-up. He yanked the naked middle-aged woman out of the closet. Her wrists were bound behind her, and her ankles were also roped tightly together. Makok thrust the woman to her knees and then ripped off the duct tape, yanking the panties out of her mouth.

"You see that cum dribbling out of your daughter's pussy and ass? You're going to lick it all up. Understand?"

The mother's eyes widened with disbelief and horror. She was beautiful, just like her daughter. If her more ample breasts were not quite as buoyant as her teenage girl's, they were still supple and well-formed, and her slim figure still inspired the male appetite. 

"Don't make me. Please. Please, let my daughter go. Take me!" the mother implored.

But Makok gave her ass a harsh slap with his hand that echoed in the room.

"No backtalk, bitch. Start cleaning or your daughter will suffer." 

Obediently then, the mother reluctantly began to lap up the cum that had seeped from her little girl's ass onto the sheets. Then, once she was done cleaning that up, she craned her neck forward and began to lick up the cum in Tranh's pubic hair. Once she had finished with that, Tranh shoved Achara aside, stood up, and took two pairs of handcuffs from the backpack he'd left in the corner. 

"Facedown on the bed, little bitch." 

Achara quickly obeyed, watching as the big man cuffed both of her wrists to the headboard of the bed. Then the crime boss knelt down at the end of the bed, eye to eye with the mother. He pointed at the young girl's gaping sex, its lips swollen from the harsh fucking she had just received. 

"You see that? I want your tongue in your daughter's pussy. You keep licking that pussy until me or my protégé tells you to do otherwise. Understand?"

Miserably, the woman nodded. "Y-yes Sir. I'll do what you want. Just please d-don't hurt my daughter." The woman's noble-looking and beautiful face now nudged forward. Her tongue began to flick at her daughter's sex. When she seemed too tentative in her movements, though, Makok retrieved a whip for added motivation. As the whip slammed into the mother's backside, her ministrations became much more fervent. Soon she was licking and feasting on her daughter's cunt with real gusto. Achara's slender body stiffened at the forced pleasure. Minutes later the scent of her aroused fluids filled the bedroom.

"Please Mama, no! Ooooohhhh god," Achara sighed, her face dipping low. After a while, the wet sounds of slurping filled the bedroom and gathering cunt juice began to flow onto the mother's tongue.

"Keep going at it. If you stop, we'll know, and the punishment will be worse than anything you can possibly imagine, sluts." Tranh motioned to his man, Makok, who followed him out of the bedroom and onto the patio of the beach house. Together the two men stared out at the picturesque waves as they rolled onto shore, the rhythmic whitecaps of the ocean offset by the waning sunlight glinting on the water. In the background, they could hear the daughter's moans getting louder and more pronounced. 

"What's the plan, Boss?" Makok was Tranh's second. He wasn't the only man Tranh trusted, but he did trust Makok more than anyone else. The two had grown up in the slums of Bangkok together. They were closer than brothers. 

"The plan? Well, at a certain point I am improvising, my friend. For now, we wait."

This was a politician's family. He had been making trouble for a certain Thai police chief, a police chief who didn't appreciate the unwanted scrutiny. The corrupt chief had paid Tranh a tidy sum of money to stop by the politician's home and 'send him a message' while the politician was away. Raping his wife and two daughters seemed like a fairly clear message to Tranh.

"We wait until the older daughter returns home," Tranh added. Picking up his phone, he checked the time. "Not too much longer."

Sure enough, after about fifteen more minutes, they saw a sexy young woman walking along the shore toward the beach house, wearing nothing but a bikini bra and panty. Tranh gestured toward the bedroom, where Achara's moans had reached new heights. 

"Ohhh god! Mama, OHHHHH!!" Achara's squeals resounded from the bedroom as her mother brought her to orgasm. Tranh imagined the girl's fluids spurting into her mother's mouth, and it made his dick harden.

"Go shut those two up and make sure they can't cause trouble. We have one more cunt about to join the party!"

"You got it, Boss," Makok nodded and rushed inside. 

Tranh found a perfect place of concealment beside the patio and waited. He would enjoy breaking the older daughter. Kannika was only 21, and judging from the close-up photos he had seen, she was every bit as attractive as her younger sister and mother. But one thing gnawed at Tranh. This politician was an idealist, a true die-hard believer who wanted to root out corruption. Was it wise to make an enemy of such a man, even if he didn't have much in the way of real power? The thought nagged at him, but Tranh thrust it aside for now. He had more important decisions to make. The corrupt police chief had given Tranh significant latitude in now he wanted to deal with the family. Raping the mother and two daughters was just the beginning. It was his decision what to do with them afterward. Keep them as his own personal sex slaves? Sell them to another? Kill them and leave them for the authorities to find? Or simply leave them alive, to tell their story once Daddy/Husband got home? 

Tranh's lips curved upward into a cruel smile. The Dawa gang crime boss relished the sense of anticipation. So many possibilities...

So many torments and delights to come... 

~~CHAPTER 2~~

Tranh waited as Kannika sauntered up the steps. Kannika's face was slightly more heart-shaped and less angular than her little sister's. She was pretty in a more traditional sense, perhaps. There was perfect symmetry there, though, and her cute little nose and long pony-tail of black hair finished the picture quite nicely.

"Mama? Achara? Helloooo? Where are you guys?" The slender girl was absolutely gorgeous, her alluring breasts straining beneath a hot pink bikini bra which matched the hot pink panty covering her sex. The girl began to walk into the living room, still calling for her little sister and mom. Just as Kannika strode into the master bedroom, she gaped. Her little sister was cuffed naked, face-down on the bed, her mouth gagged with duct tape as she made muffled protests. Her mother was naked face-up on the bed beside the little sister, her wrists also cuffed to the headboard, with a panty thrust into her mouth, duct tape over her lips too. 

"Oh my god!" Kannika cried out just as Tranh leapt from behind. He put her in a head lock and brought the knife to her face. 

"Easy, bitch. You struggle, you die. Got it?"

Makok had burst from the closet, ready to spring into action if she put up too much of a struggle.

"Please, don't hurt me," Kannika yelped. 

"Take off your clothes, bitch." Brutal and sudden, the two rapists didn't even give their victim time to adjust to her new and appalling reality. 

Staring at the knife in Tranh's beefy hand, the girl slowly nodded. 

"Okay." She was blushing now, but she did as they asked. She took off her bikini bra, letting it drift to the floor as her big, beautiful tits spilled into view. Then she undid her panty and let it fall to the floor to join its mate in the skimpy ensemble. Her sex, perfectly shaved, her pink pussy fully exposed, made Tranh's mouth water.

Now the girl was completely naked except for the seashell necklace dangling between her breasts. Tranh decided to let her keep it on for the time being. He motioned at her roughly. 

"Bend over and show us your pussy and ass in full view."

Kannika's blush deepened, but she did as she was told. She leaned forward, and the two men admired her athletic body. They also admired her gaping cunt and well-sculpted ass cheeks. Kannika stayed silent, probably because she knew where this was going and knew that to fight it would only make things worse for her. Slowly, carefully, Tranh stepped up behind her. His fingertips skimmed along the smooth skin of her back. 

"Rest your elbows on the bed, bitch." 

Kannika obeyed again, trying not to look at her mother. She rested her elbows on the bed and let out a sudden hiss when Tranh began to finger her pussy.

"Your pussy is tight. Let's see if we can make it wet enough so that my cock will slide in easily. What do you say, bitch? Hmm?"

Sensing what her captor wanted to hear, the sexy girl looked back at him with a heavy-lidded gaze. 

"Please...fuck me," she murmured.

SWAT. There was a loud slapping sound as Tranh's hand smacked directly against her exposed sex, and the girl let out a yelp.

"AY!!"

"I didn't hear you, slut. Speak UP!"

"Please fuck me!" Kannika squealed. "Please fuck me!"

"That's better," Tranh growled. He kept rubbing her clit with his saliva-coated fingers until he could feel her cunt juicing up in response. He trailed his fingers along her labia, then probed deeper into the folds of her sex, pumping two digits inside of her like a pair of tiny cocks. Then, when it was clear that her body's natural instinct of arousal had finally taken hold, Tranh positioned his cock-head at the girl's opening. 

"Now look your mother in the eyes. And Mama, look your daughter in the eyes too. Makok, make sure these two are doing what I say." Tranh's second came to stand beside the bed. When the mother's eyes didn't open at first, he roughly grabbed her by the hair and slammed her head back against the pillow. 

"Open your eyes, bitch!" Makok roared. 

Mother opened her eyes, her beleaguered gaze now locked with her older daughter's. 

"Good. Mama, you get to see the look on your little slut's face as I rape her. I want you to watch every second of it. If you watch, she gets fucked in her pussy. If you close your eyes, if your attention wavers, I take her in the ass, just like Makok took your youngest girl. Understood?"

"Yes, Sir," the mother said weakly. "Please, I'm...I'm watching," she said dejectedly. Kannika and her mom locked gazes now. Kannika's slender body stiffened as she felt the head of Tranh's cock began to press between her labia. Then he suddenly swept forward, filling her to the hilt, his cock plunging deep until only his testicles were visible. 

"Ooohhh...yes, such a snug fit. Bitch, your pussy loves my cock. It's wet and warm and squeezing me like the ultimate vice," Tranh growled as he began a rhythm, fucking her doggy-style, his body plowing into hers again and again. 

Kannika's cute little grunts joined his deeper ones as he continued to fuck her. He loved the sight of his cock sliding deep into the girl's snatch, his shaft soon slick with her juices. 

"Mmmm. Are these two still looking at each other, M?"

Makok nodded. "They're behaving so far, Boss."

"Good," Tranh grunted, his cock slamming into Kannika once more. "Very good." He kept going at it, relishing the girl's tight fit. His hands gripped the girl's shoulders as he leaned forward, using that grip for the perfect leverage as he slammed their bodies together more violently. 

"Uhhh! Beg for it, bitch. Beg for my cock."
