 I wish to express my appreciation for the editing and numerous helpful suggestions of Literotica editor Candace Frazier. 

*****

Sophia, a 22 year old slutty tease and wife, loves sex. She also loves to tease guys; and even more so because Robert, her husband, loves to watch. Robert takes Sophia, dressed in a tight fitting strapless mini-dress, to the Paradise night club, a sometimes rather rowdy club. 

Inside the club, she teases four young men unmercifully; rubbing against them, grinding her ass into their cocks and allowing their hands to squeeze her ass. Robert is at the bar watching. He loves for sexy guys to rub their hands on her body, feel her up, and attempt to fuck her. 

When one young man tells her he wants to get into her pants she replies, "I'm going to let you." Then, she goes to the restroom and when she returns, she dances with him and gives him her panties. 

He tells the others, "God damn! She is hot and willing. I'm going to get me some of that."

At some point, she tells the young men, "I'll be right back," steps out the door and into the car where Robert is waiting to quickly drive off before any of the guys realized what was happening. Sophia tells Robert, "I was so turned on. If you hadn't rescued me, I was about to let them fuck me." They return home and have wild sex. However, the young men are left hanging.

Every two weeks and sometimes more often, Robert and Sophia go to a club and play their sexy game. Several times Sophia would squeeze and feel a guy's cock until he squirted in his pants; especially if he was a bit of a nerd and she knew he wouldn't or couldn't force her. At least she would attempt to and sometimes she would make a nerd squirt if they were sitting at a table. 

When sitting across the table she would remove her heels and rub his cock with her feet, usually that would only tease him. However, if sitting next to him, her hand would be under the table, in his pants, and stroking his cock until he squirted.

The table would hide the fact that her hand was under the table and in his pants and stroking his cock. Robert loved for Sophia to stroke a guy's cock and make him squirt. He encouraged it and would ask Sophia to tell him all about it. And, Sophia loved being the naughty wife.

Actually Sophia was more than a bit of a slut before she married Robert and, at times, she still is and will fuck another guy when Robert's not around. Sophia was gangbanged several times before she married Robert and she wouldn't mind having another gangbang if the situation was right. However, Robert doesn't know that or much about her past and she was not going tell him.

There were a dozen clubs they could choose to go to so as to not be known in any club. A week later, they went to an almost all black club in the black part of town. Sofia felt up the big black cock of some 6'3", 250 lb ex-linebacker. She told him his big cock would stretch her pussy so much that she wouldn't even be able to feel her hubby's little dick for two weeks until her pussy shrunk back to normal. 

However, he became overly aggressive and with a club full of blacks, she had to think fast for an excuse so she and Robert could quickly leave. She told Robert, "Let's not go back there for a year. Those black guys will castrate you and gangbang me whether I say 'No' or not." However, that narrow escape was so exciting that her pussy was dripping wet when she and Robert got home and they had a great night of fucking. 

Two weeks later when they went to another club, Sophia was wearing another tight fitting mini-dress that clearly put her assets on display. 

The four young men, Arnold, Bill, Carl and David, that a month earlier she teased and left hanging, also happened to arrive moments before Robert and Sophia. Recognizing Sophia they watched Robert and Sophia get out of their car and enter the club. Inside the club they noticed that Robert sat at the bar watching as Sophia was meeting and dancing with other guys. It was soon obvious that Sophia was flirting with and teasing other guys.

"That fucking cock-tease," Bill said to the others. "That bitch needs to be taught a lesson."

The guys discussed it and devised a plan. Carl had some prescription sleeping pills in the van. Alcohol would increase the effects and cause dizziness and confusion. Sophia hadn't tease Arnold so while he danced with her, Carl crushed the pills and slipped them in her drink. Sophia continued to tease Arnold while sipping on her drink. When she seemed a little woozy, Arnold suggested she get some fresh air and led her to the side door out of the view of Robert.

Bill moved the van to the side while Arnold took Sophia out the side door. As soon as Sophia was outside, the guys quickly put her in the Van and drove off.

The guys with Sophia in the back of van drove to a farm house in a secluded area. Then the guys removed Sophia's mini dress and placed her on a sleeper sofa.

Sophia woke up, with a headache, wondering where she was and how she got there. On the nightstand, she finds a letter stating, "You will not be harmed or touched without your permission, except as necessary to keep you from escaping. Also, whether you call it rape or sex, you will be released after completely sexually satisfying four young men during a 12 hour period of sexual passion in which you will do whatever is asked. That will include oral and vaginal, but probably not anal sex. 

"To the extent possible, everyone will be gentle and careful so there will be no pain except you may receive light spankings on your bare bottom with a hand and then no harder than when people clap during an applause. It may make your bottom pink, but not red and you must consent to having your bottom spanked. The sex games may include bondage. Therefore, part of the time, you may be tied up and blindfolded.

"You will be given a safe-word that will immediately stop the session and you will be returned to your room. Then, when you choose, you can start over again from the beginning. The only stipulation is that your body must respond. Therefore, you must enjoy it and have orgasms. Otherwise, you will have failed to be a good sex plaything and you must start over again at the beginning. 

"You can start now and be released tomorrow or you can wait a few hours, days, weeks, or months. The choice is yours. If after three months, you do not agree to have sex, you will be released. 

"A video will be made of the sex session and you will be given the video on a password protected thumb drive." [Sophia is not told that their faces will be obscured.] "Approximately eight to twelve hours after the sex session you will be taken to a semi-public place and given your cell phone so that you can call a taxi. 

"In the meantime, your room is your castle. We will knock before entering and will not enter without your permission and will leave immediately if ordered. No means "No", stop means "Stop", and leave means "Leave." Our names are Arnold, Bill, Carl and David. If you wish to talk, there is a button to push to signal us. We will attempt to furnish whatever you wish to eat, or any book or movie on a DVD."

'What kind of fucking shit is this? What kind of insane creeps have kidnapped me?' She pushes the button. Arnold knocks and she says, "Come in. Release me immediately and take me back. Kidnapping is Federal felony and you can go to prison for 20 years to life." 

Arnold remains calm, refuses to release her, and just confirms what was in the letter. Sophia gets upset so he says, "I must leave since I am upsetting you. If you wish I can bring you a couple of tranquilizers." He then quickly leaves.

'What the hell? Those guys are scary.' Sophia sits on the bed for a moment. Then she opens the chest and finds night clothes and under clothes. Sophia finds a comb, hairbrush, toothbrush, toothpaste, etc. in the bathroom. Sophia wants more information and she doesn't really wish to be alone so again she pushes the button and Bill knocks. She asked about clothes. He replies, "Your mini-dress and perhaps other outer clothes will be returned when you are released. In the meantime you will not need your dress but you may wear the sleepwear and underclothes."

Everyone talks nice to her, with no threats or aggressive moves. At times, one may ask, "May I give you a foot massage," or "May I give you a back rub," "May I kiss you." or "May I fuck you?" Sophia quickly discovers that, except for freeing her and giving her any clothes, they will do as she asks so she relaxes and is no longer afraid and is reasonably comfortable being with them. Besides, Sophia knows how to control men, but she is apprehensive that after they fuck her, they may have other very dark intentions.

Meanwhile, Robert wonders if Sophia left with some guy to go fuck. Robert suspects that occasionally Sophia will fuck another guy. 

Sophia was concerned that Robert would be worried. So they let her record a message that said, "Robert, I am fine. I will be home in a few days and explain everything at that time." The message was left on his answering machine while he was out. 

Sophia didn't like being alone so the rest of the day, she and one to all four of the guys talked, played games, and touched her when she allowed it. That night, she let one of the guys sleep with her and he fucked her twice. However, although she asked, he wouldn't let her go.

The next day Sophia decides she would rather be fucked than to be held in captivity. And, if the guys are not rough, fucking won't harm her and, since she has had gangbangs before and liked them, she might enjoy it. Therefore, to get her freedom and to go home she agrees. However, when they tie her up and start to blindfold her, she gets frightened and uses the safe-word. 

Immediately, Sophia is freed and returned to her room. That gives her the assurance that she has control so, after a few minutes, Sophia realizes that all these guys are after is her pussy and kinky sex, and it is kind of sexy that they are putting out this much effort to get it.

Besides, Sophia, like many women has rape fantasies and in her rape fantasies she is gangbanged by a half dozen sexy good looking guys and with her fantasy about to happen her pussy becomes dripping wet.

Sophia, wearing only a pullover top and panties, pushes the button:

When Bill come in she says, "What I need, is some guy to rip off my clothes, and rape my married pussy by stuffing it full of a big hard cock and hammering it so deep and furious that I'm hollering, and babbling like an idiot."

"Fuck yeah!" Bill replies. Bill and the others were going to fuck Sophia in the room with a camera in the ceiling, but a hard dick doesn't think about that. Bill gets undressed, climbs in bed with Sophia, strips her naked and puts the bone to her. By the time Bill squirts deep in Sophia's pussy, she has her legs wrapped around him, and is clawing at his back and moaning through an orgasm.

It is not long before the other three discover this wanton and shameless slutty whore and give her the gangbang rape that she has been fantasizing. They quickly set up a camera and kept fucking her pussy and mouth, causing Sophia to scream through a dozen orgasms before their balls completely drained, leaving Sophia fuck-dazed, glassy-eyed, legs apart, and cum seeping from her pussy and mouth.

The guys and Sophia rest for a while. Then while the guys showered and fixed something to eat, Sophia takes a leisurely bubble bath.

The guys give Sophia a few items they had purchased for a few dollars at a garage sale. Sophia selected a halter-top and short shorts. And, still being a tease and slutty wife, she only half zipped the shorts.

The guys blindfold her and drove a couple of miles before removing the blindfold. And, with Sophia looking so sexy with her shorts unzipped to just above her pussy, one of the guy's was able to get it up again and fucked her in the van.

They drove Sophia to where they had parked some junky car that would take her as far as she needed to go. Sophia put her shorts on, but she left them unzipped. 

They had purchased the car from an individual that signed the title, but left the name blank. They had wiped the car clean of fingerprints. Of course Sophia's pussy is full of their DNA. However, their DNA is not in any database.

They told Sophia that the car was payment for her services and she could either title it in her name or sell it.

"I'm not a prostitute."

Bill said, "All married women are prostitutes, and exchange sex for the money and lifestyle their husband gives them. So there is honor in being a prostitute. And, your pussy is much better than most all the other married women."

Sophia is given two thumb drives; each with the videos and password protected. "The password is abc31415926535897932384626XYX. That is abc followed by the first 22 digits of pi without the period, followed by XYZ. That is unbreakable and easy to remember because she can look up pi on the internet.

"You can report us to the police. However, if you report us to the police, we will send copies of the video, which shows how much you enjoyed fucking us, to your parents and your husband's parents, where your husband works, friends, neighbors, and we will post it, along with your name and address, on the internet. In any event, we are only visiting this state for a couple of months and will soon return home so you will never see us again."

"I'm not going to report it. I don't need my judgmental neighbors making snide comments and blaming me for what happened. Besides, I liked it and wouldn't mind a repeat sometime," Sophia replied. Then she hugged and kissed the guys goodbye, got in the car and drove one way while the guys drove another.

"Where have you been for the last two days," Robert asked when Sophia walked in the door.

"I was abducted and fucked by one of the four guys, I was teasing at the Paradise club a few weeks ago, but I'm not reporting it to the police. Anyway, he lives in another state and I'll never see him again."

"Why not? Did he threaten or harm you?"

"He didn't harm me, but if I report it to the police; he threatened to send a copy of the video on this thumb drive to our neighbors, family, and people we know. And, you know how neighbors and other people are. Their gossip, snide remarks, and blaming me for what happened would be forty times worse than getting fucked in a consensual way."

"You consented to him fucking you?"

"Finally I did. It was either that or he would keep me locked in a bedroom. I could have been home over two days ago, if I hadn't held out and just fucked him when he first asked." 

"May I see the video?"

"Sure," Sophia replied and handed him one of the two thumb drives.

Robert came back a few minutes later and said, "It's asking for a password."

"Yes, the guy said he would give me a password. I guess he forgot." Sophia wasn't about to give Robert the password. She knew nothing good can come from her husband viewing the video. First he would catch her lie when she said it was only one guy and he would probably get angry over the fact that she enjoyed getting gangbanged by four guys. Therefore, it is best that Robert doesn't know about the gangbang and how much Sophia enjoyed it.

"Maybe I can guess the password. How many times did you fuck him? "

"One time; he tried to fuck me again, but couldn't get it up. I think he was too afraid that he might get caught. I just lay there with my legs open and didn't do anything to participate. After he fucked me, he blindfolded and drove 30 minutes to an hour to where the junk car he gave me was parked. I have no idea where he kept me. He may have driven me 50 miles or he could have been driving in circles. The bedroom was always locked and I couldn't see out. I was never outside except that one time when he blindfolded me took me to where he had parked the junk car."

Robert would finally give up trying to play the video. And, without viewing the video, Robert couldn't be that upset with Sophia since he believed her lie that she was only fucked one time, and that Sophia didn't enjoy it and only lay there passively. 

Like most women, Sophia is an excellent liar. She knew what Robert didn't know wouldn't hurt him, and especially important, it wouldn't hurt her. She certainly didn't want any of the guys to get caught and reveal her lies. Even if they did get caught, she would say it was someone else.