 "Cassi, are you awake?" I heard the question as if it was coming from very far away. As I begrudgingly began opening my eyes I felt the familiar hard lump against my backside that I am sure many married woman feel each morning. My husband Matt, had his hand on my shoulder and was gently urging me to wake up with soft shakes and tender kisses on my neck. He moved his hand from my shoulder and snuck it between my legs.

"Wow, Cassi!" Matt exclaimed, "Been having sexy dreams about me baby?"

I turned over so we were face to face and smirked, "You caught me". I leaned forward to kiss him on the lips. Now, that wasn't entirely true. I had been having a really sexy dream, but it hadn't been about my husband. Some large and muscular stranger had been kissing me all over. Matt had woken me before things had really gotten good, but I was still incredibly wet and turned on. I am sure Matt had fantasies from time to time that didn't include me so I didn't feel overly bad. I felt that after a little over a year in marriage it was perfectly normal to think about someone else here and there, and I had no intentions of acting on those fantasies. My rationalizing helped me to push some of the guilt away. 

Matt was kissing me desperately and I could feel his hard on against my thigh. I figured I could assuage the rest of my guilt by going down on him. What Matt didn't know wouldn't hurt him and besides, as I began kissing my way down his neck and naked chest, I didn't hear any complaints. I reached his midsection and with a smile and a wink to my husband I pulled his boxers off to reveal his cock. 

"Oh baby", was all I heard from Matt has I enveloped his cock head with my lips. I was pretty experienced when I had met Matt at a wedding my senior year of college. After just two partners, both long-term boyfriends, throughout all of high school, I had managed to add on to that number significantly in college. Those partners routinely complimented me on my oral skills and Matt had been no different. He didn't know how extensive my sexual history was, but some things are better left unsaid. And again, I didn't hear any complaints. 

What I did hear was my husband moaning and muttering softly as I worked over his cock. At first I stayed at the head, swirling my tongue around slowly while I softly massaged his balls. I pulled my lips off his cock and slowly started jacking him as I cupped his balls in my mouth. After letting each ball fall out of my mouth with a satisfying "POP", I licked my way up the entirety of his shaft. Once at the top I once again took his cock head into my mouth but this time I didn't stop there. I worked the whole length of his cock down my mouth with one thrust. 

This wasn't overly difficult for me since Matt didn't have an especially big cock. It was right around average in length, I'd guess about 5 inches. He'd snapchatted me a picture once of his cock over a ruler. The head was right past the 6 inch mark but I could tell he'd moved the ruler under his balls at least a good inch. The girth of his cock was what made it really easy to deepthroat. Matt's cock was quite thin. His cock definitely wasn't the smallest I had ever been with, but it was far from the biggest. I didn't mind though, I was able to do a lot of fun things with it in my mouth and I could cum on it if I was on top. Plus Matt was rather good at oral himself, so I was often left satisfied. 

I worked his cock all the way into and out of my mouth several times. Doing my best to gag on him for effect. I could get it all on in without gagging, but if I got it at the right angle I could get it back there and Matt loved that. By now his cock was covered in my spit and I took a second to look up at his face. I jacked his cock with one hand and fondled his balls with the other. I examined his face to gauge how close he was to cumming. He was biting his lip and the desperation on his face told me he was getting close. Equipped with that knowledge I dove back in and took the length of his cock down my throat one more time before coming back up to work my lips and tongue over his head. I bobbed my head up and down with increasing speed as I heard him take shorter and shorter breaths.

It wasn't long at all before he grabbed a fistful of my hair and moaned through gritted teeth, "Oh yes, right there, yes baby, yes Cassi I'm cumming, I'm cumming, fuck..."

I felt the first shot of cum hit the back of my throat and I immediately began swallowing. A couple more shots, each weaker than the last and Matt was spent. I kept my lips locked around his cock head and squeezed the last drops out of his now softening cock before looking up at him with a smile. He looked down at me with awe in his eyes and he was about to say something when we heard the "BRING, BRING, BRING," of his phone alarm. 

"Oh no baby, I'm sorry I've gotta get up for work," Matt looked at me apologetically. I was disappointed because I could feel that my soaked pussy and I had been looking forward to him returning the oral favor. 

I looked at Matt with a sympathetic smile and kissed him real fast on the lips and rolled over to the side of him "Its okay baby, go make us some money." He worked as a corporate accountant and he did quite well for himself. He smiled and rolled off the bed and stood to stretch. Matt was a couple years older than my 25 and while he still looked decent he was no Adonis. He stood at about 5'10" although if anyone would ask him he was an even 6'0". He had dark brown hair that he kept close cut on top of his head and shaved shorter on the sides. He kept his face clean-shaven, although that was more out of necessity than choice, he didn't grow a particularly robust beard. His pale chest and stomach were mostly covered with darker hair. He didn't have much muscle definition but only a true cynic would call him fat. I smacked his butt as he walked towards the bathroom to start his morning routine. He whipped around and shot me a mocking death glare. I winked at him and said, "I'm gonna go back to sleep since I have today off."

He glared at me as I stuck my tongue out at him and teasingly said, "Lucky you," before closing the bathroom door. 

I pulled the disheveled covers over myself and snuggled back into the pillows. I was a teacher at the high school in our small town, and the school had recently shifted to a four-day school week in effort to save some money. So, on a Fall Friday like today, I was free to do with my time as I chose. I could feel that my pussy had absolutely soaked my panties and I was a little uncomfortable, so I kicked them off under the covers and tossed them to the side of the bed. Liking the feel of my skin against the sheets I pulled off my oversized t-shirt so I was completely naked under the blankets and drifted back off to sleep. 

I woke up to the "BZZ, BZZ" of my phone vibrating on the bedside table. I stretched out, waking myself up. The fabric of the blankets felt nice against my naked skin and I was all too aware of how wet my pussy still was. "Maybe I'll break out my vibrator and take care of myself before a little shower," I thought to myself.

I looked over at my phone first to make sure Matt hadn't forgotten something. I turned the phone screen on and my mouth dropped open. My screen told me I had a text message waiting from Patrick Christopher. My heart was beating so fast and so hard I thought it was going to jump out of my chest. Patrick Christopher had been the star athlete at my high school, the football quarterback, star guard on the basketball team and all around baseball star. He had stunning good looks and a wicked smile that could melt even the coldest of stares. Naturally, he was a little cocksure and very confident in himself, but not in an off-putting way. He was very charming, funny, smart and most of all he was incredibly nice. He always had smiles and kind words not only for his best friends and cheerleaders, but also for nerdy underclassmen and overweight girls. Safe to say I (along with every other girl in the county) had a massive crush on him through my whole high school career. 

Even though we had gone to a smaller school in an "everybody knows everybody" sort of town, he had been good enough to get a full scholarship to a major college in the south to play both football and baseball. I hadn't followed him especially closely, but I remembered hearing he had been drafted into professional baseball and I imagined that was what he was still doing. As I racked my brain for why this heartthrob had texted me my phone buzzed again. I now had two messages from Patrick Christopher!! My hands shook as I unlocked my phone and went to read the messages.

Patrick: I just had a crazy dream that you were my landlord and I couldn't pay rent so you evicted me! >laughing emoji<

Patrick: Sorry idk why I sent you that. Im ridiculous lol. Hope all is well!!

I had no idea what to say back. I was simultaneously over the moon that THE PATRICK CHRISTOPHER had a dream about me and also apprehensive as to why he would text something seemingly innocuous and then immediately apologize. I had always thought Patrick out of my league in high school. He had my phone number because I am pretty sure everyone in our graduating class had everyone's phone number, but I was still flustered and without a solid plan of action I left my phone on the bedside table. I resolved to decide my next move while in the shower. 

As I walked into the bathroom I caught a view of myself in the mirror. I played with my long dark brown hair that ran past my fair skinned shoulders as I admired myself. I am rather short, 5'3" and a little heavier at 140 lbs. Luckily for me, I carried most of that extra weight in my large breasts and sizeable hips and ass. I had been active in high school, in sports and activities, but in my first year of college I had fell victim to the fabled Freshman Fifteen. My boobs had jumped from a size 32C to 36D but so had my belly and thighs. Over my first summer back home I committed to working out and getting back into shape. Fortunately, when the pounds started to shed I kept my new boobs and now I wore a size 32DD bra and thankfully, they still stood tall and firm on my chest. My nipples were fairly average in size and my areolas were a dark pink that contrasted well with my naturally fair skin. My eyes traveled from my ample bosom to my equally large ass. I had always had a great ass. I had caught many boys staring at it, even when I was in high school. I maintained a regular regiment of lower body exercises like squats and hip thrusts at the local gym in order to not only keep my weight in check, but also to keep my ass firm and large. So far, it had worked like a charm. 

As I examined myself in the mirror I remembered just how horny I was. Desperate for some release I turned on the shower and stepped in. I wasted no time removing the detachable showerhead and sat in the corner of our shower. I went straight for my aching clit and my other hand found its way to my erect nipple and waves of pleasure began to rack my body. I closed my eyes and my mind began to wander back to my dream from this morning. Only, this time instead of an unknown man, my lover was Patrick. As I imagined his large muscular hands working their way all over my body, my breaths got shorter and shorter. The pressure from my groin grew stronger by the second. I imagined what Patrick's cock must look like. It had to be big; no way it wasn't with the confidence he carried. In my mind's eye he pressed an above average sized member into me while I caressed rock hard abs and large built shoulders. Before long my body seized with a massive jolt of pleasure. Wave after wave went through me, starting from my clit and working through my groin up into my chest and came out my mouth in barely audible gasps. My legs locked and my toes curled in intense pleasure. 

I finally regained control of my body after what felt like a full minute. I was completely spent. That had to be the most powerful orgasm I'd had in months. I gingerly stood back up and replaced the showerhead. As the water cascaded over my now satisfied body, I knew what I had to do. I had to delete those texts and pretend I never got them. I had no way of knowing Patrick's true intentions, but I could already tell from my fantasy session just seconds ago there was no way I could control myself when it came to him. 

As I was coming to this revelation I heard the "DING, DING" of our doorbell in the downstairs of the house. "Shit," I said aloud. I had forgotten that I had invited my best friend Chloe over for lunch today. Chloe and I had gone to high school together, but we didn't really become close until we had gone to the same college. We were even roommates off campus as upperclassmen. Chloe had become an elementary music teacher in our same little town and we often spent our Fridays off catching up and enjoying coffee or wine (more often wine) with each other. 

I knew Chloe would let herself in so I took an extra second to actually clean myself in the shower. I heard her bouncing up the stairs as I wrapped a towel around my naked body and walked into my room to retrieve some clothes. 

Chloe was taller than me, about 5'7", and much thinner. She did not have nearly as big of boobs, she wore a size 28B bra, or ass as me, but she was still very good looking. She kept her blondish brown hair just above her shoulders and always managed to wear an outfit that accentuated her long tanned legs. Today that was a short jean skirt that did not hide much at all paired with a simple t-shirt. She was single, but that was by choice, no shortage of heads turned when she would walk past. 

"Good morning sleepyhead, how are you doing today?" she asked as she walked in and scanned the room. Her eyes found my soaked panties on the floor and my sleep shirt with it. "Looks like someone has a happy husband today," she said with a smile. 

"He is happy every day Clo," I said with my back turned to her as I rummaged in the closet for something to wear.

"How could he not be?" Chloe mused, as she suddenly ripped my towel off me, "When he sleeps with someone who looks like that!"

I let out a startled yelp, and tried to cover myself up in surprise. "Oh stop, no reason to be modest now. I've seen you plenty," Chloe said to me. Then she smacked my ass hard and I yelped again. She was always playful, but I never could work up the nerve to find out if she was just playful or if she was actually interested in something a little more. My nipples hardening again told me what I already knew though. I was interested. Although I preferred men, I wasn't scared of same sex dalliances. I had my share of kisses with other women and my freshman year college roommate was one of my many satisfied oral customers. 

Chloe flopped on the bed and let me be. I found a cute pair of yellow cheeky panties on top in my underwear drawer and pulled them on. They covered about half of my large ass cheeks but couldn't handle the rest. As I searched for something to support my breasts I heard Chloe remark, "Oh nice! We match".

I turned around to see her flip over onto her stomach and pull up her skirt. Her ass cheeks were tanned and toned and wedged in between them was a cute yellow and white striped piece of fabric. "Damn she is really making this hard for me today," I thought to myself. I turned back to my bra search and found a matching yellow floral print push up bra. I didn't know why, but I really felt like impressing Chloe today. I finished my outfit with some cute jean cutoff shorts that went just past my ass and plunging black v neck t-shirt top. 

"HOLY SHIT!!" I heard from behind me. Thinking maybe Chloe was talking about me again I turned around ready to flirt, but my words caught in my throat when I saw Chloe was holding my phone up with the messages from Patrick on the screen. 

"Okay, you have to tell me what is going on right. NOW!" Chloe commanded. I briefly explained how I had just gotten those texts out of the blue and I planned on deleting them and not responding. 

"UH-UH. Nope, No way." Chloe said frankly and immediately started typing on my phone. 

"NO! Chloe stop!" I lunged at her hoping to stop her, but she pushed send before I could get there. She handed me the phone and I looked down at what she had written.

Cassi: I wouldn't have evicted you. I'm sure we could come up with some sort of way for you to pay me >winking emoji<

I stared at Chloe with fear and anger. "What the hell? You make me sound like some kind of lame-o porno slut!" I shot at her.

"And that's a bad thing? That is Patrick Christopher dreaming about you Cass! You text him back and you try to get him into your pants pronto!"

"Have you forgotten that I. AM. MARRIED!" I pointed at my ring for emphasis. 

"I love Matt and all Cass, but he is no Pat, especially not downstairs," Chloe said knowingly. 

"Now what is that supposed to mean?" Now I was defensive, but a little curious. 

" Well, you have told me about Matt's, and you know, I've SEEN Patrick's and from my understanding it really wouldn't be much of a competition. And, do you not remember those eyes Cass?" Chloe seemed to be drifting off into a daydream about Patrick's blue-green eyes that had featured heavily in many of my own high school daydreams.

I sat down on the bed and Chloe's attention came back to me. "Clo, I love Matt though." I didn't want to do anything that would jeopardize my marriage. Matt was too important to me.

"Don't be silly Cass, I'm not telling you to leave Matt. Hell, I'm not even telling you to cheat on him. Just, you know, flirt with Patrick a little bit. Come on, Matt will never know."

I looked at my friend and didn't know what to say. I loved Matt. There was no question I wanted to spend my life with him. He was an incredible person. On the other hand though, I had the chance to maybe sext a little bit with the literal man of my dreams. Matt would never know right? My internal dialogue was interrupted by the "BZZ, BZZ" of an incoming text. My heart started pounding again when I saw the sender. Chloe reached for the phone and I jumped up from the bed so she couldn't take it. I looked over at her and then something she said dawned on me. 

"Wait, you've seen Patrick's? You know..." I questioned. 

A huge smile broke over Chloe's face and she bit her lip while remembering. "OH, YEAH".

"WHEN?!" I practically shouted at her. 

"Senior year of high school, right around homecoming. We fooled around a little bit"

"Fooled around?" I was intrigued. I had no idea this had happened.

"He gave me the best sex of my life. Literally, still to this day. I was cumming constantly Cass. His hands, his tongue, Oh my God his kisses. I was in heaven. And his cock Cass," she gave a short little whistle and shook her head. 

"What?" I egged her on. I was hanging on every word now. 

"HUGE", she mouthed back at me. "Biggest I have ever had by a long shot. Long, thick, everything. And best part, he knew how to use it. I couldn't walk right for a week. The volleyball coach ripped me apart for me being so sluggish and slow at practice the next week!" She laughed at that and so did I. Chloe had been a really good athlete and the idea of her falling over herself was very funny.

"Why did you never tell me?"

"I don't know. I guess I just knew how all the girls in town felt about him and figured you must feel the same. I didn't want to make you jealous or something while we were still becoming friends and then it just never came up as we got older."

I flopped down on the bed next to her. "You fucked Patrick Christopher. Holy Cow"

She lay down next to me and whispered into my ear, "If you text him back, maybe you could too."

Her words drew my attention back to the text I had just received. I looked down at my phone and nervously opened up the message. 
