 Caught: Jenny

 

Constructive comments are always welcome and appreciated. Please refer to my profile for more on my personal policy regarding comments, feedback, follows, etc. And please remember, this is a work of fiction, not a docu-drama...

 

I sat in the hospital waiting room, wondering if I should stay or if I should leave. Part of me wanted to run, far away, and let the cheating bitch wonder where I was. But I had to confront her one last time.

Let me back up a bit. My name is Mike Gregory. I’m a CPA for the accounting firm of Thomas and McMaster. I’ve been married to Jenny for just under five years, but that would be changing very soon.

After I graduated from high school, I enlisted in the Marine Corps and was made a disbursing clerk. I was one of the guys who made sure our Marines got paid. It wasn’t a glamorous or thrill-packed job by any stretch of the imagination, but I loved working with numbers. Liars can figure, but figures don’t lie. And I liked that part of my job.

After my stint in the Corps was over, I went into the Reserves and finished my bachelors degree in accounting. I had started my education while in the service, so it only took three years for me to finish my degree and meet the state requirements for a CPA license. I met Jenny in my senior year of college. She was working to become a paralegal, and had hoped to become a lawyer at some point in time.

We met, dated and married the September after graduating from college. I started working for Thomas and McMaster and she went to work for the law firm of Johnson and Associates, a company that specialized in family law.

Things were great for the first four years, or so I had thought. Jenny knew that I would be gone for Reserve drill one weekend out of the month and two weeks out of the year, and she was okay with that. Fortunately, I never got sent overseas after becoming a Reservist, but I knew there was a possibility it could happen.

Our life together during that time was terrific. We loved each other and had mind-blowing sex several times a week. We had rented a nice apartment, and was thinking about buying a house and starting our family.

Things began to go off the rails after the fourth anniversary of our marriage. Jenny began going out on Fridays after work, allegedly with “the girls” to blow off steam. I didn’t think too much of it and didn’t complain, since I would sometimes go golfing with some of the guys from the office.

At first, she was always home by 7:30 or 8:00 pm and we would spend the rest of the night making love. As time went on, though, she began getting home later and later. One time, she didn’t even get home until 7:00 am the next day, claiming that she spent the night with one of her friends rather than risk driving home drunk.

A call to the friend’s house confirmed that, and we went to the bar to pick up her car. Of course, the friend could have been lying to cover for her, but I had no real proof of that. I was rather pissed and told Jenny if it happened again to call me and I would pick her up and bring her home.

“Yeah, whatever,” she said with a wave of her hand.

That was the beginning of the end for us. Jenny became more dismissive, more disrespectful, telling me I had no right to ask what she was doing outside of work or the home. True, I didn’t own her, but it seemed to me that if she really loved me, she would at least let me know where she would be so I wouldn’t get worried.

I also noticed that her clothing -- what there was of it -- was often disheveled when she came home from these outings, and she frequently smelled of cologne and something else. She would rush into the shower as soon as she got home and of course, she was “too tired” to have sex on those nights.

Being a CPA, I also took care of all our accounts and our bills. Jenny and I both had our checks deposited directly into our checking accounts. Ten percent of what we made went into a savings account for a house and other things. Things were normal for the first four years, but I began to notice some changes in her spending habits.

For example, I noticed that she began buying sexy lingerie at Victoria’s Secret and club wear from some of those online companies, but I never saw what she had purchased. I asked her about the purchases, but she dismissed my questions, telling me to mind my own business.

“I don’t mind you buying nice things,” I said, “but I haven’t seen any of this stuff. What are you doing with it?”

“None of your business,” she said haughtily. None of my business? What the fuck?

I also noticed that her salary didn’t seem to increase on the fourth anniversary of her employment with the firm. I asked her about it, but she just blew me off.

“No, I didn’t get a raise,” she claimed. “No one did. Things have been a bit slow lately.” Of course, I knew that was a lie, because our firm did the year-end audits for a number of companies, including Johnson and Associates, and I knew the law firm’s revenues had increased significantly over the previous year. I made a note to look deeper into this when I got to work.

Then there was the end-of-year holiday party at her work. I always thought of this as “Christmas,” but her firm decided to be politically correct and call it a “holiday” party instead. Whatever. At first, Jenny tried to talk me out of going, which raised red flags.

“I know you really don’t like being around my co-workers, so why don’t you just stay home this year?” she asked. “After all, you really don’t want to be around a bunch of stuffy old lawyers.”

“Maybe I just want to spend the evening with you,” I said. She sighed and shrugged her shoulders.

“Well, okay, if you insist,” she said. “But I intend to spend time with my colleagues and I can’t have you hanging all over me all night.” What?

“What do you mean, ‘spend time with your colleagues’?” I asked. “Don’t you see them every day at work? And during your evenings out?”

“Well, I might get asked to dance with some of them,” she said.

“Okay,” I said. “You have room on your dance card for your husband?” She rolled her eyes and sighed again.

“I guess I can squeeze you in somewhere,” she said.

“Well, don’t force it,” I said.

We went to the party, and I hardly saw her the entire evening. She introduced me to a few of her co-workers as her “pencil-pushing ball-and-chain” and ran off to dance with one man after another. Her co-workers looked at me with pity and hardly no one spoke to me.

I never did get a chance to dance with her, and I noticed that she had left the party more than once, coming back some time later with some guy grabbing her ass. If I didn’t know any better, I could have sworn she had fucked one or more of them.

“Okay, I’m ready to go,” she finally said, slurring her words. She was clearly drunk and her clothing and makeup looked disheveled. I grunted and headed out to the car. She followed and tried to kiss me when she got inside, but I pushed her away, noticing something foul about her breath.

“What’s the matter?” she asked.

“Your breath reeks,” I said. “What have you been drinking?” She giggled.

“Wouldn’t you like to know?” she asked.

“I couldn’t help but notice that you couldn’t even bother to give your husband a dance, but you spent the whole night with everyone else,” I said.

“Yeah, so what?” she asked, getting perturbed.

“I also noticed that you were gone a lot,” I said. “Where did you go?” She laughed.

“That’s none of your business,” she said. Nothing more was said the rest of the trip home. Naturally, there was no sex for us that night. Jenny tried to make up for her attitude during the rest of the holiday, but I could tell things weren’t what they used to be.

After the holiday season, Jenny went back to being a bitch. Our sex life went from several times a week to maybe once a week, if that. Her time out with “the girls” increased and her attitude towards me only got worse.

A couple of weeks after the holiday party, I spoke to George Wilson, the accountant who headed up the annual review of Johnson and Associates and learned that everyone in the firm had been given a huge bonus and a significant pay increase. Jenny, for example, had received a 30 percent increase in her salary and a $10,000.00 bonus. But none of that money was deposited in our account. What the hell was she doing with it?

I thought about asking her, but decided against it. With her attitude, I figured she would only lie about it and use my inquiry as an excuse to start an argument. So I asked George if he could dig into it a bit and get back to me. He assured me he would and asked me to give him a couple days.

Two days later, things went to hell in a hand-basket. George came by my office and showed me some of what he had found. The records we had from their firm indicated that Jenny had her increase automatically deposited in an account she set up with another bank. I wondered about this, but realized that she was apparently planning to leave me. He also told me they had found some “irregularities” in the company’s books that could cause some problems. I made note of the account and thanked George for looking into it.

That afternoon, my phone buzzed, letting me know I had received an email in my personal account. The subject read, “What your wife is doing behind your back.” Opening it, I saw a video attached. That video was the end of my marriage.

I recognized the players as soon as I opened the video. One of them was Jenny and she was completely naked, her legs spread. Between her legs was one of the assholes I saw grabbing her ass at the holiday party. Only this time, he was doing more than grabbing her ass. He was fucking her bald pussy full of his cum.

It was bad enough seeing my wife screwing another man, and no, it didn’t excite me in the least. Their words cut me to the bone and filled me with a rage that could only be described as “murderous.”

“Oh yes, baby, fuck me full of your cum,” she said.

“Is this better than your limp-dick husband?” he asked.

“Way better,” she said. “He can’t even get it up.”

“Maybe I should knock you up,” he said. She laughed.

“Do it,” she said. “I’ll make my asshole husband think it’s his. He won’t know any better.”

“You going to keep fucking everyone else at the company, the way you’ve been doing for the last few months?” he asked.

“Not if you get me pregnant,” she said. “Come on, fill me up with your cum. I wanna make my stupid husband eat it out of me.”

“Here it comes,” he said, before giving a final grunt. After he finished, he pulled his cock out her. A stream of semen poured out of her pussy. She reached down with her hand and smeared the asshole’s sperm on her wedding ring, then laughed.

I stopped the video, unable to watch any more. I looked at the email to determined who sent it, hoping it was just a sick joke. I sent a reply, “Who are you and when did this happen?”

A few minutes later I received a response.

“I’m Traci Williams, the wife of the asshole in the video and I know your wife. This happened yesterday. Do you wish to meet? If so, call me at XXX-XXXX.”

Of course, I wanted to meet. I had a million questions. How long had this been going on, for starters. This video explained quite a bit of what had been happening between us the last few months. I took down her number and called.

“Hello,” a female voice said. “Is this Mr. Gregory?”

“Yes,” I said. “Please call me Mike. Is this Traci?”

“It is,” she said. “I take it you’ve watched the video.”

“Some of it,” I said. “I want to meet and find out what’s going on.”

“Okay,” she said. “Meet me at the Starbucks around the corner from your office. Twenty minutes.”

“I’ll be there,” I said, ending the call. I closed down my work station and headed out, telling my secretary I would be gone for a while. It took me 10 minutes to get to the Starbucks, so I ordered coffee and waited.

A few minutes later, an attractive woman entered the shop. She looked around and came over when she spotted me. I invited her to sit down and offered to buy a cup of coffee after we introduced ourselves to each other. After getting her order, she pulled a manila envelope out of her large handbag and gave it to me.

“Everything you need to know is right here,” she said. I looked inside. In addition to photographs, there was a report put together by a private investigator and a flash drive. “The flash drive has videos, more photographs and a digital copy of the report. I’m sorry you had to learn about their affair like this.”

“How long has this been going on?” I asked, my heart breaking.

“At least four months that I know of,” she said. “Maybe longer. I know she’s been with several others at her firm. That’s also in the report.”

“Just out of curiosity, why are you telling me all this?” I asked.

“Because I intend to name your wife in my divorce and that affects you,” she said. “Besides, I thought you should know. That is, if you haven’t already figured it out.”

“I’ve suspected something for quite a while, but I didn’t have any real proof,” I told her. “So what are you planning to do?”

“I’ve already told John that if I ever caught him cheating that I was going to divorce him,” she said. “Like you, I’ve suspected for a while but I didn’t have any real proof. I caught him once before and threatened divorce, but he warned me that if I did, his firm would destroy me. You know of their reputation, right?”

“I’ve heard Jenny talk about how they often destroy spouses they go up against,” I said. Frankly, I was amazed at some of the things Jenny told me about their firm. I was even more amazed by the fact that so far, they had gotten away with what they had done.

“‘Win’ is their motto,” she said. “By any means necessary.”

“So you’re going through with it this time,” I said. She nodded her head.

“I am,” she said. “Now that I have ironclad proof of his infidelity.” It was my turn to nod.

“So what do you want from me?” I asked.

“Nothing,” she said. “I just wanted to do the right thing.”

“Not even a bit of revenge?” I asked.

“Nope,” she said. “No offense. You seem like a great guy, but until this is done, I’m not going to do anything to screw it up.” I nodded my head in understanding.

“No offense taken,” I said. “I understand completely.”

“In fact,” she added, “I don’t think we should see or speak to each other again until it’s all over.” I had a whole new respect for this woman.

“That makes sense,” I said. “Thank you for this information.” She stood up and prepared to leave.

“You’re welcome, Mike. Again, I’m sorry,” she said. She reached in her purse and handed me a business card. “This is my attorney’s name and number. She’s a real shark, and she’s expecting to hear from you.” I took the card and thanked her. I considered everything she told me and was dying to know what was on the flash drive. I called the office and took the afternoon off, then walked to the parking garage and headed home.

When I got home, I went straight to my personal computer and inserted the flash drive. There were several videos on the drive, all of them showing Jenny engaging in very explicit acts with different men, including John Williams. Some of them showed Jenny with John and at least one other man.

A scene in one video made me sick to my stomach. The camera caught Jenny going into the bathroom. She didn’t bother closing the door for privacy as she normally did. As I watched, she took off her rings and urinated on them as she sat on the toilet. I could hear John laughing his ass off.

“Damn, you’re one nasty bitch,” he said. “I hope you wash those things before you put them back on.” She laughed.

“Yeah, I will,” she said, putting the soiled rings on the sink. “Besides, the only time I ever wear them is when the loser is around.”

“Why don’t you just divorce him if you think so little of him?” John asked. She shrugged her shoulders.

“I still like him a little bit. Besides, it’s more fun doing this behind his back,” she said. “Maybe one day I’ll have you and the guys come over and we can make him watch us fuck. Maybe we can set him up like we do some of the other guys we go up against and then destroy him completely.”

“You wanna make him your willing cuckold?” John asked. She smiled.

“He won’t like it at first,” she said. “He’ll probably fight it for a while, but once he realizes just how much damage we can do to him and his reputation, he’ll give in. You want to help me?”

“If that means I get to fuck you anytime I want, hell yeah,” John said. She giggled like a little girl.

“Good,” she said. “I just know he’s gonna love sucking your cum outta my pussy.”

I couldn’t believe this was the woman I had fallen in love with. The bitch didn’t know it, but she had just declared war, and I swore to give her a war she wouldn’t fucking believe.

I read the PI report, which said Jenny and her lovers often met at the Marriot Hotel downtown at least once a week, and always spent the night at least one weekend a month. Last month, the report said, John had spent an entire weekend with Jenny at my house. Looking at the schedule, I realized those were the weekends I was on my Reserve drill.

I looked at my watch and realized I still had some time before she got home, so I pulled out the card Traci gave me and called.

“Law offices of Sally Hawkins,” the receptionist said. I introduced myself and made an appointment to see Sally the next morning. After that, I logged into our bank account and did the usual dance one does before a divorce. I paid off and canceled our joint credit cards, then opened a separate account in my name only. I then transferred half of our money into that account.

Then I went to my gun safe and pulled out my .45 caliber M1911A1 pistol, still in its holster. I grabbed a fully-loaded magazine and inserted it into the pistol grip and attached it to my belt. The state we live in requires a permit to carry a pistol, and I made sure my permit remained current. I also had a concealed carry permit, but rarely took advantage of it. After hearing Jenny and her asshole lover, I didn’t want to take any unnecessary chances.

I went into what used to be our bedroom and grabbed a suitcase and an overnight bag. I tossed some of her clothes in the suitcase and put her toiletries in the overnight bag. I really didn’t care how I packed her clothes. I set the packed luggage next to the door.

I was sitting at my computer when Jenny came home. I activated the camera on my phone, which I always kept in my shirt pocket. The phone was tall enough that the camera lens peeked out over my shirt pocket. She seemed shocked to see me home before her.

“Mike, what are you doing home so early?” she asked, walking into the bedroom that doubled as my office.

“I had things to take care of,” I said nonchalantly. Then she saw the pistol on my hip.

“Why are you wearing that?” she asked.

“Self-protection,” I said. “By the way, I have something to show you.”

“Oh?” she asked. “What?”

“Come on in, you’ll find this very interesting,” I said. She walked in and stood beside me, looking at the computer. I pulled up one of the video files and played it for her. Her eyes grew wide as she watched herself get fucked by two men.

“Well,” she said. “I guess you’ve caught me.”

“I reckon so,” I said. I was a bit surprised by her reaction. I had hoped she would have at least apologized or shed a tear, but she didn’t. If anything, she was more arrogant and condescending than normal.

“I suppose now that you know, there’s no need for me to sneak around any more,” she said. “So I’ll be bringing John by the house from time to time and yes, he’ll be spending the night. In MY bed. And yes, you’ll watch and if you’re a good boy, I just might let you suck his cum from my pussy. Too bad, really. I had hoped that we could’ve kept this from you a bit longer, but I see no need to wait.”
