 No one under eighteen, this is pure fiction, try not to confuse it with reality. Just a quick read. This could fit in several different categories. I hate categories, but I was forced to pick one, so I picked loving wives for the vitriol of it’s readers. It’s fun to piss people off once in a while. I wanted to do a BTB and a RAAC at the same time. I probably failed, but trying to do contradictory things is like that. I hope that someone out there gets a kick out of it.

Change Of Attitude

Ralph got up to get some water. Delores lay on the bed in a post coital daze. She was smiling ear to ear and she was dripping sex juices all over the place. She had forgotten how really good he was. She was so satisfied, and the main event was still to come! She would persevere. This opportunity wouldn’t come around too many times in her life, maybe only once. Ralph handed her a small water cup. He was so very thoughtful. She did love him, even if she didn’t show it. 

Robert burst in the door. He was angry beyond words. He stuttered, “De,De, Delores! H-h-how could you? And with Ralph my best friend.” He was so upset he was sputtering.

Ralph was drinking his water and he sputtered it out, and started laughing, almost uncontrollably. Even Delores had a bit of a giggle.

“She’s been my woman for the last two and a half years. So why are you two sniggering?” Robert always seemed to get things bass-ackwards!

“Well my so-called best friend, you might have forgotten this lovely woman was my bride twelve years ago today! So it’s time for us all to fess up, come clean. I agreed to give her something very special for our anniversary tonight. You are part of that. Where do we start? How about your wife and kids?”

“What about my wife and kids?”

Robert’s eyes narrowed with sudden suspicion.

“Every time you were here with Delores fuckin’ up a storm, I was with Gail, also doing the nasty. Little Lisa and young Bobby are both mine. You are shooting blanks. The medical reports are on the dresser there. Gail didn’t think you would mind, as you were very busy with Delores here. It would seem your intense desire to cuckold me did not work out quite as you planned. Some of the things you said about me were very mean, impolite and downright untrue.”

“Also, if you keep claiming ownership of her pussy, I’m gonna shove the mortgage for this house up your ass. You should try to be nice to me, as I am your benefactor and the sperm donor for your three children.” Robert’s eyes went wide.

“I only have two children! Wait, do you mean...?”

“Yes, I knocked Gail up again. If you don’t want the kids, I would be so happy to take care of them. Just say the word.” Robert looked like he had been punched in the gut. 

“I already am paying child support, I paid your wife’s medical and prenatal care, and I paid for all the kids medical needs since they were born. I have college funds set up for all three kids. I also have an emergency trust fund and insurance, in case you and I both died, or became somehow incapacitated. So your kids are well cared for, financially speaking.” Ralph explained.

“Why did you do this? Because Delores can’t have babies?” Delores looked at him with sad eyes. Delores burst into tears.

“That was a very shitty thing to say Robert. Very inconsiderate of her feelings. I thought you loved her? I strongly suggest that you apologize this instant before I rip your fucking head off. How could you say that?”

“You are right. Delores? I am truly sorry about what I just said. I am an asshole. I beg of you to forgive my stupidity. I am so very sorry. I truly was not thinking. Please forgive me.” Robert was very contrite. He was just so shocked to discover everything that was going on, that he forgot what truly hurts some people. Even if it was the truth, you don’t have to hurt people.

“It’s okay Robert. I forgive you. You and I are kind of in the same boat. You can’t have kids either. That’s why I am so happy to babysit for you and Gail all the time. There is nothing I wouldn’t do for those children. I would die to protect them.” Delores was happy thinking about the babies.

Ralph spoke, “That goes for me as well. I would gladly trade my life for theirs... Robert, I am sorry to spring this on you tonight, but there is one other thing --” Delores interrupted Ralph.

“-- Rob, I have another lover. I am a total slut and a skank. I need it more than you and poor Ralph here can give it to me.” Delores was unconsciously rubbing her dripping cooter. Sperm and her juices were practically running out of her hot snatch.

“So when I met Fred, and we hit it off... Well he picks up the slack, when you two boys can’t finish the job. That, and my vibrators keep me sane. I am a sex addict Rob. The doc calls it, um...hypersexual. They used to call it nymphomania. I just can’t get enough cock in me. I have to cum between fifteen and thirty times every single day. I wear out my batteries. I disgust myself. I am a true skank. I feel worthless most of the time.” She hung her head.

“Anyway, Fred Bosco is coming over soon. He had to go clean out a clogged toilet on his way here. The life of a plumber!” She smiled at the thought of his prick, big and wide.

“I thought his name was Boscovitch.” Rob sorta asked.

“Just shortened it up for folks to remember, and it fits on his truck’s sides easier. His legal name is Boscovitch.” She explained.

“Ok, Fred’s coming over, I am here, and Ralph is here. What is going on?” Rob had not connected the dots.

“Ralph agreed to give me a gang bang for our anniversary. You three guys inside me, in all my holes. Please say yes! I’ve wanted this and dreamed about having my three men at the same for years! It’s a bucket list thing for me.” She looked at Rob expectantly.

Just then, the door opened slowly. Fred walked in slowly. He was quite a bit shorter than either Ralph or Robert, but he was stocky, and obviously very strong. His hands were big and calloused. His whole person looked tough from hard use. He had on a dirty tee shirt, cut off jean shorts, and work boots. He was a working man, through and through.

“Ok, what the hell is going on here. Delores? Why am I here with your husband Ralph and this guy? Isn’t he your other lover? What the fuck.” Fred was irritated.

“Hi, I’m Ralph. You know me. You’ve been fuckin’ my wife here a couple of years. I have a confession to make. Whenever you were here, between my wife’s legs, I was doing the same thing to Rachel. The two kids you have, I was the sperm donor for them. You are not able to have children, but Rachel wanted them with you. And you know my wife’s story. You have made Delores very happy.” Ralph had made a peace with his wife’s condition. He certainly did not like it, but he put up with her sexual calisthenics over the years, as he fucked the other wives. The other women had been more than willing to fuck Ralph.

“Yeah, Rachel and I had it out about six months ago. She told me everything. I confessed as well. I was very upset at that point. We are separated. I think we are headed for a divorce. It wasn’t the sex per se. It was the lying and cheating aspect. I don’t want to give you the wrong idea. I don’t exonerate myself either. I am just as bad, if not worse than she is. I...I love your wife. She has been nothing but kind and loving to me. But me and my wife?I can’t trust her, and she can’t trust me. It really sucks, because I still love her madly.”

“She’s here. You have been avoiding her for a long time, just workin’ yourself to death. She wants to be part of this celebration for me and my wife. She really needs to talk to you, privately. She’s upstairs in the first bedroom.” Ralph told him. “Why don’t you go have a real talk? We all know you still love her. You know it too. Listen to her.”

“Yeah, I guess I need to talk to her too. I never thanked you for what you did for the kids financially. Thank you very much. And when I broke my ankle, and you covered my payroll out of your own pocket... I will pay you back.” There were tears in his eyes.

“I know you will Fred. I think you should hire an assistant so you have more time for Rachel and the kids. And for Delores for that matter. You could burn yourself out, you work so hard!”

“I need to talk to Rachel. Thanks again Ralph. By the way Ralph, the hypnosis treatments you have given me have really helped me. I’m not smoking anymore at all, and my outlook has improved greatly! Thank you for that.” He shook Ralph’s hand. He went upstairs to talk to Rachel. Ralph prayed for them.

“So we appear to be at least a man short.” Rob noted.

“Charlie Butz is supposed to be here. I don’t like him. But my wife likes his dick. He is hung like a horse. So I called him, and invited him over. If he starts with the cuckold shit and disrespectful talk, I am going to toss his ass outta here. He tried to take Delores once. He will probably try again. He used a date rape drug last time. I just do not trust him. So I have a little surprise for him. And an insurance policy as well. I am paying him two thousand bucks just to show up and listen to my proposal.”

“He’s a snake in the grass Ralph. I hope you know what you are doing!” Rob said.

“Me too. He really tempted Delores last time. She really likes his big dick. If she leaves with him tonight I am prepared to divorce her. Even though I love her. His disrespect just gets to me. So I have instituted safeguards. I have to meet him at the door.” Ralph went downstairs to the front door with a little radio in his pocket. He opened the door to a very large black man in a fancy Armani suit.

“Charlie. Thank you for coming.”

“Hey Cuck.”

“Oh, that was uncalled for. If that’s your attitude, here’s your money, 2k as we agreed to. You can leave right now.” Ralph handed him an envelope of twenties. He pointed to the door.

“Sorry Ralph. I apologize. Old habits die hard. What are we doing tonight?”

“Ok. If you stay, you can be part of Delores’s gang bang. She specifically requested you. I have a few restrictions however. No anal. You are just too big. No trying to steal her again. If you do try, several things will happen. Put up your hand.” There were several laser dots on his hand.

He blanched.

“Here have a drink, scotch rocks correct? Or coffee? Black two sugar?”

“I’ll have the scotch, thank you.”

Both men drank. They looked at each other very warily.

“If you leave by yourself after the party, you get the extra eight thousand dollars, and a nice limo ride home. If Delores goes with you, or if she disappears in the next few days... You will vanish as well. By the way, how is your mom?”

Charlie’s face fell.

“My mom is just fine. She’s at home watching tv.”

“Actually she’s at one of the casinos. I gave her a thousand dollars in chips to have fun with, and a couple of my security guys to protect her from harm. We wouldn’t want anything to happen to her, right? I even comped her a nice room there. So when our fun is over, we all walk away nice and happy, won’t we? I have one other little request. I’d like to hypnotize you if I may.”

“I can’t be hypnotized.”

“Well I’d like to try. Only take a couple of minutes. You won’t do anything under a hypnotic trance than you wouldn’t do ordinarily. You know that. I am just trying to protect myself, is all. If it doesn’t work after three minutes, I’ll give up and we go get laid, ok?”

“Fine, but you are wasting your time. When do I get the second envelope? And how do I know you will keep your word?”

“You have known me for over ten years. Have I ever broke a deal or a promise? I could say the same about you, which is why I got some insurance. I have no intention of doing anything bad. I just want this all to go off without a hitch. Everything goes to plan, we are all happy. What do you say?” Ralph extended his hand. They shook hands. 

“Why don’t you sit here in the comfy chair while I try to hypnotize you. Just close your eyes. Listen to my voice...” After ten minutes or so, Charlie was very relaxed, and he opened his eyes. 

“See? I told you I couldn’t be hypnotized! Let’s go give your wife some of what she needs.”

“Yeah, you’re right. Just could not do it.”

“Let’s get upstairs. Would you like another drink?” Ralph offered. He poured two shots.

“No, I want to make sure my python works ok! Maybe after we are done.”

They went up to the huge master bedroom suite. Ralph’s wife was on her back as Robert ate her cunt. Ralph didn’t have the heart to tell him he had just cum in Delores, not even two hours ago. He hoped his wife had cleaned up.

“Honey, I got your favorite big dick. Charlie is here!” He hated even saying the words. But Delores really enjoyed his big black dick. So to be kind to his wife, he would put up with him. But something was wrong, and he couldn’t place it. Something about their interaction. All of a sudden he knew. For them, it seemed almost casual. Not super exciting, which to hear her talk about it... So he had to check it out.

“Delores, ointment.” She went limp. “Charlie, marbles.” He went limp as well.

“Charlie, how long have you been secretly seeing my wife? I’m just kinda curious. Has it been very long?”

“I’ve been here or she has been at my condo once or twice a week for about four months.”

“Delores, have you been fuckin’ Charlie for four months? Do you really enjoy it?”

“Yes, he has a huge dick, and I really get excited by fucking around behind your back.”

“Do you know how badly you have hurt me? So badly that I am going to divorce you?”

“Why? I’ve been fuckin’ other men since before we were even married. I get a kick out of you eating me out, when another man has come in me. I get a thrill out of cheating on you. It excites me.”

“Well, you will be very excited then, because I have had enough. I thought you loved me, but I can see it all clearly now. When I click my fingers you will really understand my feelings of pain and betrayal. You will know my hurt, and you will start packing some clothes. You and Charlie may leave together, good luck to you both. Charlie, you may take my soon to be ex-wife with you. No retribution for you. You are responsible for her now.”

“When I snap my fingers, you will remember what you said, but you won’t remember being under hypnosis. You both just confessed to me.”

--SNAP!--

Delores wouldn’t look at her soon-to-be ex-husband. She got up and dressed hurriedly. She packed two suitcases.

Charlie said, “Bitch, don’t bother, you ain’t gonna need all those clothes. My girls all wear short shorts and tight tee shirts and fuck me pumps, and that’s all they wear. You are mine now. You work for me. You get to keep twenty percent of whatever you make. But you must make at least five hundred dollars everyday. You understand me?” His evil eyes burned into Delores.

“You’re a pimp?” Delores was just now beginning to understand her choices. “I’m not going. I’ll get a lawyer. You can’t make me go! RALPH! SAVE ME! ROBERT! SAVE ME!”

“Why are you all upset? This is your dream job. You can fuck and suck morning, noon and night. Charlie gave me two thousand dollars for you. Oh by the way, here is my wedding ring.” She looked at him truly aghast. 

“You SOLD ME?! Like a piece of furniture?”

“Yes, with you fucking Charlie all the time, your cunt is very loose. So when I divorce you, and I will divorce you, I’m gonna find a younger and tighter woman.” She was in sheer terror now.

“But what about the anniversary and the ahhh... festivities? I thought you enjoyed them? The gang bang?”

“Not to worry! Charlie has invited thirty or forty of his friends over. You are gonna get gang banged beyond belief. I’ll have the divorce papers delivered to you in the hospital, if you survive!”

“I’m just kidding, he’s only got ten guys that are gonna fuck you very hard. He doesn’t want to break you, or you can’t be a good little whore can you? You are gonna get to fuck or suck as many cocks as you want each and every day! It’s a perfect job for you. You are a hypersexual aren’t you?”

“Please don’t do this. I beg of you. You loved me once. I’m begging you not to make me do this.”

“You’re not mine anymore. You never even apologized for being a traitorous slut. Never crossed your mind to say I’m sorry for stabbing you in the back fifty seven times. You belong to Charlie now. I can even prove it to you.”

Ralph hit a button and the big screen showed his so called wife fucking Charlie.

“Whose pussy is this?”

“It’s yours Charlie.”

“Whose asshole is this?”

“It belongs to you Charlie.”

“Who do you belong to bitch?”

“I belong to you Charlie. I am yours. Fuck my dumb assed husband. What a stupid cuckold he turned out to be. Fuck me Charlie, with that huge dick of yours! Ohmygod I’m gonna cum AGAIN.”

“Take it bitch!” Charlie pulled out of her cunt and shoved his dick in her mouth as he shot off. 

“Your stupid husband dosen’t deserve you. I’m gonna take you from him and laugh. You are mine now bitch.” The video cut out.

“Oh my God, did I say that?” 

“Ointment. You are relaxing again. Just listen to my voice. Charlie, marbles. You are feeling very happy and relaxed. You have won the girl. You have beaten me. I have become just a cuckold, like you said. You want to get going, nothing more here for you. You want to wait for Delores in your Jaguar, as she dresses for you. Why don’t you say goodbye to me and go to your car.

“Goodbye Cuck. I beat you. I’ve got your wife, she’s my whore now.” Charlie goes out to his car. Ralph pulls out a handheld radio.

“Ok, do it now now now.” In the yard bullets hit their target.

“Hey boss, he’s got a wad of cash on him. What do you want to do with it?”

“You boys have done a great job. Split it up, go enjoy yourselves after the cleanup. Your big bonus will be in your paycheck. We can’t forget the IRS. We gotta stay nice and legal. Make sure that jag is at the bottom of the lake, and Charlie is in it. No mistakes.”

“Ok boss. Thanks for the extra bonus.”

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

“Delores, you are very relaxed. Did you understand how much pain there is when a loved one deceives you? Did you think about how much you hurt me?”

“Yes, it hurt terribly to know that you had sold me to a pimp. I hurt myself by being with him. I hurt you in the process. I am so sorry now. I have completely fucked up my life. I beg that you find it in your heart to forgive me. I ... I... still love you, but I am a worthless whore.”

“Delores, if I gave you another chance, what would you do for me? How could you make things right after all the cheating and lying you have done to me?”

“I would do anything! I would let you spank me every day if you want. I would let you fuck my ass all the time. I would let you fuck other women if it pleased you. I would have threesomes with you and other women to make you happy.”

“Would you cheat and lie again?”

“Probably. I am a cunt. I lie and cheat all the time. If you fucked me and spanked me, and then hypnotized me every couple of weeks... Maybe I could learn to be good. I want to stay married to you. You are the best thing in my life. I need you to possess me. Make me yours all the time. I need to be wanted and desired. If you want me and desire me then I will never leave your side again. I love you more than my life. I know I am a fucked up piece of shit. But I’m yours to do with as you please.”

“Delores, I forgive you. I love you. You are mine now and forever. You will do what I say, but not out of fear, but out of love for me. I will protect you. You will not cheat on me. You will not lie to me. Now you are going to remember what I said. No cheating and no lying. You are going into a very deep sleep. When you awake, you will feel much better. You will remember how much you love me, and that I forgave you. Goodnight my sweet”

~~~~~~~~~~~

“Robert, when you wake up, you will remember to love and cherish your wife. You will remember what a dreadful mistake it was to fuck Delores, and how much you really love your wife. You will feel wonderful and rested when I snap my fingers, you will wake up. One, two, three...”
