 I couldn't help but feel my Asian neighbor across the street is sexy! I've never had the opportunity of tasting the pleasure of an Asian woman. You could say it's been on my bucket list but thought it would never happen. I was wrong. Dreams do come true. 

Prologue - How It Started With Her...

We lived across from each other for years. We never talked until one day when I picked up a piece of trash off her yard that was near the street. I placed it in my trashcan that was by the road, ready for pickup. 

She came over and thanked me. We introduced ourselves. I'm Gary, and she's Jazmin. We're both mature in our late fifties and close in ages. We also learned that her husband's job always has him traveling, as did my wife's job. Jazmin and I were home alone quite often. She told me how her niece was a model over in Los Angeles. 

It was the "Were you a model when you were younger?" question I asked that had Jazmin giving me a girlish giggle. I believe that's what made her take a liking to me. 

After that, we talked off and on for weeks.

Our talks became more frequent, and we would spend time in the morning drinking coffee. We took turns drinking coffee on my back porch or on her back porch or inside our homes. 

Chapter 1 - We Moved It Up a Notch...

On my back screened-in porch was a Futon. When we sat on my Futon, we first sat far apart. But as time rolled on, we started sitting closer and closer to each other.

Then when she would arrive at my house or leave we would hug. Those hugs were quick on at first, but we began having more prolonged hugs. I fought hard not to get an erection when my body was pressed up against her body. 

One day I took a chance and gave Jazmin a kiss on her cheek when we met and left. 

The kiss on the cheek turned into a light kiss on the lips.

I knew I might have a chance with Jazmin when she would sit by my side on my Futon. Plus our light kisses on the lips started lasting longer.

"Can I be honest with you?" Jazmin asked me. 

"Sure."

"You'll keep this between us?"

"I promise," I replied.

Jazmin hesitated for a few seconds. She took a drink of coffee. "My sex life sucks with Henry," she said, looking a little saddened. "He's always on business trips overseas."

"I'm sorry. I don't know why he wouldn't want a healthy sex life with you. I mean, I feel you're incredibly sexy," I said.

Jazmin smiled and gave me a kiss on my cheek. "Thank you, Gary."

I smiled at her, as making her smile was always my goal.

It was quiet while we drank our coffee.

Jazmin glanced at me. I could sense she wanted to say something but hesitated for some reason.

She glanced at me again. "How's your sex life?"

I knew I could trust her. "Well, Ashley's always on the road with her motivation seminars," I said then paused. "So my sex life also sucks."

Jazmin and I were quiet while we drank some more of our coffee. 

Jazmin looked nervous like there was something else she wants to say. She looked at me. "Could you have an affair?" she asked then cringed thinking she went too far.

I hesitated for a few seconds. "I could. But would be scared the woman might tell people."

"I would never tell anybody," said Jazmin, and she looked serious.

I smiled. I knew this was the golden opportunity I longed for years. I placed my coffee cup on the floor. 

I leaned over and gave Jazmin a kiss on the lips. The kiss turned passionate. We stopped kissing.

"I would if it was with you. I've always thought Asian women were incredibly sexy," I said.

Jazmin smiled. "I would if it was with you," she said and gave me a sexy grin.

I was jumping for joy inside with nasty thoughts of doing the nasty with Jazmin. 

Jazmin and I kissed again, and this time, our tongues were darting in and out of our mouths.

We finished kissing. I reached down and decided to do something I've wanted to do to Jazmin. I placed her feet across my thighs and began to give her a foot massage.

"So, I guess we're starting?" she said.

"Yes, we are, Jazmin," I replied and began to massage all of her toes.

"Feels good," said Jazmin with a soft voice. 

After I finished massaging her toes and feet, we just cuddled and passionately kissed. 

"Gary, how do we start? I'm new at this," said Jazmin.

I thought for a few seconds. "We could spend the next couple of days together. Ashley won't be home for seven days," I replied.

"Why don't we? Henry would be back for eight days," said Jazmin.

"Ashley never calls when she's on her business trips."

"Neither does Henry."

We looked at each other and kissed to seal our deal.

"I need to go and run some errands," said Jazmin. "I'll be back in a couple of hours.

Jazmin left the house.

Chapter 2 - The Fire of Cheating Was Burning...

Jazmin was back at my house three hours later with a small suitcase in hand.

We immediately engaged in another passionate kiss, but this time, I let my hands drift down to her rear, cupping her ass cheeks. My cock was getting hard, and I believe Jazmin felt it since she pushed her crotch harder against my crotch.

We finished kissing, and I ordered some pizza for dinner.

After dinner, Jazmin changed into tee-shirt and shorts.

I also changed into a tee-shirt and shorts.

"What do you want to watch?" I asked Jazmin.

She thought for a few seconds. "Does this TV have access to the web?"

"It does," I replied then used the remote to navigate thought the smart section and clicked on the World Wide Web. Yahoo appeared.

Jazmin grabbed the removed and did a search on "Cheating wives porn." 

I was surprised. "You watch porn?"

"Sometimes. I love the cheating wife's videos," she said then clicked on a porn site. He navigated through the thumbnails of available cheating wives videos. We found one of interest.

The video started.

"I have to admit, I've wanted to have an affair with you the first time I met you," said Jazmin.

"Wow, I also had thoughts of having an affair with you," I replied. We looked at each other and kissed for a few seconds.

We returned to the video of a woman fucking her neighbor on a couch. The guy was humping her pussy with her legs straight up in the air. 

I decided to make a move. I got off the Futon and got on my knees in front of Jazmin. I reached down and held her left foot. I kissed the top of her foot then kissed all her toes. 

Jazmin smiled.

I put her big toe in my mouth and started sucking on it.

"My, that's a first for me. Feels good," said Jazmin while I sucked on her toe.

Jazmin moaned while I sucked on all of her toes. 

After sucking on the toes of her left foot, I sucked on the toes of her right foot.

"I never had that done before," she said. "Feels good."

I finished sucking on her toes. "I'll suck on them anytime you wish," I said with a smile.

"Okay, I'll take you up on that."

I stood up, and Jazmin noticed my cock was rock hard in my shorts. "I see that really turned you on," she said then leaned forward and grabbed the waistband of my shorts. She pulled them down to my ankles.

I stepped out of my short and removed my tee short at the same time. I was bare-ass naked. Jazmin smiled.

She stood and had me sit down on the Futon. She dropped to her knees in front of me. "I need some cock," she said, smiling at my boner. She held my cock with her right hand and leaned in toward my shaved balls. 

Jazmin ran the tip of her tongue all around my shaved balls.

"Feels good, baby," I said.

Jazmin looked up at me with a smile. 

She went back to my crotch. 

She ran her tongue all over my tight ball sack. 

She ran her tongue in circles all over the base of my ball sack.

She ran her tongue down, and I swear the tip of her tongue lightly licked the top of my asshole. Or I prayed her tongue just grazed the top of my asshole. 

Jazmin gave my balls a light kiss then she held my cock and ran the tip of her tongue up my hard shaft. 

Her tongue licked its way up to the head of my cock. She kissed the head and ran her tongue all the way around it.

Jazmin opened her mouth and in went my cock.

"Feels so good, Jazmin," I said, loving her warm mouth sucking on my cock. 

"You're good."

Jazmin sucked on the head of my cock like it was a sweet lollypop. She sucked her way down my shaft, and the tip of my cock was about to touch her tonsils.

The sweetest sight is to see a woman's head bob up and down while she sucks your cock. 

"Yes, yes, Jazmin. Suck my cock!" I cried out. "You're a great cocksucker!"

For five minutes, I watched Jazmin's hear bob up and down, enjoying my hard cock. What a beautiful sight!

"I want your pussy," I said.

Jazmin took my cock out of her mouth.

She stood up and removed her tee-shirt and let it drop to the floor. She reached back and unclipped her bra and let it fall to the floor. 

I saw her A-cup tits. They were saggy since she was middle-aged but still sexy.

I reached out and moved her closer to me. I began to suck on the nipple of her right tit.

Jazmin placed a hand on the back of my head.

I sucked on the nipple of her left tit.

After sucking on her tits for a few seconds, I lowered her shorts down to her feet. She stepped out of them. 

I lowered her panties to her feet. She stepped out of them.

Jazmin and I were naked in front of each other for the first time. What a beautiful sight!

I saw that Jazmin had a hairy pussy. "I love hairy pussy," I said.

I got up off the Futon and sat Jazmin down with her ass cheeks on the edge of the Futon cushion. I opened her legs and placed the heels of her feet on the edge of the Futon cushion. Her pussy was staring at me, wanting some loving. 

I looked at her sweet hairy pussy. "I can't wait to taste your Asian pussy," I told Jazmin.

"It's my pleasure," she replied.

I leaned in and ran the tip of my tongue up and down the slit of her cunt. "I haven't had my pussy eaten in a long time," she said while my tongue continued to lick up and down her slit.

I opened her pussy lips and found her clit. I began sucking on it. 

Jazmin grabbed the sides of my hand and pushed my face deeper into her pussy. I sucked on her clit.

"Yes, yes, eat my pussy!" said Jazmin.

I sucked and sucked on her clit.

I decided to taste more of her pussy. I stopped sucking on her clit. 

I ran the tip of my tongue up and down the slit of her pussy. 

I licked all around the right side of her pussy. 

I licked all around the left side of her pussy

I kissed all around her inner right side of her thigh.

I kissed all around the inner left side of her thigh. 

I kissed all around her pussy lips.

I shoved my tongue into her pussy, wanting to taste her nectar. She was wet!

"That's it tongue fuck me. Tongue fuck me!" she cried out.

"Mmm, Asian pussy tastes good," I said after I took my tongue out of her pussy.

"Enough of that for now, I want you to fuck me. My pussy needs your cock," said Jazmin. She pushed my head away from her pussy. She got on her back on the Futon. "Come get my pussy!" she said while she patted her pussy.

I got on the Futon on top of her. Jazmin guided the head of my cock to her pussy opening. The head of my cock slipped inside her cunt.

"Oh, yes!" moaned Jazmin, while my cock went deeper into her pussy.

I couldn't believe that my cock was going inside Jazmin's pussy. I dreamt about this for a while, and it was coming true!

My cock was buried in her pussy. We were pubic hair pressed against pubic hair. 

"Feels good. I've wanted your cock in my pussy for a long time," said Jazmin.

We kissed her while I started to pump her pussy. 

My pumping of her pussy went faster and faster, and the sound of my crotch slapping against her crotch was louder.

Jazmin wrapped her legs around me, locking her ankles. She was not letting me getaway!

She pushed her crotch upward while I pumped.

"I'm fucking a sexy Asian woman. I'm fucking a sexy Asian woman!" I cried out.

"Gary's fucking me! I'm being fucked by Gary!" Jazmin cried out.

"I'm fucking Jazmin! I'm fucking Jazmin!" I cried out

The room filled with the naughty music of my crotch slapping against Jazmin's pussy, the sounds my cock mixing with her pussy juices, and our load moans. 

"Yes, yes, yes," cried out Jazmin while she unlocked her ankles and pointed her legs up at the ceiling. 

The moment I've always want to happen was happening. "FUCK!" yelled out Jazmin while she stretched her legs up as if she wished her toes could touch the ceiling. She had her first orgasm with my cock. "Oh fuck, oh fuck," she added.

Her orgasm subsided, and she lowered her legs a little, bending them at her knees.

I kept on pumping her pussy.

"Thank you," Jazmin whispered in my ear. "I really needed an orgasm from a cock and not a dildo," she added.

I smiled at the thought of Jazmin, using a dildo on her pussy.

"Yes, yes, yes," moaned Jazmin.

It was round two after two minutes. "YES!" yelled out Jazmin while her legs shot back up with her toes pointing at the ceiling. She had her second orgasm.

This was too much for me. "I'm going to cum," I cried out.

"In my pussy. Fill up my pussy," she said.

"I pumped faster then stopped. "AHHH!" I cried out when my cock began spurting out my cum into her cunt.

"FUCK!" yelled out Jazmin as my cock cumming in her pussy gave her another orgasm.

My cock emptied my cum into her pussy.

We lay there, sweaty and out of breath. 

I pulled my cock out of her pussy and got off her. 

We sat side by side on the Futon. She rested her head against my shoulder. 

"Thanks, Gary!"

"Thank you, Jazmin," I replied.

We kissed.

After ten minutes of cuddling naked on the Futon, we took a bath in my garden tub. 

I washed every inch of Jazmin's nude body while she scrubbed every inch of my body.

After our bath, we got dressed. 

I wore a tee-shirt and shorts. 

Jazmin wore tee-shirt and panties. 

We spent the rest of the evening cuddling on the Futon and watched Netflix. It was a sweet relaxing evening.

At eleven that night, I turned the Futon into a bed covering the Futon mattress with a sheet and another sheet as our covers. I grabbed two extra pillows with cases, and we went to sleep. She rested her head on my shoulder.

Chapter 3 - More Naughty Fun 

It was seven the next morning. I woke up and opened my eyes over the sound of moaning. 

I saw Jazmin on her back, her right hand was shoved in her panties. She was finger fucking her pussy with her middle finger. 

"A sexy woman playing with her pussy is a beautiful sight to wake up to," I said.

Jazmin looked at me and grinned. "AHHHH!" she cried out, having an orgasm.

"Sweet!" I said.

Jazmin pulled her middle finger out of her pussy. 

She leaned over to me and put it under my nose.

"Mmm, I love the smell of pussy in the morning," I said.

Jazmin shoved her middle finger into my mouth.

I sucked the pussy juices off her finger. She pulled it out.

"Even better, I love the taste of pussy juice for breakfast," I said. "Better than orange juice."

A smirk grew on Jazmin's face. She thought of something to do.

She removed her tee-shirt and panties.

I knew what this meant, so he removed his tee-shirt and shorts.

Jazmin got on top of me in a 69 position. "How about more pussy for breakfast? I could use some sausage," she said, then started sucking my cock.

Jazmin moved her pussy to my mouth

There we were in a 69 position for our breakfast. How sweet it is!

I sucked on her clit while she sucked on my cock. While I sucked on it, I fondled her asscheeks. I squeezed them, and I also ran the tip of my right index finger over her asshole. She didn't mind so that was a good sign for future nasty things. 

Jazmin moaned with a mouthful of cock.

She took my cock out of her mouth. "YES!" she cried out, having an orgasm. She returned to my cock after her orgasm subsided. 

Jazmin's head bobbed up and down on my cock. She was magnificent.

After two minutes, I knew I couldn't stop it. "I'm going to cum, Jazmin. Get ready!" I said.

Jazmin kept on sucking my cock. 

I was ready. "I'm cumming!" I yelled out as the last warning.

Jazmin kept her mouth on the head of my cock and created a tight seal. 

"FUCK!" I yelled out when the first spurt of my cum shot into her mouth. Jazmin kept her mouth around the head of my cock. The second spurt shot cum into her mouth. The third one shot out the last of my cum into her mouth.

Jazmin removed her mouth off my cock and kept her mouth shut.

I sat up. "Show my your prize," I said.

Jazmin sat next to me and opened her mouth.

I saw my load of cum inside her mouth. "Nice," I said. "Don't swallow it all. Kiss me. I want to taste my cum," I said, giving Jazmin a naughty grin.

Jazmin closed her mouth, and I could sense she swallowed some of my cum. She put a finger in her mouth and wiped cum on her lips.

"Now that's the best kind of lipstick," I said then leaned over and kissed her tasting my cum. We then French kissed, and my tongue savored more of my cum.

We finished kissing, and she swallowed the rest of my

cum. "I had my morning protein," Jazmin said.

"

Anytime."

"I'll hold you to that," I replied.

We got off the bed and brushed our teeth. 

After that, we made some breakfast. I made her French toast.

Jazmin and I decided to spend the afternoon at a shopping mall located in another city fifty miles away. We wanted to go somewhere together but knew that being around our town would be risky.

Jazmin dressed in a lovely blouse and tight jeans that showed off her sweet ass. I wore blue jeans and a golf shirt. 

We got in my SUV since it was parked in the garage and drove to that mall.

I was lovely for Jazmin and me to walk around that mall holding hands like we were a couple. A few times, we sat on some of the benches and kissed. Older couples gave us smiles over that sight.

We had lunch in the food court and also watched a move in the theater. That was also nice, providing us more time to hold hands and kiss. 

We left the mall and headed home. On the way, we stopped off at a restaurant and bought some dinner. We got take-out and took it home.

Of course, we had to heat it up once we got back to my house.

After dinner, both got in the shower. I washed every inch of her naked body, and she washed every inch of my naked body. I made sure I had the crack of her ass squeaky clean.

We got dressed. 

Jazmin wore one of my dress shirts with her black panties. I love it when women dress that way. So sexy!

I wore a tee-shirt and one of my gym shorts without any underwear.

We sat on the Futon, watching Netflix. Jazmin sat on the other end in a position that allowed her to put her feet on my thighs. 

While we watched the movie, I would massage her feet and toes. Many times I would bring one of her feet to my mouth and suck on her toes. Jazmin loved it.

It was ten that night, and we converted the Futon back into a bed. I wore my tee-shirt and shorts, and Jazmin wore her tee-shirt and panties.

"Don't get under the covers yet," said Jazmin while she lowered her black panties to her feet and stepped out of them.

Jazmin got on the Futon and straddled my pillow. It was wedged in her crotch. 

"Are you going to hump my pillow?" I asked.

"Of course," she replied. "I want to give you the scent of my pussy for the night," she added and began humping.

What a sexy sight! I've seen videos of woman humping pillows, and now I see one live.

"Oh, feels good," moaned Jazmin and her humping pace picked up. "I'm fucking Gary's pillow!" she cried out. "Putting pussy juice all over Gary's pillow."

"That's it baby, fuck my pillow," I said.

Jazmin was getting out of breath. "Yes, yes!" she cried out.

I wished I could video this hot event. I know lots of guys would jerk-off watching Jazmin hump my pillow.
