 Author's Note: I'd like to dedicate this story to my wife mrssecondsamuel. Thank you for editing and making different variations of this story a theme in our sex life. I'm tremendously lucky to have you. 

This is a contest piece, so please vote. As always, comments and emails are appreciated, many times repeatedly until completion ;)

"I'm going to stick my head in the freezer," Holly said. "That still works right?"

"For now," I answered, my thighs almost stuck to the couch.

"Have you called the maintenance man?" My daughter asked. "This is fucking Texas. People weren't meant to survive summer without central air!"

"Language," I scolded. "You may be off to college in a few months, but I certainly don't want to hear dirty things from a pretty mouth."

"Yes, Daddy," She said, her head disappearing into the freezer.

Despite my natural paternal instincts, I looked over into the kitchen and noticed more than I wanted. Holly wore tight, hip-hugging pink shorts that clung to her skin. It was the kind of fabric that belonged in the gym. Something so skimpy that it really should only be worn during yoga work-outs. Bent over the tiny refrigerator, beads of sweat started to work their way down her back, turning parts of the fabric dark and slick.

Even with the covering, her bottom stood out, particularly pronounced in the constricting fabric. Not that I could blame her - the thermometer in my car read 93 when we went for ice cream, trying to avoid the oppressive heat.

"Call again, Daddy!" Holly's voice rang out from the freezer.

The Daddy thing was both old and new. We'd always been close, but there had been some distance during those first turbulent teenage years. Maybe it was the divorce, maybe the approach of college, but she had been demonstratively affectionate recently.

And adjusting to my life circumstances, I needed that.

"It's the fourth of July weekend baby," I said. "I've already left two messages. I don't think this is the kind of place that specializes in service."

"Okay," She said, pulling her head from the freezer. "Do you want a beer?"

"Sure.."

My daughter bent over further. She wiggled a little, the shorts slipping a little up her skin. I could just make out the start of her crevice between her cheeks, full and bulging out from her shorts while she reached into the crisper. Closing the fridge with a sigh, Holly sat next to me on the couch, her blonde hair tied up in a ponytail, perspiration seeping down her body.

They way she was dressed, I couldn't help but notice the developments fathers try in vain to deny. My daughter's breasts, though not large, were well defined by her white tank top. Perhaps normally her clothes were only a little less than modest, the shirt only descending slightly into a little v shape above her petite frame. Only with the cold air and sweat seeping into her cotton shirt, nearly everything was visible. My eyes drifted down past cleavage. Through her shirt, I could see the outline of her nipples, dark and tiny, growing more and more visible.

But what could I say that wouldn't embarrass both of us?

"Other than the AC, this place isn't so bad," Holly said.

What a lie! Maybe to an 18-year-old girl waiting to move out on her own, a tiny one-bedroom apartment next to a bunch of loud college kids and divorcees looked like a palace. At 45, it was pretty much rock bottom."It's temporary," I said quickly. "I'll get something better once the divorce is finalized."

"Yeah," Holly said quietly. "That really sucked Dad. I can't believe Mom was -"

"We don't need to talk about it."

"Are you sure?" Holly asked. "I mean it's okay, I'm totally on your side. She should have gotten the divorce first then fucked the neighbors."

"It's okay. We had been having problems for a while," I said.

That was true. For the past few years, Martha and I lived in separate rooms, leading pretty much entirely separate lives. Though it was unspoken, both of us knew that we would separate after Holly went to college. Of course, Martha just had to blow up the entire thing in the most dramatic fashion.

We hadn't walked in on her or anything. Worse, I took Holly home from school sick one day, only to hear the sounds of my wife fucking from downstairs. For nearly twenty minutes, my daughter and I awkwardly waited, almost as surprised by the sight of two men coming down the stairs as they were at realizing the house was occupied.

Martha hadn't even apologized. Not to me, and more importantly not to Holly. She stated matter-of-factly that it was over, and that I really should leave. It was bad enough that I'd spent the past few years living in a sexless marriage, but at least I might have done something to satisfy my own deprived sexual needs. I certainly would have, had I realized what she'd been up to during the workweek.

It had only been two weeks. This apartment was the only thing I could find on such short notice that wasn't outside my price range. I did okay as an editor for at local newspaper, but I didn't know how much was going to be eaten up by lawyer's fees.

It all depended on how messy Martha wanted to make this.

"At least you don't have to meet them," Holly said. "She tried to have this dude over for dinner yesterday. You know, like it's suddenly normal for her to be dating."

I couldn't help but feel sorry for her, forced to pick between this cramped, sweaty apartment and hearing her mother getting fucked in the master bedroom.

"Just the one dude?" I couldn't help myself. "She must have been hard up this week."

Holly burst out laughing. As she did, her boobs bounced up and down ever so slightly.

I tried to avert my eyes, but it had been over a year since I'd had sex. And even then, it wasn't particularly satisfying. Nevermind that it was my baby girl; with every shake, I could see that her tits were actually a little larger than I had thought. Or at least I was noticing them more now. I tried to pry my eyes away, but each iris riveted towards those nipples.

There was no doubt as to what they were now. I could see almost the entire bottom outline of her breasts in the translucent shirt. Her dot-sized nipples were perfectly placed, pointing out from the cotton, causing me to look against my better sense. It had simply been too long, and I was too horny to think straight. I put my beer into my lap, the cold blue mountains of the Coors against my balls bringing my brain back to reality.

"Can we go to the pool?" Holly asked. "It's so hot!"

"Ugh... I guess," I said. "We can see who came out today, the annoying college crowd blaring 90's rock ironically or the three couples with their obnoxious kids."

Holly leaned over, the tops of her breasts protruding out as she reached for her drink. Slowly, she took a sip, then fell back into the cheap sofa. She let out a yawn, her hands reaching up towards the ceiling, the side of her breasts pouring out from those thin straps.

"Let's give a try," She said. "Come on! Anything is better than baking here."

I let her use the bathroom first, changing into a suit that appeared less revealing than her sweat soaked outfit. Again, my eyes lingered. The suit had horizontal black stripes, pressed down so that I could see the sideways slope of my daughter's breasts, that tantalizing space between the pair before they arched up. Trying to force my head to stare straight ahead, I made my way into the cramped bathroom to change.

I pulled down my jeans and underwear with one motion, my dick springing up and down. Not quite hard, but close enough for discomfort. I cursed at myself, trying to keep my mind from drifting back to teenage flesh. Only trying not to think of something almost always induces the opposite effect. And the more I tried to force the image of Holly's budding breasts out of my mind, the more they bubbled up to the surface.

Maybe it was the heat that forced these thoughts into my mind. Regardless, no matter how I tried to will down my erection, my cock would not cooperate. When I pulled up my swimsuit, only one thing stood out, the noticeable bulge poking to the right side.

Other than that, as I looked in the mirror I didn't have much to feel bad about. I didn't have toned abs, but no six-pack overlapped my waistband. I still had a full head of hair. A larger than average dick, even if right now it wouldn't behave. Not bad for forty-five.

I splashed cold water on my face, my hard-on slowly fading, though the slight swelled up fell of a semi still brushed against my leg. If Holly looked, she might notice. Then again, what 18-year-old girl was that pervy?

I grabbed two towels and went into the living room.

"Finally!" She said, jumping up, her tits bounding up with her.

I willed down another boner.

Worse was walking down the steps from the second floor. Again, her swimsuit wasn't anything to inspire a song - being neither teeny-weeny nor polka-dotted. But the edges of the bottoms went up a little as she stepped down. I could help but stare. Each step revealed just a little more skin. Not enough to look like she had a wedgie or anything, just a gradual riding up, completely showing most of the area where her ass met her thigh.

Again, I tried to look away, not to let the image ferment. But it had been so long, and my reptile brain had its own ideas about what it wanted. I found myself trying to stop even more sultry and forbidden thoughts as I entered the water, trying to content myself with just watching. Thankfully, there was an additional piece of eye-candy to distract me, a college-aged brunette wearing a one-piece that was anything but conservative.

Nor did the girl seemed worried about hiding it as she sat by the pool. Her boobs were so much larger than Holly's, barely contained by these thin white straps that stretched over her shoulders. The upper half of her swimsuit really only hid her nipples and the outside of her breasts, while the bottoms hugged around the part in her legs, exposing most of her thighs.

My tongue must have been dangling because both women caught me.

The dark-haired girl in the one-piece simply tilted her sunglasses down, almost as if sizing me up. She gave me a soft smirk. I quickly looked away, more than a little embarrassed. My daughter, watching this exchange, nearly doubled over with laughter, splashing me with a large swell of water.

"You horny old man!" Holly hissed playfully.

"What?"

"I saw the way you were looking at her," She said.

"I wasn't-"

She splashed me again.

"She saw you too!" Holly said. "She didn't seem to mind. Why don't you go say hi?"

"Holly!"

"Why not?" She said. "She obviously enjoys being looked at."

"I'm old enough to be her father!" I protested.

"So what?" Holly replied. "Daddy's need love too. Besides, Mom is off banging guys nearly half her age."

"Well it's easier for her," I said.

"How do you mean?"

"She's had all that practice," I retorted.

"You always manage to call Mom a whore in such artful ways," Holly said. "I should save some time and start documenting them for my therapist."

"I'm sorry," I said reflexively.

"Don't be sorry," Holly smirked. "Mom is kind of a slut."

We laughed a little.

"Why don't you go talk to her?" Holly asked again.

"What would I say?"

"I don't know, maybe hi," Holly responded.

As if it was so easy.

"Then what?" I asked.

"Don't you write things for a living?" Holly said. "Maybe something like do you go to school around here or what brings you out to the pool?"

I narrowed my eyes at her.

"Okay, yeah that was pretty lame. But you're good looking... she'll talk."

I blushed a little, though it was nice to hear a compliment, even from my daughter.

"She's clearly here with a boyfriend," I said, nodding towards the other guys.

"I'm not so sure," Holly said.

"I am," I said. "Besides, it's been... well a long time since I, since I -"

"Had sex?" Holly blurted out.

I looked at her, mortified.

"I was going to say dated," I said.

"But I'm not wrong about the other thing," Holly said.

"It's not really something I want to discuss."

"Who does?" Holly continued. "But don't let that stop you, Dad. You miss all the pitches you don't swing at, right?"

"I've already got the attention of a much younger woman," I said smartly. "And frankly, it's about all I can handle."

"I'm not so sure you can handle me," Holly said, pulling her arms back to splash another wave at me.

"Careful..." I said.

"Or what?"

She splashed me again.

"Out this deep, there's always a chance of being carried out by the undertow..."

It was one of those corny old dad jokes from a lifetime ago. I would dive under the water, grabbing her by the foot, pulling her back until she submerged under the water.

"You wouldn't dare..."

"He who dares..." I answered, grinning devilishly.

Holly furrowed her brow, her button nose wriggling while she decided what to do. Her arms jutted forward, faking me out for a second, then hitting me with another splash.

Heavily chlorinated water already in my eyes, I used my arms to shield my face. I decided to dive under the water, making good on my threat, my daughter's high-pitched squeals the last thing in my ears before I submerged.

I opened my eyes for a second, only for the burning sensation of chemicals to force them shut. Grasping blinding in the dark, my hands connected with my daughter. Her legs tried to kick away from me, and for a brief moment, my fingers closed around her bikini, grazing the bottom of her ass.

For a second, I didn't react. At least not in the way any father should. My cock swelled a little, despite the cool water. But I left my hands there. I only saved myself by pulling her close, opening my eyes long enough to slide my hands down her long, smooth legs. I closed my fist around her ankle, the fingers on my other hand tickling the base of her foot.

My lungs desperate for air, I shot up, still grasping her ankle. In one quick motion, she's underneath the water. I held her down just long enough to make a point, then watched her float up, taking deep breaths as she surfaced.

"I can't believe you actually did that!" She wailed.

I was thankful she hadn't said anything about touching her butt.

"You were asking for it," I answered.

`She splashed me again.

I made a lunge towards her, only to have her hold her hands up.

"Stop, stop!" Holly said. "You win!"

I relaxed, halfway out of the water, watching almost like a submerged predator as the dark-haired girl entered the water. She smiled, looking at me. I didn't know what to do, thankfully my daughter wasn't shy.

"Hi, I'm Holly," She said, looking at me as if to say, look how it easy it is.

"Kaitlyn," The girl said. "And over there's my boyfriend Devin."

The well-muscled boy with the goofy beard waved as he joined the beauties in the pool. I don't know why I was crestfallen. I mean it was obvious no college-aged hottie was going to hook-up with me, especially not with my daughter in tow. Still, it seemed awfully embarrassing, like we were the family intruding on the cool kid's party.

"Oh right," Holly said. "That's my boyfriend, Tom."

If the couple noticed my transparently puzzled reaction, they certainly didn't show it. I thought briefly about correcting her, but the very idea mortified me. It didn't take me long to realize what Holly was doing, saving us both from any awkward exchange.

Plus it didn't hurt to be presented as that older man with enough looks and charm to date a girl half his age. I know, I know, it's a little gross, wanting to be with a teenager. But maybe I had reached a certain age where the appeal of reclaiming a little of my youth, even in this pretended fashion, superseded any sense of propriety. It's so easy to look down on the midlife crisis before or after its throes. It's much harder to resist in the midst of temptation.

No, I didn't want to date a teenager. Whenever I hear Holly's friends talk, I wonder if they all take turns with one brain cell, passing it around like the Greek fates with that eyeball. But as the window begin to close, I certainly wanted to appear that alluring.

No one wants to be Matthew McConaughey, circling the high school, joking about how seniors stay the same age. But it was flattering to think that after forty years, I might still command the same attention I did forever ago, before I settled down.

"Do you go to A&M?" Holly asked.

"Blinn," Kaitlyn answered. "I'm hoping to transfer after next semester."

"What for?"

The conversation continued on for a few minutes, Holly leaning into the lie, pretending she had taken a gap year before starting in the fall. Despite the girl's initial reservations, Holly won her over. Soon the two were chatting back and forth, with Devin and I awkwardly tried to find some common ground in the way guys have to when their wives become friends.

"Wanna beer?"

Thank god he offered. I didn't want to be arrested for supplying alcohol to a minor. Halfway through our drinks, he made a suggestion.

"Hey babe, let's do a chicken fight," Tom said to his girlfriend.

"What's that?" Holly asked.

"You know, you climb on your partner's shoulders. Then you try and get the girl off."

"That can't be the way you wanted that to come out," Holly said.

Kaitlyn let out a loud laugh.

"You'd be surprised what he's into," The girl said.

"Oh, I don't know how surprised I'd be," Holly said. "Let me guess, you like those pornhub videos where the girls wrestle over a strap-on."

I wanted to ask exactly how Holly knew that, but I stopped myself before sounding like her dad. At first, knowing that my daughter could reference particular porn styles irked me. But as I thought about it, I realized that I'd much rather her be at home watching lesbian videos than out the world getting knocked up by some guy.

Actually, now that I was really considering it, I'd much rather be introduced to her girlfriend than think about another man ploughing my baby girl.

"Whoa... whoa..." Devin said. "I didn't mean anything like that."

But Kaitlyn kept laughing.

"Oh my god," She said between breaths. "It's like you're in his browser history.

"What the hell?" Holly said. "Let's make a dream come true."

"Really?" I asked.

"Come on," Holly said. "It might be fun."

I sort of squatted under the water, letting my daughter climb onto my shoulders. I suppose there should have been nothing other than innocence in the act. Other than Devin, I was probably the only one sexualizing the chicken fight, obsessing over the feel Holly's thighs around my shoulders. I thought about her sex pressed against the back of my neck, covered by that thin piece of fabric.

I knew it was perverted, but I couldn't keep my thoughts from drifting in that direction, especially since Holly introduced me as her boyfriend.

Though it was enough to just feel her touch, my imagination kicked into overdrive as the faux combat began. The two grappled playfully; Holly's bottom wriggled against my shoulders, her pussy rubbing up and down against the back of my head. Though I couldn't see up, I created a mental image of the two of them. Kaitlyn's larger breasts would bounce against Holly's petite frame. Then Kaitlyn would grab Holly around the neck, pulling her into that cleavage, squeezing her against those curves until her legs wrenched free.

Instead of indulging in my perverse fantasies, my baby girl seemed to take the upper hand. Her hands so close to the other girl's boobs, pushing just below Kaityln's shoulders. Then the two grappled, pulling, their hands holding onto each other's arms. We almost had them. Kaitlyn had one cheek off her boyfriend's shoulder...

Then I overcommitted.

I lost my balance, and the two of us toppled over into the pool.
