 When I was a kid, I developed a urethra stricture. To put it in regular terms, it hurt like hell whenever I tried to pee because the opening of my penis was too small. The doctors assured my parents that when I got older, I could have an operation to make the mouth wider, but at my age, they didn't want to operate on me why I was still growing.

So I ended up wearing diapers for a long time. I also could really only pee comfortably in a warm shower or especially when I was sitting in a warm bathtub.

By the time I was 18, my mother was still a beautiful woman in her late 30s. With her blonde hair and large eyes, she could pass for Emilia Clarke in dragon queen mode. She had given birth to me when she was very young, but because of my medical problems, my dad didn't want to risk having another kid. So while my parents were athletic, out playing tennis almost every day, jogging and skiing and hiking, I had grown up to be a skinny kid, fair like my mother but with shaggy curly brown hair like my dad. People told me I looked a lot like the actor Timothee Chalamet. I looked nothing like my father who could pass for Hugh Jackman in Wolverine gear. No my mother and I were more like twins, Elvin people, fair and thin. My mother though, still stood an inch taller than I was at 18.

I knew my father was disappointed in me. I think his idea of a perfect son would have been my cousin, Joey, who was a towering all star athlete at school. My father started to spend less and less time at home, grabbing every opportunity to travel for work. My mother became depressed as we both wondered if he was having an affair.

One of my father's cruelties was to remind me at every opportunity that I was going to have the urethra operation. Of course, I was terrified of the surgery. I had spent so much time in the hospital as a kid, I really didn't like the idea if having my dick cut open, gutted like a fish to be restitched. My dad would laugh "Almost time to get your dick cut off!" he'd sneer, and my mother would shush him and put a comforting hand on my shoulder.

Unknown to my father, when i turned 18, my mother began a regimen to ease my aches and pain. At night, just before bed, she would fill the bathtub with a bubble bath and lead me by my hand to climb into the tub and soak in the water. While I washed my hair, my arms, my armpits, she would reach under the surface of the water and gently massage my balls and resulting erection until I urinated in the tub. The warm water made it easier to pee and I quickly grew over the embarrassment of having my beautiful mother handle my soapy erection. She would get me to stand while she drained the dirty water. Then she would refill the tub and let me finish my bath.

Other nights, she would enter my room wearing a long satin or silk nightdress in different colors with a sexy slit showing her thighs. I always thought my mother was quiet beautiful. She would walk around my bed and rub my back while I lay on my side and whisper in my ear that I was her big boy, her handsome son. She marveled at the hair on my legs - signs of my maturity - and seemed to take pleasure massaging my feet, remarking how I shed shoe size after shoe size. I was the skinny kid with big feet. 

"When you were born," my mother began, "I could fit your little feet in my mouth!" She squeezed my toes. "Now look at you! You are a tall, handsome young man."

After all of this attention, I would be fully erect and whimpering to her that her attentions had spurred me on to a painful boner. She would caress my shoulders and reach down gently squeeze my scrotum and begin to massage my turgid organ slowly, her small hand grasping me, her fingers wrapped around my shaft, her thumb rubbing around the head of my aching erection. It was almost as painful as popping a zit! I felt the pressure build as her hand squeezed and stroked urgently and then there was a split second of pain then pleasure as I violently squirted the first few jets of cum, then, finally relaxed and soft, my organ would dribble the rest of my ejaculate like a leaking garden hose.

As my body relaxed, my mother would fetch towels from my bathroom and wipe me down, then my sheets. I watched her in the darkness of my room, smell her perfume and catch glimpses of her beautiful body from the sheer nightdresses she wore whenever she visited me. She would finish by kissing me on the forehead, then a quick peck on the lips.

One night, a night that my father was out of town, my mother entered my room with a determined stride. I was on my side as usual, the night light on, a book in hand. But instead of gently massaging my back, my mother rolled me over to lie on my back. I looked at her surprised - this position would hurt, I thought. Suddenly my mother got on my bed and laid on top of me, her head on my chest. I felt her hand reach down between us, massaging and squeezing my balls. My reaction was almost immediate. I quickly became erect, but I started to thrash around as it was a painful erection and I wanted to lie back on my side. But my mother pressed her satin body against my chest and continued to pull at my genitals.

"Shhhhh!" she whispered. Out of her pockets, she took out silk strips and she tied my wrists to my headboard. 

I wordlessly watched her in shock as she sat astride my stomach to stop me from moving. She rubbed her satin nightdress over my body and balls. When I whimpered with delight, she turned around to sit on my stomach with her back to me using her weight to pin me down as she tickled and massaged my balls all while pulling at my aching erection that quickly became sticky with my precum. 

"You're getting to be a big boy," she whispered. "You're as thick as my wrist." She rubbed her forearm against my throbbing length to compare them. I gasped and whimpered as each flex of hardness made me feel as if a pellet of lava was waiting to erupt from the tip of my cock. 

She methodically kept rubbing my length, from mushroom head down to my balls until finally I let out a groan and ejaculated onto my mother's bosom.

"Good boy," she whispered. She got off me and wiped me down before untying me.

This became our new ritual. She came to my room every night wearing a different colored nightdress.

In spite of the twinge of pain, I enjoyed her new style massages immensely. There was a delicious mystery to only be able to look at her backside while her hands worked their magic on my inexperienced teenaged organ. I wanted nothing else but my mother's touch. Her strokes pulled me into maturity, and sometimes I looked in the bathroom mirror admiring myself, crediting my mother for making me bigger.

One night my mother wore stockings and suspenders with a long red silk nightdress slit up the side and sexy red satin fullback panties to surprise my father. He had been on a busy trip to Germany for many weeks, and my mother paced the halls of our house, anxiously awaiting his return.

But he called and said he was delayed and not coming home that night.

I heard my mother slam the phone down. I heard her begin to pace the house again, muttering to herself. I heard her march up the stairs, down the hall toward my room. I could only smile as I anticipated one of her enjoyable handjobs, but she pushed me down on my bed, reached back to unfasten her night dress. And before me, her ample breasts spilled out in front of my face. She leaned forward, so I dutifully suckled on one breast, then the other.

She reached down and began to squeeze, tickle and massage my balls using her satin body to tease me. I loved the feel of her body, and I savored having her breasts in my mouth. But this was so much more than a massage. I could tell she was a little bit mad tonight. Her little hand was pulling at me, squeezing me. She sniffed her fingers and reached back down to tap the wet pouty end of my organ that leaked precum like a faucet. 

I tried to say something to protest, but my mother began to kiss my lips, muffling my cries as I tried to squirm out from beneath her. She forcefully kissed me open mouth and continued to rub me harder until I came whilst she squeezed me by the balls.

Unlike previous times, my erection didn't soften. Instead, it pulsed in her hand. My mother's eyes flared with delight. She turned around to face my feet and then she leaned forward to sniff my genitals. I heard her moan, say, "Ahhhhhh..." and I was so shocked, I thought I imagined it, but I watched her head bob downward as she took my organ into her mouth.

Her hand held the base of my cock as her lips wrapped around the head, her tongue lapped me clean, like a hungry cat. I didn't know what was coming over me - my usual passive stance had changed. I reached down with one hand to finger her long blonde hair while I rocked my hips upward to fuck my mother's face.

She too was shocked. I heard her gurgle with me in her mouth, but she soon resumed control, pushing my hips down so that she could control her devouring motions. One hand on my shaft, one hand on my balls, her head resumed bobbing up and down and I suddenly debated whether I wanted to cum in my mother's mouth.

"No, please, mom, no." I moaned.

But she was starving. She increased her tempo and I cried out as I released a load in my mother's wet, sucking mouth. I heard her swallow a couple times before she sat back up, turned around and patted me on the cheek.

"My sweet boy." she said, "You tasted so good."

"Mom?" I had so many questions right then. Had the status of our world changed? Was she no longer my mother? Now my lover? My girlfriend? You could call me silly, but I was just an 18 year boy who wasn't the most experienced in such matters.

"My goodness!" She had reached back behind her only to find I was still erect. An odd look crossed her face and she scuttled forward and sat on my face. She reached back again to masturbate me while I struggled to breath and jerked my hips as I pumped my length into her hand. She face fucked me for at least 10 minutes before she cried out and started shuddering in a climax. She got up from my bed and looked at my erection that was bright and red from all her handling.

"Mom? No. We can't go back from that." I watched her eyes glaze over as if hypnotized as she looked at my organ lying hard on my stomach.

"It needs to be, son. I need you to be with me now." She said quietly. She parted the folders of her nightdress and revealed her delta of venus, wet, glistening, so red. She climbed back onto my crotch and aimed by erection into her. Then, with one deft motion, she eased herself onto me.

"Mom!" I was shocked as I felt her slide down, inch by inch. By the time she had hilted herself onto me, I was wriggling my toes in pleasure, fascinated, electrified that I was 6 inches deep inside my own mother.

Very deliberately and slowly, she rocked forward to begin a puckering motion. Her vagina was so wet. My vagina, I reminded myself. The vagina that gave birth to me. It's wet suction pulled my tumescent organ into her, vacuum pumping me to an astonishing girth. She reached for my hands and continued the rocking motion and I felt manly and yet un-manned, losing my virginity to my mother. My penis felt sore and raw and I wondered if my mother had forgotten, in her current state of closed-eyed pleasure - that my erection hurt in this position.

But under the folders of her silk nightdress, her eager body twerked and hungrily held me in her tight embrace. I worried about the pain of my erection, the pain of ejaculation, but it was as if my mother's body was flexing all of her muscles to massage me to ease. That first rime, she mounted me until I ejaculated deep inside her. And still I was hard, so she didn't even need to part. She shuddered with her own orgasm, savoring my hard young body as she continued to ride me to two more orgasms.

"Fucking teenager," she managed to gasp when I came again and still showed no signs of softening. She smiled watching my legs squirm, my toes curl at that final orgasm that ultimately made my organ return to an unexcited, softened state.

When she finally got off me, she showed me her vagina sopping wet with her juices, dripping with mine - her own son's boy juice. She kissed me on the forehead, and then on the lips. And then more deliberately on my lips, parting and sucking the tip of my tongue.

"Did you like that?" my mother asked.

"Oh yeah." I stretched my arms and looked at the window. It was almost sunrise. We had fucked all night.

"My handsome son."

"My beautiful mother."

She put her head on my chest and drew letters on my stomach, occasionally tapping my tired organ with her finger. She eventually cupped my balls and decided to take a nap in this position. 

I looked at her golden hair and wondered why would my father ever leave such a beautiful woman.