 The waiting room smelled like hand sanitizer. I couldn't keep myself from fidgeting, grabbing at my own fingers and biting the inside of my lip. No matter where I go it feels like everybody is watching me, judging my looks and every move. The lady sitting across from me is having a coughing fit every two to three minutes, and in between she's staring at the floor, directly at me feet. Is she judging my legs? Did I miss shaving a spot? I knew I should have gone over them twice.

"Oakley?" A voice called out, pulling me from my thoughts. I looked up at the kind, short nurse and followed her into the back. She took me to a room and took my vitals, "Alright, everything looks good. I there anything I should mention to Doctor Hall before he comes in?" 

"Doctor Hall?" I asked with confusion, "That's not-" 

"Not Doctor Washter? I know, she's called in sick today. If that's a problem we could always reschedule," the nurse suggested, pulling out her clipboard and a pen, "Otherwise we're all set. Doctor Hall, he's new here, but good at his job." 

He?

I began to feel nerves jumble together at the bottom of my stomach. I've never once had a male doctor, ever. Mostly due to my request, other than that, by chance. There's no point in rescheduling if I'm already here and I'll have to swallow my fear and get over it.

"No, it's okay. That's fine," I shook my head and offered the nurse a small smile as she walked out. I undressed and changed into the ugly, thin hospital gown. I folded my clothes and set them on the chair beside the bed, then sat down with my legs crossed, hands trapped underneath my thighs so I wouldn't fidget. 

Two quick, short knocks on the door made me jump up right before it was opened, and Doctor Hall came through the door with a friendly smile on his face, "Hi, I'm Doctor Hall," he extended a hand. 

For a second I didn't know what to do, my social anxiety halted me, "I um, hi. It's nice to meet you. You're not American, are you?" I asked, taking note of his accent. Doctor Hall raised an eyebrow at me and I quickly backtracked, "I mean, I-it's not business, obviously. I'm sorry."

"No no, you're okay. I'm from Australia. I get asked that all of the time when I'm in America," he laughed and went to sit down in the chair I had put my clothes on, "Ah, you've put your clothes on my chair," he tutted playfully, "I'll just move them here, if that's okay?"

"I um, yeah okay," I nodded, feeling embarrassed. James picked up my folded clothes, and as he was moving them to the table, my panties fell from the small pile, "Oh shit," I mumbled and quickly jumped up to retrieve them. If they weren't skimpy, sexy panties I wouldn't have minded much. But the lack of fabric and lace were meant for my eyes only. "I'm sorry about that."

It seemed like James was stifling a bit of laughter, I could tell from the small smirk he was trying so hard to hide, "You apologize a lot, don't you? And don't worry about it, I quite like that shade of blue." I blushed, but quickly tried to make it go away as I realized that comment wasn't very professional of him, 

"Right, so are we only here for a yearly exam? Or is there something you'd like to discuss aside from that?" He asked as he clicked through the computer, likely looking at my data. 

"Just an exam, I think," I said quietly, deciding to not stare at him any longer than I should. 

Doctor Hall stopped clicking away on the computer and rolled his chair over to me. We sat eye to eye, and the tension left an odd feeling in my stomach, "If there's anything you're concerned about Oakley, you need to bring it up. I know I'm not your regular GP, but don't hold back." 

"I've just been really stressed out lately. I've tried taking breaks from working, and removing myself from stressful situations, but I can't really shake that restless feeling. It's nothing physical, just something that's been going on for a while that I can't seem to get control over," I admitted, playing with my fingers the entire time. 

"Right, less physical, more mental," James nodded, "Unfortunately I can't do much for mental worries, but I can write you a referral to see a therapist here at the hospital. Or, you could find a private therapist that takes your insurance." 

"Right," I nodded, "Thanks." 

"I'm going to ask you a few questions before we get started," he said quietly and rolled back over to his computer, "Now, are you exercising regularly and having a normal cycle?" 

"Yes and yes." 

"How many days a week?" 

"Usually once a month," I joked, earning a small laugh from him, "Kidding. Always every day of the week, occasionally I take a day off to chill out." 

"Good, good. I see here you're on birth control, are you sexually active and interested in getting an STI screen?" 

"Yes, but I haven't been since the last time I got tested, which came clean thankfully," I said softly while avoiding eye contact. 

"That lest test was," James trailed off, "Eight months ago. Maybe that's why you're so stressed. Hell, maybe it's just built up frustration. No?" 

My eyes widened, and the fidgeting got more frequent. I bent my fingers forwards and backwards, cracking my knuckles. I was starting to get uncomfortable. Instead of answering I let out a small chuckle and shook my head, still avoiding eye contact. 

"Do you masturbate?" James asked. I looked up, and he was clearly enjoying my discomfort. Either that, or he was just being quite friendly about it. 

"Well, yeah." 

"How often?" 

I let out a frustrated huff and put my hands under my thighs to stop the fidgeting, "I don't think that's any of your business, Doctor Hall." 

"You're right, it isn't my business. Even though certain things aren't my business, it does help to know what's going on. You don't have to answer or disclose anything you don't want to," he explained with his hands up, clearly picking up on my defensive behavior. 

"Probably once or twice a week," I shrugged. 

"Hmm. So the stressed could definitely be frustration. Maybe if you did that more often, you would feel a little less wound up."

"There's only so much my fingers can do," I said sarcastically, wiggling my fingers in front of myself.

"Well there are a lot of options. You're an attractive young woman, it shouldn't be hard to find a partner. Toys, too. Vibrators, fake cocks-" 

"Can we move on? Please?" I interrupted him, my voice cold and short.

"Of course. Let's start with a breast exam, see if there are any lumps we should be worried about," James stood up and walked over to the bed, pushing the peddle that made the bed rise. He rose me until I saw him eye to eye, and he was standing fairly close, "Right, this may be uncomfortable, just bare with me." 

He took my breasts in his hands and started to examine them. He was right, it was uncomfortable, and it kind of hurt. I've had this done before and I know it can hurt, but it's how they feel for the lumps, so I dealt. But it started to feel good, and that's when I realized he wasn't really... Examining, anymore. 

Doctor Hall was now groping them, both of his hands moving rhythmically together. He moved my breasts up, squeezed, let them fall with his hands, squeezed. I hadn't looked at him the entire time, mostly because of how uncomfortable it was. But now I was afraid to look at him because I didn't want him to know I was enjoying it. What he was doing is wrong, and not what doctors should be doing. 

I was able to avoid my eye contact. That is, until he pinched my hard nipples. I yelped and looked up at him. His friendly vibe was gone, and his eyes had a different look in them, "I think that's enough," I said weakly. 

"Why?" He cocked his head to the side, then ran his fingers over my nipples again. The sensation sent tingles down my spine and stomach, "You seem to be enjoying it." 

"The body reacts to things unintentionally. You're a doctor for fucks sake, you should know that," I spat, "Just because my body reacts positively, doesn't mean my mind isn't throwing red flags at me. Can you please finish what you need to finish?" 

He laughed, "So you do have some spunk in you, you're not as quiet and defenseless as you make it seem." 

"What's that supposed to mean?" I ask, "And get your hands off of my breasts!" I whisper yell, smacking his hands off of me. 

"It means you're naturally submissive, and you don't hide it very easily. Men will take advantage of that, Oakley." 

"Kind of like what you're trying to do right now, right?" I glared at him. 

Doctor Hall ignored my question and turned away, walked to the edge of the bed. He pulled the stirrups out from the underside and adjusted them, then looked at me expectantly. "What? Do you want to make sure you have a healthy cervix, or do you think I'm just going to take advantage of you, lovely?" 

"Fuck it, I'm just going to leave," I said and stood up, grabbing my clothes, "Doctor Hall can you please leave so I can change into my clothes? You're making me very uncomfortable." 

"Oakley, sit down." 

"No, I told you. You are making me uncomfortable!" I began to raise my voice at him, but I was starting to get scared. I dropped my clothes while trying to grab my shorts due to my hands shaking. 

Doctor Hall stalked towards me, and I backed up. I walked as far away from him as I could before hitting the wall behind me, where he pressed his body up against mine. I opened my mouth to scream, but he shoved my panties into my mouth before I could. He pressed his hard cock against me and smiled, "It would be a shame if you told me you've been having suicidal thoughts, wouldn't it? I'd have to have a few nurses escort you to psych, where you'd be spending the next three nights in a padded box. I wouldn't want you to be a danger to yourself, would I?" 

I started to hyperventilate and cry. Since I couldn't talk I furiously shook my head no. 

"Good girl. I wouldn't want to have to do that, psych is never fun. Wouldn't you rather be pleasured? To have all of the frustration flow away?" He whispered, running a finger down my cheek. 

I flinched from his touch and he smacked me quite hard, "Wouldn't you rather be pleasured?" He asked again, but with more force, "Look what you've made me do, Oakley. You've made me mark your pretty and innocent little face."

"Stop," I tried to say. But between the panties in my mouth and my now uncontrollable crying, it was hard to understand. But I kept trying, "Stop, just let me go." 

"What's that?" Doctor Hall asked in a condescending tone, "I can't quite hear you, Oakley. Why don't you come sit on the bed, put your feet up? Relax." 

I shook my head again, but I shouldn't have. He grabbed my throat and pushed, making my head bounce off of the wall behind me. He held me there tightly, slightly cutting off my oxygen, "Don't. Make. Me. Hurt. You," He nearly growled, holding his head not even an inch from mine, "Take off the gown, get on the table, put your feet up." 

The doctor let go of my throat and walked off. He stood in front of the stirrups with his arms crossed, waiting somewhat impatiently. I looked away from him and turned around, reaching my shaky hands behind me, untying the already revealing hospital gown. I let it drop to the floor in front of me then hopped up onto the bed, doing everything I could to cover my special parts. 

I sat there with my legs crossed and doing my best to cover up my breasts. I didn't want to get closer to him, he was starting to terrify me, "Come here, Oakley. I'm going to count to three. One," he began to count. 

"No," I shook my head. I stopped breathing heavily at this point and I was left with silent tears. 

"Two, three," he nearly shouted then lunged forward, grabbing my ankles. He then yanked me forwards, almost to the point where it felt like my ass was about to fall off of the bed. He roughly put my feet in the stirrups and used something I didn't recognize to restrain them. Once he left the stirrups alone I began to struggle, to try and find any way I could maneuver out of them. But I couldn't. My holes were completely exposed to him and I've never felt as vulnerable to anyone as I do right now. 

"You shouldn't even bother with that," he laughed, "Besides, I really like when girls struggle like that for me. Reminds me of how helpless girls are, how helpless you are, you cunt." 

"Fuck you," I insulted. 

"You know those panties really do muffle your words better than I thought they would," he smiled while putting gloves on, "I'm going to pretend you didn't say that. Because I'm afraid if I have to hurt you again, your screams may alert another nurse or doctor. We can't have that, can we?" 

It's pretty fucking ideal, I thought to myself. I watched him grab his stool and sit in front of my pussy. He took a speculum and showed it to me, "I think it's time we look at your cervix, hmm? And from the looks of it, I won't need to get any lube. I knew you were a whore the second I saw you."

I started to breathe heavily again as he took the tool, moving it around the outside of my pussy. He slid it between my pussy lips and that's when I started to cry again. Why was my body acting like this when my brain is in full panic? Why is it betraying me?

My hips jerked as he pushed the tool in a bit further and I nearly cursed again. My pussy was dripping wet, and I could hear my juices being moved around my the tool, "You're pussy smells amazing Oakley, props to for taking good care of yourself," he praised, but it made me feel disgusting.

Doctor Hall then pushed the tool all of the way inside of me, then expanded it. I let out a small cry and wiggled my ass and hips in attempt to get it out of me but it didn't work at all. He grabbed a small light and shined it inside of me, "You look healthy. Tight, clean." He clicked the light off and began to move it out of me, then back in. He kept moving the tool in and out of me, "Your pussy has a nice grip. This speculum is so small, Oakley. I wonder what it will look like with my cock fucking it." 

"No!" I began to struggle again, this time the entire bed was shaking underneath me. It was starting to make a lot of noise, and I was hoping someone would hear it. Doctor Hall didn't want to deal with it though so he got up and walked over to me. He used the back of his hand to slap me, hard. 

He put his hand over my mouth and let his fingernails grip into my cheeks as he got close to me, "Shut the fuck up, you stupid cunt. If you get me into trouble you are in for a world of fucking hurt. I now have your address, your number, your email. The more you make me work the more this will come back to haunt you. I suggest you lay back and take this like the submissive little slut you are, maybe act like you enjoy it. Then we'll move on with our day, hmm?" 

I nodded my head and stopped looking at him. How can I? He's taking advantage of me, hurting me. I've never been slapped in my entire life until now. Never been choked. How many other women has he done this too?

"If I take this out, you don't scream. We both know what happens if you do. Got it?" He gently pulled at the panties in my mouth, "When you start to enjoy my cock, I want to be able to hear your pathetic, whore moans." 

"The only thing pathetic here is you," I said to him as soon as the panties fell from my mouth, "Fuck you." 

Doctor Hall gave me a menacing and angry look. And then he spat in my face, "Know your place, whore. You don't talk to me like that." 

"And what are you going to do about it?" I toyed, "If you hurt me I'll just scream. Three days in psych doesn't sound so bad as long as you get arrested." 

He grabbed my throat again, this time completely cutting my oxygen off. My hands flew to my neck, scratching and prying at his hand, but he didn't budge. I didn't have much strength and he knew it, took advantage of it. He stared down at me with a dead-eyed look and didn't budge. My mouth fell open as my vision blurred and I felt the blood rushing around my body, I began to feel lighter. "Please," I managed to say. 

He let go and I gasped for air. I coughed furiously, tears streamed down my cheeks. I looked up at him to see a huge smile. How did he find this entertaining? "I find you more attractive when you're quiet and desperate to breathe. Do you know your place now? I don't think you want to find out what happens if you disobey me again." 

I didn't want to find out, he was right about that, "Yes." 

"Yes what?" Doctor Hall asked, then bent down to my level. 

"Yes, I know my place," I whispered, not wanting to look at him. 

He grabbed my chin and forced me to look at him, "Say it again. Look me in the eyes." 

"Yes, I know my place," I said even quieter than before while looking directly into his eyes. 

"Good girl," he praised and pat my cheek, "When is the last time you had an orgasm?" 

I internally cursed to stop myself from yelling at him again. To be honest, I don't remember the last time I had given myself one, "Weeks, maybe a month or more ago." 

"That's too long to go without one. That's going to change today!" He kissed my forehead, and I did my best to avoid giving him a nice headbutt. He walked over and stood in between the stirrups again, then ran his gloved hands down my thighs and over my pussy. 

The cold latex made me shiver as he ran one of his fingers up and down my lips, like he had done with the speculum. His finger didn't feel real, almost like a foreign object due to the gloves. It somehow made the feelings more intense and I found myself enjoying his touch for a few seconds. I pulled myself out of it though. It was my body telling me these things, not my head. This man is a sadistic asshole and he shouldn't be making me feel good. 

I exhaled a large breath as he pushed two of his fingers into me. I'm not going to lie, it hurt. It hurt real bad. But there was this pressure that also felt really, really good. And I felt disgusting for feeling it.

"You're getting more wet," Doctor Hall mused, staring down at me with a look I couldn't describe, "I thought I was pathetic? Last time I checked, pathetic men can't make women like you this god damn wet." 

"Stop," I whispered. The need to uncontrollably cry came back as I covered my face. He knows my feelings are involuntarily, and he knows he can use that to fuck my head up, "Please just stop. I promise I won't tell anyone."

"Yeah," the doctor laughed, "Sure you won't. By the time we're done, you'll be begging to come back." 

"Doubtful," I said under my breath.

"What was that?" 

"Nothing." 

Doctor Hall looked at me with disappointment. It made me feel small, so worthless and vulnerable. I watched as he cocked his head to the side, felt as his fingers started curling up inside of me. My blood felt cold as I realized what he was about to do, "Do you want to tell me what you said?" 

"I-" I started to talk, but his sudden and fast movements paralyzed me. I could hear my pussy juices moving rapidly with his fingers, I could see his pursed lips and locked gaze. He wasn't looking at my face though. He was locked onto my bouncing breasts. With every movement he made they jiggled around, and that man was fixated. 

"God I love watching your tits bounce around like that," he breathed out and reached forward with his free hands. He grabbed one of my breasts slapped it hard.

It hurt really bad, the breast he had hit started to ache and I felt myself crying again. The building pleasure in my lower half contradicted the pain growing on my upper half, and I wasn't quite sure how to feel about any of it. If I gave into the pleasure I'd be giving him what he wanted, and I'd betray my body. But it started to feel so good... 

No. I placed my hands over my breasts to minimize the bouncing and my pain.

"Move your hands Oakley," Doctor Hall warned. 

