 This is a story about our 18 year old daughter, Emily. Some readers will say it is a story of incest, some will say it is a story of her sexual education. I will leave that up to you to decide.

******

My name is Tony and my wife's name is Luisa. We are both 38 and were married right out of high school when we were 18. Our families discouraged our marriage but accepted it. I was lucky enough to get a good job right away. 

Before we were married, Luisa told me that she liked girls just as much as she liked men. This surprised me but I told her I was ok with that and we would set up rules and guidelines.

We had Emily within the year. After the birth, the doctor told Luisa that she wouldn't be able to have any more children.

The story begins...

Luisa, at 38, is just as gorgeous as when she was 18. She is 5'9", long legs, black hair, green eyes, 36-22-36, 135 and a trimmed pussy.

I am 5'10", 180, brown hair, hazel eyes and a 7" thick cut cock.

Luisa was raised in a strict household and vowed to be not so strict with Emily. I agreed with her that we should be somewhat relaxed in bringing her up. We decided that once Emily was 18, there would be no secrets from her and that our bedroom door would always be open and we would answer all her questions honestly.

The first few years were great and Emily was growing and going to school.

Emily was a bit slow to physically develop but she had a hell of a growth spurt. By 18, she was the spitting age of her mother.

Luisa had "the" talk with Emily and many a times she saw me and her mom having sex. At 18, she was always asking questions which we always answered.

One night Luisa and I were having sex with Luisa on all fours facing the doorway and I was fucking her doggie style. There was Emily watching us. As I was fucking Luisa, Luisa asked her what she wanted. Emily smiled and said, "It's a good thing you can't have kids because I would have 20 brothers or sisters by now and walked away.

Now, Luisa and I were never shy and we sometimes were naked in the house since Emily was now 18. We had a small pool and enjoyed it in the nude. Many times the three of us were naked in the pool together.

On a few occasions, Emily saw my cock erect and would ask me about it. I would tell her that it got that way because I loved her mother and wanted to have sex with her and her mother liked it like that.

Then she asked me, "mom must like it a lot because you guys are always doing it. Will you do it with me to see if I like it?"

One day Luisa and I were naked by the pool and Emily came over and unexpectedly asked her mom, "How come you have sex with women?"

I looked at Luisa and my wife answered, "Well hon, I love your father but I also like being with a woman. A woman feels softer and knows what another woman likes so they have sex to please each other."

Then Emily said, "Would you have sex with me to see if I like it?"

Luisa answered, "Well, you are 18 and when the time is right, we will have sex together, but not now."

Then she turned to me and asked, "Dad, how come you are always having sex with mom since she can't have children?"

Luisa looked at me and I replied, "Well Emily, having sex doesn't always mean you want to make babies. Sometimes you have sex because it just feels good for the husband and wife."

Emily smiled and jumped into the pool and asked us to join her. Luisa and I jumped in with her and we played in the pool until we all looked like raisins.

One day Luisa brought home a female friend for dinner. It was a friend from the neighborhood. Her name was Cindy. She must have been around 25, tall, blonde and a nice figure. Luisa had already told me that Cindy would be staying the night in the guest bedroom. I was ok with it as I knew her plans.

At dinner, we were all chatting and Emily said, "Hey mom, are you and Cindy going to have sex tonight? Can I watch?"

I thought Luisa was going to choke on her food. She composed herself and replied, "Emily, Cindy and I are good friends. She is having work done in her house and needed a place to sleep tonight. So, I told her to stay here."

Then Cindy said, "Emily, would it be ok if your mom and I did have sex?"

Emily answered, "Well, I know mom likes to have sex with pretty women and you are pretty but I don't mind if you do. But could I watch?"

I looked at Luisa who said, "Emily, I guess you can watch if Cindy says it's ok."

Cindy gave a nod of approval.

That night, the two women went into the guest bedroom with Emily right behind them. Before the night was over, Emily saw her mother having sex with a woman for the first time.

The next morning Emily told me that her mother and Cindy looked like they had a good time and she couldn't wait to try it.

Well, before we knew it, Emily's 19th birthday was here. We threw her a big party with all her friends and family.

She received all sorts of gifts and what made it more special was that afternoon she received a letter telling her that she was accepted to a great college.

Her mom and I gave Emily a new car for her birthday. We were so proud of our daughter.

The party lasted well into the evening before all the guests left.

We cleaned up and went to bed.

The next morning at breakfast Emily asked, "Now that I'm 19, are you guys going to have sex with me liked we talked about?"

I looked at Luisa who replied, "I'll tell you what, tonight you can join us in our bedroom to watch me and your dad have sex up close. Then we will go from there. Ok?"

Emily just said ok and we finished breakfast.

After dinner we enjoyed some pool time and when it got dark, we went inside.

We all watched some tv and my wife said it was time to go upstairs and call it a night.

The three of us went upstairs to take our showers.

Emily went to her room to shower and Luisa and I went to our room to shower.

My wife and I dried off and walked naked to our bed. Just as we got there, Emily appeared ready, eager and naked.

Her mom told her to sit in the chair and just watch.

I started making out with Luisa and my cock got hard very quickly. Luisa soon had my cock in her mouth. I noticed Emily watching closely.

Then, I pulled my cock out of Luisa's mouth then mounted her. In a second I slid my cock into her cunt.

I started fucking my wife with Emily's glued to our activity.

Just then I told Luisa I was going to cum. Luisa told me to cum on her tits to show Emily.

Just as I was ready to cum, I pulled out my cock, gave it a couple of jerks and shot my cum onto my wife's tits.

Then I fell to the side, spent. Emily was now practically on the bed with us.

Luisa sat up and said, "Emily, was that what you expected to see hon?"

Emily looked at her mother and said, "Mom, that was terrific. Does dad always do that?"

Her mom replied, "No Emily. Most of the time your dad stays in me and does that. He did it for you to see."

Emily continued, "Hey dad, will you do that with me?"

I looked at her mother then her and answered, "I don't think so. You see, if I did that to you, you might get pregnant."

Emily replied, "Then what if I put your thing in my mouth like mommy did?"

I looked at her and said, "Ok. But first talk to your mom and she will tell you all about it. Then we will try it."

Finally, she went off to bed.

I looked at Luisa and said, "Are you going to teach your daughter how to give blow jobs?"

She looked at me and told me she will, starting tomorrow. I smiled kissed her and went to sleep.

The next morning at breakfast Luisa was already teaching Emily how to suck cock by using a cucumber. I laughed when I saw them.

Emily saw me and told me that her mother said I was good at this. She also said I could try it tonight with you. I told her to keep practicing and we will do it tonight.

Night time came and there was Emily all ready to try.

I sat on the edge of the bed and Luisa showed her what to do first, then she told Luisa to try.

My cock was rock hard when Emily placed her mouth on my cock. Luisa instructed her on what to do. In no time at all, Emily was giving me a good blow job. 

After a few minutes I told them I was going to cum. Luisa said that she told Emily what to expect and to swallow whatever goes into her mouth.

A few more sucks and I said I was cumming. Emily suddenly got streams of my cum in her mouth and for her first time, she swallowed most of it, then smiled as she was so proud.

Luisa gave her a big hug and kiss. Then she had me move over and had Emily lay besides her.

I moved off the bed and watched.

Luisa took Emily and kissed her on her lips, then slipped her tongue into Emily's mouth. I could see their tongues playing together.

As they kissed, I saw Emily's nipples getting erect as her mother's nipples were getting erect too.

Luisa started sucking Emily's nipples and Emily was enjoying it. The next thing I saw was Luisa moving her mouth down to Emily's pussy. Soon Luisa had Emily's legs spread and was eating Emily's pussy and sucking on her clit. 

Emily just kept saying, "Mom that feels so good. Don't stop. Mom I feel something."

Luisa said, "Baby enjoy the feeling. You are going to have your first orgasm."

Then Emily yelled out, "Mom, I am going to explode...don't stop."

Then Emily's body shook and she had one orgasm after another as her mother was still eating her.

When everything quieted down, we asked Emily about her experiences.

She sat there, her nipples still erect then said, "First mom and dad, thanks for doing this for me. Dad, I loved sucking you and mom, thanks for giving me that great feeling. I loved them both."

Luisa and I said, "Emily, from now on you can join us in bed any time and we will teach you a lot more. Let us know if there is anything else we can do for you.

"I will mom. Thanks."