 It was the third morning of the trip and Evelyn was ready for the day's activities, dressed in a new bikini. While her son was washing himself in the bathroom, she checked her email on her phone and her heart nearly sank. 

The bathroom door opened and her son came out, noticing her despair. 

"Is everything okay?" Chris asked, confused by mom's sudden mood change.

Evelyn put her phone away and stood barefoot in the hotel room, ready to have some fun. She did her best to be upbeat, even though the news was devastating to her.

"Oh, nothing," she replied, being a good mother and hiding away her grief from her son.

"Are you sure? Maybe I can help."

She smiled. "What's important is, I'm very glad that we get to spend alone time together. You know how busy I've been at the firm, and I know you've been busy with college."

"Yeah, I'm glad we get to do this, too. Seriously though, what's wrong? Anything I should know about?"

She sighed. "If you really want to know, your father and I were supposed to do something on this trip. We missed our chance, but oh well. That's okay."

This was supposed to be an anniversary trip between Evelyn and her husband. She had booked and paid for everything. But when something came up at her husband's work, he had to cancel at the last minute, and Evelyn was forced to drag her son along.

What their son didn't know, however, was that they had all sorts of adult-related activities planned at this exclusive island resort. Things which had been her fantasy all her adult life.

"Can't you do it next year?" Chris asked.

"No, it's not exactly an annual thing," she sighed, then put on a lovely smile. "Let's forget it. It's nothing. I didn't mean to be a downer. Let's have a great time today, okay?" 

Chris paused for a moment and pondered. "You know, before coming on this trip, dad told me to take his place. He said it a few times. I just assumed he meant swimming and sightseeing. All the usual stuff."

"Your father was teasing," she laughed. "Trust me, you wouldn't be interested."

"Are you sure? I can do anything dad can do. Come on, you keep treating me like I'm in high school. I'm an adult now."

Evelyn winced at the idea. "I don't know."

"We won't know unless we try it, right?"

"Well..."

Evelyn's voice trailed off and a slight smile formed on her lips. Would it be such a bad thing if she invited her son? Or in some way, treated her son as a replacement? It made sense, since Chris was handsome and was a real ladies man, just like his father was at that age.

"What is it?" Chris asked.

She thought for a moment, then pursed her lips. "I'm only telling you this because your father offered, whether he was joking or not. Have you ever heard of a famous photographer named Mr. Woo? He's from Hong Kong, but educated in Britain."

"Never heard of him."

Evelyn blushed. "Well, so you know, Mr. Woo is world-renowned when it comes to making fine art. He's directed several music videos in Asia, but mostly he's known for his exquisite photography. He's won countless awards and he's one of the highest paid artists in the world."

"I think I get it," Chris nodded. "This person is doing something here on the island and you wanted to join with dad. I saw a bunch of camera equipment in the lobby the day we arrived. It makes sense."

She smiled. "Great detective work. Yeah, we had plans to have a photoshoot by a true professional. It would have been great memories."

"Is that what you did yesterday, besides getting a full body massage? You seemed... I don't know... evasive or something. You seemed super relaxed after we split up yesterday."

"I did see Mr. Woo yesterday morning," she confessed. "I signed up months ago, at a very expensive price. It's non-refundable and I wanted a chance to meet him and his team."

"That's cool. You should have told me. It would have been exciting to watch, since apparently this guy is a pro."

That was the moment Evelyn paused and gently bit her lower lip; a natural reflex whenever she blushes. Any decent mother would have stopped at this point, but being a woman with certain needs and desires, she pushed things a little further.

"Trust me," she said. "It's better that I went alone yesterday."

"Why?"

"Think about. We're on an exotic beach resort. Lots of married couples. World famous photographer and his team."

It only took a few seconds for the realization to sink in and Chris understood.

"Oh, so you were...." his voice trailed away.

She shrugged. "It was an adult shoot. Yes, I was hoping to do that with your father. It's something we'd have cherished."

"Oh..."

At any other time, Evelyn would have been mortified sharing this with her son. Instead, she found the whole thing to be amusing. She loved seeing Chris squirm at the very thought of her naked.

"What do you expect?" she giggled. "I love modeling. I used to model as a side job to pay for my college education."

"I know, but still."

"What's that supposed to mean? Am I too old now?"

She put her hands on her hips and gave a stern expression.

"No, no," he backtracked. "You look great."

"Then accompany me today," she smiled. "Mr. Woo thinks I'm fantastic and he wants to film me. He emailed me this morning saying he wants to do something special with me, but only as a couples thing. That means I'll need a male partner."

Chris tensed. "You want me to fill in?"

"Yep, that was the offer. That's why I was so upset. It's the chance of a lifetime. It's a model's dream."

"Will you be... you know..."

Evelyn laughed. "Naked? Not a chance. Bikini only."

"What's this for, anyway?"

"It's for couples to take amazing pictures and film. Mr. Woo basically makes a ton of money from this, but I think it's worth the price."

"Oh? How much are you paying?"

It was Evelyn's turn to become tense. "Put it this way, I nearly cried when your father couldn't come along."

"Sure, I'll do it. I mean, it'll be awkward for me. You know I get uncomfortable being on film. But why not?"

"My sweet prince, what will I ever do without you?"

Evelyn puckered her lips and made her way towards her blushing son, offering a tender kiss on the cheek.

***

She walked barefoot on the hot sand in her bikini. Chris wore his swimming trunks and nothing else. 

They walked for several minutes, past all the tourists, until they reached a secluded part of the island. That area was set up with all sorts of photography and filming equipment which was spread out. Mr. Woo was there, busy directing his team as he went around making sure that each shoot was up to his high standards of quality.

There were six other couples on the beach, mostly middle-aged people looking to live out their salacious erotic fantasies, and most were from western countries. They were scattered around the beach with different photographers. 

Most of the sessions were innocent enough; couples kissing, some were dancing, some played in the water. Most were in their small swimwear. 

What caught their attention was a couple who were getting dressed from having been naked. The woman's breasts were still exposed and she reached for her bikini top, meanwhile the man had just tucked his penis away inside of his swimming trunks. 

"Jeez," he gasped.

Evelyn shrugged. "Did I mention that Mr. Woo makes a wide variety of artwork?"

"Without any clothes?"

"A little further than that."

Chris almost seemed shocked. "You mean like pornogra..."

"Don't use that word," she said, turning to put her finger on his lips. "Mr. Woo is an internationally acclaimed artist, got that? He's not... whatever dirty thing you're suggesting."

"Sorry," he said, when the finger was moved away. "Did you know there was going to be naked people?"

Evelyn carefully chose her words before speaking. "The female body and human sexuality is a big part of this."

"Did you see anything like that yesterday? I want to know what we're getting into."

Her son was right and Evelyn realized that she should have been more forthcoming from the start. After all, this was something that had the power to enhance the love life of any married couple, or change the relationship between any mother/son.

"Okay, I got naked yesterday," she admitted. "I did a photoshoot, undressed, and I sent the pictures to your father last night."

"Wow. Is that why you were so relaxed after?"

"No, I was so relaxed because I had masturbated to completion during the photoshoot. Now you know. Grow up."

She did her best to act like this was such a normal thing between adults, but deep down, she felt a burning feeling inside for revealing such things to her son. If she was going to follow through with this shoot, then she needed to be honest about everything, even at the last minute.

"Is that Mr. Woo coming here?" Chris asked.

They watched the famed photographer smile and approach them. The man happily wore a tropical shirt with shorts, while he had a camera around his neck.

"My star!" Mr. Woo exclaimed. "So glad you decided to return."

She waved her hand emphatically. "Absolutely! It's the opportunity of a lifetime."

Evelyn greeted him with a hug and kiss. They made small talk and discussed the undeniable chemistry they had during yesterday's naked masturbation photoshoot. Things took a drastic turn when Mr. Woo turned to her son

"Who is he?" Mr. Woo asked. "That's a beautiful young man you've brought today."

Evelyn smiled with maternal pride. "Thank you. That's actually my..."

"Beautiful young man. Get him in the shot. You and him."

"Okay, but keep in mind that..."

"No time to talk," Mr. Woo said, hushing her. "I'm fully booked for the rest of this morning and I thought about you all night."

Evelyn's eyes lit up. "You have?"

"I need you in my private collection. You are an angel."

A comment like that nearly took her breath away. Mr. Woo's private collection? What an honor. Evelyn felt like she was floating in the sky.

"We'll do anything," she smiled to the photographer, leaving her son no choice.

Mr. Woo smiled back. "May we get started? We'll do a few things quickly and I'll see where my intuition takes me this morning."

"Sounds great!"

"Excellent. Take off your top, like yesterday. You and the beautiful young man should play in the water. Feel the ocean waves hitting your feet. Do a little dance for the camera while I prepare, okay?"

Evelyn turned to her shell-shocked son while Mr. Woo was preparing his camera. It appeared to be a final decision, one that was non-negotiable.

She recognized that this was a chance of a lifetime and she was hopeful that her son understood. Besides, what college guy doesn't enjoy a nice set of tits? Mom or not.

"Do you mind?" she blushingly asked her son.

Chris lifted an eyebrow. "Are you serious?"

"They're just boobs. You heard the man. He's busy and we have to be quick about this."

"Umm... if you're okay with it," he replied in the most dumbfounded manner.

"Remember, this is only because this vacation is so expensive, and because working with Mr. Woo is a once in a lifetime opportunity. Okay?"

Evelyn looked around the secluded beach. Two other women had also gone topless for their shoots, as various photographers were taking artsy pictures. This only gave her more confidence, the kind she needed at this moment.

She reached back and undid her bikini top. Then she tossed it and let it fall on the sand. It felt like the natural thing to do and her tan lined breasts were on full display for her son.

Being brave was the only way. She fought against her impulses and managed to keep her hands down. Her body had a nice, golden tan from the last few days. Her breasts looked like white triangles from the uneven tan. Her big brown nipples turned rock hard from the first hint of breeze.

Being topless on the beach was one thing -- she had done it plenty of times -- but doing it for her ogling son gave her a powerful rush. Chris was definitely enjoying the sight.

Mr. Woo called out, "I'm ready now. Go ahead, Evelyn. Do a little dance with your beautiful young man. Make it erotic."

If her husband had been here as originally planned, Evelyn would have been all over this. She would have used her best dance and modeling moves. She would have even played with her breasts for the camera, too.

Since this was her son, she had a more considerate and tactful approach. Using the palms of her hands, she covered her breasts. Then she made her moves, which were more conservative than what she'd normally do.

"Young man," Mr. Woo said. "Hold her. Squeeze her. Play with her. Fondle those perfect breasts. It's in your nature to do so."

Evelyn turned to see the horrified look on her son's face. It was both amusing and nerve-wracking at the same time. But to make fine art, sometimes it was necessary to break a few rules and push a few limits.

She dropped her hands and exposed her chest once again. Her nipples had turned even harder than before.

"You heard the man," she teased her son. "Hands on my boobies."

Chris pressed his lips tightly together before replying, "If you say so."

With her tits presented, she allowed her son to reach out and touch. Chris used one hand at first. It was a gentle touch, before turning into a firm squeeze. Maybe Chris was actually enjoying this, she wondered. When her breast was squeezed a bit harder, she wondered if Chris could be enjoying this a bit too much.

She focused on the task, spinning around with her feet in the water so that she was facing Mr. Woo again. The camera was snapping away as Chris put both hands around her breasts from behind, squeezing and caressing them. 

Her hips swayed and she knew how to flirt with the camera. The last time she did professional modeling was over 20 years ago, but she hadn't lost her touch. 

All the while, she felt Chris's hands taking full advantage of the opportunity, fondling her breasts while behind her. Every so often, her son's fingers would even rub and pinch her nipples. Under normal circumstances, she'd go ballistic. Any sane mother would. For now, while the camera was pointed at them, the rules would be different.

"These are excellent shots," Mr. Woo said, putting his camera down. "I will review these with members of my team. Will you wait here a few moments?"

Evelyn nodded emphatically. "Yes, absolutely I will."

"Wonderful. Keep your top off. I may want more shots of your breasts."

Mr. Woo stepped away, leaving Evelyn in the uncomfortable position of having to wait around with her breasts bare for her son's pleasure.

"You can let go now," she said to her son.

Chris released his hold. "Right. What now?"

They were face to face with their feet still in the water. They walked back towards the sandy beach where other couples were engaging in various photoshoots. More of the women had gone topless now.

Not wanting to be a prude, Evelyn kept her hands down. Through the corner of her eyes, she knew that her son was taking little peeks as they made their way to sand.

"We'll see what Mr. Woo thinks of these photos," she said. "This was the highlight of my week. Thanks for being a real trooper about this."

"You mean the modeling?" he smiled, playing coy.

Evelyn pinched her own nipples. "I meant these. You already knew that. I'm sure it must have been horrible for you to fondle me. But you did great."

"What can I say? Art was calling."

"Very funny. Pervert."

She playfully made a fist and punched her son in the chest, which Chris easily absorbed and laughed.

After a minute, Mr. Woo returned with members of his staff. One woman and one man. The woman appeared to be an assistant of sorts, having spent her time on the beach touching up makeup on different women and running small errands. The man was holding a small camera to record.

They all huddled around Evelyn, who became used to having her breasts exposed. 

"We like these shots," Mr. Woo said. "I like them a lot. I want to do more with you. Are you interested? You will get the main copy, and one copy will be for my private collection."

She smiled and nodded. "I'm interested in doing anything with your team. What do you want me to do next?"

"I want to film your face and body. Some close-ups. Some full body. I know your husband will enjoy seeing this."

It was the biggest adrenaline rush she had felt in years. To be immortalized by such a famed artist was a victory. But to have something like this to share with her husband? Surely their sex lives would skyrocket after this. This is exactly what she wanted. 

"I'd love to do it," she beamed. "I'll send my 'young man' away and we can take things further."

Mr. Woo laughed. "This young man is part of what I want. What's his name?"

"Chris. And he's my..."

"I can tell that Chris has natural desires for you," Mr. Woo said shamelessly. "I saw it in his eyes and the way his fingers tweaked your delicate nipples. That is true desire. I want that on film."

She ignored the comments about her son and her high came to a temporary halt, realizing that her son would have to be there. No longer could she let loose and express herself sexually anymore. Now, she'd have to keep her primal desires at bay. 

But it was better than nothing. She desperately wanted an insanely erotic video to bring home to her husband, so it was a fair decision to make. Besides, Chris had already seen and touched her breasts. What was the harm in going a little further?

"Sure, we can do that," Evelyn gulped, wondering if she had just made a huge mistake.

Mr. Woo thought for a moment and rubbed his chin. "You and Chris, hold hands and walk towards that building over there. Then lay down on the sand and have Chris on top of you. Face to face."

"Okay, we can do that."

"My team and I will follow behind. We want a long shot. Then we want a close-up of your face for an orgasm after we zoom in."

"Orgasm?" Evelyn asked.

"Just like yesterday," Mr. Woo reminded. "Only this time, we have more people. We can make true erotic art. Go on. Let's begin. I have other appointments this morning."

The all-business look on Mr. Woo's face was enough for Evelyn. She held her son's hands, and while the small crew watched, she guided her son towards the building. 

They had a clear view of the other couples that were spread across the beach. Most of the women were topless now, doing erotic poses with their husbands. It was exactly what they had all signed up for; erotic art to spice up a marriage.

"What are we going to do?" Chris asked, while the crew was far behind them, waiting for them to get in place.

Evelyn sighed, squeezing her son's hand. "I know how to fake orgasms. Can you just play along, please?"

"Jeez, that's going to be weird."

"Is it? Was Mr. Woo right about your desires?"

"Are you turning this around on me?" Chris asked. "Because the last time I checked, I'm the one doing you a favor."

She smiled, "And I'll always appreciate that."

This time, they were closer to the other couples as they approached the small building. Picking a spot, Evelyn laid on the sand, with her son getting on top of her.

After all the loving hugs they've shaved over Chris's lifetime, this was far more intimate because Evelyn's breasts were exposed and were pressing against her son's skin. With her nipples hard, she was certain Chris was getting a thrill out of it.

Mr. Woo and his team slowly approached them while filming.

"They're coming," Chris whispered.

Evelyn rubbed her son's neck and shoulders. "I guess we're supposed to pretend like we're lovers. After all, this is what this experience is all about."

"I'm sure you're wishing dad could be here right now."

"Yes, but..." she said, with her voice trailing away. "It seems like I have another hard cock to take your father's place."
