 Saturday had started out so... innocently! My girlfriend was away for the weekend and I had a list of three things to do - drop off housewarming present, write email, watch footie on the television. Please note: "fuck cute young work colleague" does not appear anywhere on that list.

I'd worked with Alice for a couple of years and there had been nothing between us. We were both in relationships and there was a professionalism that came with the job - we taught in the same year group at a Primary School in the city. I won't say that I'd never looked admiringly at her. She was a very good-looking young woman - tall, shoulder length brown hair, long slender legs and the hint of large firm breasts beneath her tops. 

In the last few weeks that had changed: Alice had been dumped by her jerk of a boyfriend and I'd kindly been there to offer support through the weeks they continued to share a flat. Last week she had eventually moved into a new flat close to where I lived, so I had just thought a bottle of wine might cheer her up a bit. That was supposed to be it - knock on door, hand wine over, say lovely flat, bugger off.

So, knock on door...

"Neil! Hi... what do you know about cameras... come in...fuck!"

I was dragged by the hand into the ground floor flat and shown into a living room that can only be described as absolute chaos. There were boxes everywhere, half unpacked with stuff scattered around like confetti. Alice, apparently, had been bought a video camera by her mother so that she could show granny, who was house bound somewhere near Verona, what her new place was like. Alice had the camera in her hand, but the instructions were lost in the madness she had unleashed on her belongings.

I barely registered what she was wearing. I must admit, I often glanced at her as she walked by in the office in her short skirts and tights; she was a good-looking woman with great legs - what more can I say! But today was a Saturday and she was not dressed in in her work clothes, but a strappy little black flowery number and not a lot else. I fumbled through the cameras menus while Alice fruitlessly rummaged through boxes for half an hour until two things happened simultaneously. Firstly, I made the damn thing work. Secondly, Alice had enough.

"Fuck this" she grunted, throwing a tea-towel with kittens on it onto the floor and putting her hands on her hips. "There's a pub 'around the corner. Let's go have a drink and some lunch." She looked me straight in the eye and I knew there was no getting out of it, whatever my plans had been. She slipped on a pair of red sandals, grabbed a handbag and headed for the door with me trailing behind her.

The pub was a bit grotty, and virtually empty for a Saturday lunch - an alcoholic skinhead propping up the bar and an old bloke in a flat cap sitting in the corner nursing half a bitter. The only food they did were sandwiches ("Cheese or 'am mate") which turned out to be as sad as the old man, so we grabbed a couple of drinks and headed out into the "beer garden" - a grotty paved courtyard still littered with last night's cigarette butts. We sat down opposite each other on one of those pub benches and began to chat. Innocently. About work and stuff. And, unsurprisingly, her recent break-up. 

"...besides, he had a small cock and never made me cum." was the sentence that finished the politeness.

I stared open mouthed at her.

"It's true!" she grinned sheepishly. "I had to have a wank twice a week to stop myself getting frustrated!"

I asked the next question without even thinking. "Dildo or fingers?"

Alice nearly choked on her wine as she snorted a laugh. "Fingers," she giggled, wiping the tears from her eyes. "Never liked the look of dildo's... scary bloody things! Anyway, you can't tell me you don't toss one off every now and then! Hold on..." She grabbed her handbag and rummaged through it before emerging with a die. I never did find out why she was carrying it around with her. "Truth or dare!" she grinned. "Odds, you have to answer a question, evens you have to do something the other one says!" She rolled the dice - 5. "So how often do you wank?"

"Oh, every couple of days..." I mumbled.

"Really?" she asked with a raised eyebrow.

"Ok... most mornings... in the shower..." I could feel myself beginning to blush.

"Your go!" she said with a smile, picking up the die and placing it firmly in front of me.

I rolled a four and gallantly asked her to go to the bar for another round. When she had returned with two more drinks (pint of beer for me, glass of white wine for the lady, of course) she picked the dice up and rolled again. Another odd number and another question. 

"So what do you think about in the shower?"

I could have just said "You" and been done with it, but I hadn't had enough to drink and was still sober enough to be unsure where all this was heading. So instead I said Laura the NQT who taught in Year 3, a tall leggy redhead who most of the men had a crush on but who no-one ever made a pass because she was a gobby cow and there was always the possibility that she would cut you down with some scathing comment.

My turn to roll. This time, a three and I got to ask anything I wanted. But, of course, I couldn't think of anything so asked exactly the same question she had a few minutes earlier. 

"I don't really think of anything," she began slowly. "I sort of just, lay back and begin to touch myself down there." Bless her, she looked embarrassed for the first time.

"Where?" I asked.

"Well... I start with... by rubbing my clit and then sort of put a finger in myself and just sort of carry on like that until..."

She paused for a sip of wine.

"Do you ever use a dildo?" I blurted out without thinking.

"God no!" she laughed. "Bloody scary things! Can't think of anything worse! And that was two questions, but I'll let you off!"

And so the afternoon flowed. The questions becoming more obscene with every drink and the drink being increased with every dare. Some of the things I told Alice that afternoon I'd never told anybody before - the pornographic website I used most often, the fact I thought tights were very sexy ("Really? I had you down as a breast man!") and a fetish about facials ("Is that what you'd like to do to Laura?"), how nobody had ever swallowed my cum after a blow job (more laughter), the most daring place I had had sex (at a fun fair in Newport, although the same girl had wanked me off a in the middle of a gig until I came all over her hand and skirt). 

In return Alice offered answers to questions I never thought I'd ask, never mind get a reply to. My cock hardened in my trousers as she told me how she loved stockings, wore them most days to work; how she had always wanted to try anal but never asked any of the men she'd been with because they might think she was dirty (in a bad way); how she liked to be dominated by her lovers; how the idea of posing for photo's turned her on.

It was nearly three when I bought the last round out and watched as Alice rolled a two. Dare. All the dares had been drink related, but I'd had to buy double whiskeys as my last one and didn't want to waste it by necking it in one.

"C'mon" she said "what you going to make me do?!"

"Take your pants off." I said. I don't know where that came from, honestly, but all the dirty talk had got my mind racing and Alice looked like she was up for anything.

After glancing around to make sure no-one had come into the garden, Alice lifted her bottom a couple of centimetres off the seat and hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her pants before pulling them down to her knees in one swift movement, all without revealing anything to me. Another few wriggles and she bent down, hooked them off her ankle and placed a crumpled pair of lacy black panties on the table between us. I picked them up and pulled the elastic tight, stretching them in front of me and making her laugh... they were small and ever so slightly damp.

"I have no pants on!" she giggled. "And a very short dress..." She sipped her drink and leaned forward towards me conspiratorially. "I like the feeling of my pussy being so exposed." and laughed out loud. "Would you like to see it?" I nodded and grinned like an idiot. "Well, new rules then. Role an odd number and you can see my pussy, an even and I get to put my knickers back on... but if you roll a six, I have to do what ever you say for the next hour. Deal?"

I thought for a second and sipped my whiskey. "If I roll a six, two hours from when we step into your front door."

"Deal!" she purred, But your not allowed to see anything before then... or touch anything either... Roll!"

I picked up the dice and held it in my hand before gently tumbling it onto the table. It bounced a couple of times and hit the side of her glass and finally coming to a halt.

Three.

There was a pause and I think I sighed in disappointment. At least I would get to see her fanny I thought, as she stood up and grasped the hem of her dress. Just as I thought she was going to flash me, she paused. She reached slowly down to the dice, picked it up and turned it in her fingers before putting it back down on the table with the six facing up and downing the remainder of her drink, slamming the glass back down on the table.

"Get yourself back to mine quickly..."

I picked up her knickers and shoved them in my pocket and necked my own drink, the whiskey burning the back of my throat. We virtually ran back to her flat, Alice leading the way while searching through her handbag for her keys. My cock was bursting out of my trousers, straining at the zip; every now and then I saw he dress flap up and reveal a glimpse of well toned pale backside. There was a brief moment of panic when we got back to the flat when Alice could not work out which was the right one to open the front door and which one opened her flat door, but as soon as we were in and the door shut behind us, we grabbed each other in the hall way.

The next few minutes were pure, animal passion. I grabbed her head and pulled her face towards me, kissing her frantically hard on the lips, forcing my tongue into her open mouth. Her hands were all over me, on my back and chest and ass, pulling my cock into her body. I ran my hands down her back and lifted the hem of her dress so that I could knead her naked arse cheeks hard, making her groan with pleasure. 

Suddenly, she pushed me away and moved backwards. "Two hours, remember, to do ANYTHING with me..." she gasped.

"Anything?" I asked breathlessly. The last couple of hours had been a whirlwind, and I wanted to make sure this gorgeous young woman was serious. 

Slowly, Alice reached down to grasp the hem of her dress and lifted it to reveal her neatly trimmed pubic hair. "Anything..." she repeated. I grabbed her again and pulled her towards me for another hard, passionate kiss, holding her head and pulling it towards me. I broke off and began to kiss her face and neck. I could hear her breathing deepen as she became more and more turned on; I could have taken her into the bedroom and fucked her there and then, but from the pub I knew that we both wanted more than a straightforward shag.

"Go and get changed," I whispered. "Get dressed into you dirtiest, sluttiest underwear and come through to the living room. You've got 5 minutes." I kissed her again and pushed her towards her bedroom; she smiled wickedly and closed the door.

I walked into her living room again and quickly piled some of the boxes and mess up in one corner away from the sofa, then found the video camera where I'd left it on the floor. I turned it on and with shaking hands stood with my finger on the record button and the doorway to the living room framed in the view finder.

I made it just in time.

Alice appeared from her bedroom a few seconds later, and my cock got even harder if that is possible! She was dressed in a pale blue bra and pants combo, not slutty but very tasteful, white lace edging and a darker blue embroidery as well. The pants weren't skimpy but a classy sort of French knicker effect. She was, however, wearing a pair of fine black hold up stockings, lace topped and very sexy.

I pressed record.

Alice instantly realised what was happening as soon as she walked in and stopped in the doorway, one elbow resting on the door frame and her forearm raised so that her hand was playing with her hair. One leg crossed across the other.

"Is this... good enough?" she asked. I looked at her hard, young body and knew that I was about to have the best sex of my life.

Slowly, Alice unfolded herself and walked towards me, looking straight at the camera all the time, biting her lip suggestively. She stopped a foot away and reached out towards my fly, unbuttoning it slowly and taking my hard cock out of my trousers.

At first, she bent over from the waist, taking my cock in her mouth while keeping her stockinged legs straight. She gave it a few tentative little sucks first, only taking the head in for a short amount of time and swirling her tongue around it, holding the base with one had while pushing her hair away from her face with the other. In between sucks, she stroked my shaft and gave it long luxurious licks, twirling the tip of her tongue at the base of the head. Without warning, she took more of my cock into her mouth, nearly swallowing the whole thing so that it touched the back of her mouth. I gathered her hair into a pony tail with my free hand so that I could stop her head moving and began to move my hips back and forward, fucking her face and making her take more and more of my hard cock into her mouth until eventually she gagged and I let go.

Wiping her mouth with the back of her hand, Alice straightened up again and pulled her hair back behind her head in an action that raised her breasts beautifully.

" Go and sit down" I ordered her, the camera still running Alice turned and stalked over to the sofa before sitting down demurely in the middle of the seat, stockinged legs together and hands flat beside her. "Spread you legs wide... wider..." I instructed until they were as far apart as they could possibly go. So far, I had kept all of Alice in the video and she had kept on looking straight at the lens. "Now put your hand inside your pants and play with your clit." I told her. Obediently, she licked the tip of her middle finger and slowly slid it over her stomach and beneath the waistband of her panties. After a few seconds I zoomed in on her crotch, on the fabric moving as Alice began to frig her pussy. 

After a few seconds I panned up her body until I had her face filling the view finder, breathing heavily but still looking straight at me, before I zoomed out again to watch her whole body writhing slightly under her touch.

"Now take tour pants off, slowly." I breathed. Alice leaned back, bought her legs together and raised them up in the air so her feet were above her head, then pulled her knickers out from underneath her to expose that gorgeous hairy pussy between her closed thighs. They slowly went up her legs until they reached her ankles and were kicked off. Then agonizingly slowly, Alice bent her legs at the knees and sat back up again before resting her hands on her knees and forcing them apart again.

"I want you to spread it, spread your pussy wide so that I can see it, fuck it with your fingers..." 

I slowly zoomed in for 2 or 3 minutes of close up masturbation; of Alice using both hands to spread herself wide open for me to see how wet she was; of seeing her clit rubbed and exposed, a tiny bud between two fingers. of seeing first one then two then three fingers be worked into her soaking, tight twat and come out again glistening with pussy juice. Her moaning grew louder as her orgasm approached, and as she lay back on the sofa so that I could see her face just above her pussy she continued to look straight at the camera.

Eventually, I couldn't take it anymore. Putting the camera on a tabletop where I was sure that it could still capture all of the action, I stripped and went back over to Alice. Kneeling in front of her, I told her to hold her legs open and buried my face into her pussy. I slid two, then three fingers inside her sopping wet cunt and frantically began to lick suck and nibble at her engorged clitoris.

Almost immediately, she began to buck her hips and grind herself onto my face, panting heavily and repeatedly muttering "Yes, yes, yes" under her breath. It didn't take long before her body tensed, her thighs clamped around my face, and Alice's first orgasm of the day shook her body.

As her moans of pleasure began to subside, I slowly stood up and took my cock in my hand, wanking it gently. Alice let go of her thighs and sat stroking her pussy gently while she recovered, then sat up and began to lick my cock again. Good at sucking cock as she was, I wanted something else. I wanted to fuck her tight little pussy...

"Turn around and kneel on the sofa, I told her, "And spread your legs for me..." She did a she was told placed her hands on the back of the furniture, bracing herself for the pounding she knew she was going to get.

I opened her pussy with my fingers before holding my cock and rubbing it up and down her vagina, going underneath to make sure that it touched her sensitive clit. I pulled it up again and nudged it between her lips before pulling out again and smearing her juices over her backside. After teasing her a few more times I let go of my cock, grabbed hold of her hips and slipped my entire length inside her. 

"Oooh yeah..." she moaned as I plunged deep into her and ground against her before pulling out so that only the head was resting inside her. "Fuck me... fuck my pussy... fuck it hard..."

I began to build up a rhythm, quickening my pace and slamming into her so hard that her entire body moved forward. After a few minutes holding onto her hips I grabbed onto the strap of her bra which still held her large firm tits in place and pulled her back up towards me, then grabbed her hair in one hand and pulled on that too, making her arch her back and take my cock deeper. I knew Alice was dirty and liked to be dominated, so I decided to see how far I could push her before she had had enough. Still holding onto her hair in one my left hand, I raised my right and bought it down on her ass cheek with a loud slap. The next time I slapped her harder, then harder gain until the fourth one left a faint red handprint on her backside. I continued to fuck her hard, and she continued to moan and groan and demand for me to fuck her harder.

Her body began to tense again, and I realised that she was building up to another orgasm. I held onto her hips and splayed her ass cheeks with my thumb and pulled her into my thrusts until she arched her back, gasped and came.

I pulled my cock out, glistening with her juices, and let her collapse on the sofa. My cock felt massive, harder than I could ever remember, and I stoked it a couple of times before reaching down and unfastening her bra. Alice slowly sat up and turned to face me, shrugging her bra off and tossing it to one side. Her breasts were magnificent, large and firm and perfect; with one hand I reached down to squeeze them and pull her nipples while the other guided my cock back into her waiting mouth.

"Can you taste your pussy on my cock?" I asked, knowing full well that she was cleaning it of her own sweet tasting wetness.

I pulled out of her mouth and pushed her onto her back. Grabbing her ankles, I pulled her backside up so that her pussy was raised to the level of my groin and her legs were almost vertical and resting on my shoulders. Leaning forward, one hand was supporting my weight on the back of the sofa while the other once again guided my cock to her slit and I swiftly and deeply penetrated her. We fucked hard and fast, Alice pinned beneath my cock, her pussy drilled deep, her tits bouncing, each stroke forcing a gasp from her. I moved again, holding her ankles so that she was virtually on her back with her feet by my head, before she put her hand behind her knees and held herself open for my cock while I pounded into her.
