 Janet came through the kitchen door and her brother Max groaned softly. He was sitting in the corner of the breakfast nook, eating a toaster waffle. He had on his normal baggy shorts and t-shirt. She on the other hand was nowhere near dressed as normal. In cold weather, she wore baggy sweaters or sweatshirts and sloppy sweat pants. In warm weather, she wore big oversized t-shirts and jeans.

This morning the weather was already warm and headed toward hot before noon. "Are you dressing for the heat?" He asked with a bite of the waffle hovering close to his mouth. Her appearance had stopped the bite in mid flight.

Janet grinned and replied as she crossed the kitchen to the refrigerator, "Something like that."

The white short sleeveless t-shirt she had on had narrow straps on the shoulders, a deep scooped neckline, and was open on the sides halfway to her waist. Her small cone shaped breasts were clearly outlined by the soft material. Her hard nipples adding height to the dark shape of her puffy aureoles.

When she bent at the waist to get the milk from the bottom shelf of the fridge, Max groaned again. Her ass was pointed in his direction. The soft light gray short shorts hugged her ass and were pulled up tightly into the crack. Her sex was cupped by the soft fabric and more outlined than anything.

"Dressed to kill, is more like it," he whispered to himself before he finally got the waffle in his mouth.

Janet gave him a questioning look as she straightened up. "Did you say something?"

Max shook his head as he chewed the bite. She had a smile on her face as she carried the milk over to the counter and sat it down. She opened the overhead cabinet and came up on her toes to reach for a glass on a high shelf. Max groaned softly as her arm rose to expose her right breast to his viewing pleasure.

Her breasts were different from any he had ever seen. Not that he had seen all that many in person. Her long red hair and freckles added to her difference and beauty. He sighed as she came down off her toes and placed the glass on the counter.

She glanced his way as she poured milk into the glass. "You sure are making a lot of noise over that waffle this morning."

"What can I say, it's a good waffle," he replied with a grin.

Janet smiled at him before she returned the milk to the fridge. He was treated to the same view as before. The view without the shorts would have given him more of a hard attack than he had now. Briefly, he wondered if she was doing all this on purpose. That wasn't her style but then again, dressing like she was, wasn't either.

As she returned to where her milk was, he asked, "So, what have you got planned for the weekend?"

She picked up the glass of milk and walked over to the end of the breakfast bar closest to the nook. She pulled out the end stool and turned it in his direction. She sat down on it and took a sip of the milk. "Nothing really. It's weird with mom and dad both gone."

"Nothing? I figured you'd call a bunch of your wild friends up and have a party or something."

Janet chuckled. "What wild friends? What friends, period, for that matter?"

"Uh... well.... Jenny is the only name that comes to mind," Max said with a grin. Tall, long legged Jenny starred in his fantasies much of the time.

"She's at college, as you well know."

"Ain't it a shame," he whispered with a sigh at the end.

Janet chuckled. "You always did have a thing for her."

Max nodded as he grinned at his sister. "Several things as a matter of fact."

"Kinky," Janet whispered as she picked up her feet and hooked her heels on the lower rung of the stool. Her knees were open a little more than shoulder width as she wiggled forward on the stool.

Max did a double take at his sister as she moved. A few seconds later, he groaned softly. Her sex was being presented as a beautiful camel toe. He licked his lips as his eyes moved to his sister's face. "Speaking of kinky, what's with you today?"

Janet looked down. Slowly she opened her legs even wider, slowly closed then, and opened them back up several times. The cloth between her thighs stretched and relaxed. Now the camel toe was even more pronounced. Looking at her brother, she grinned and said, "I love this outfit. How about you?"

"It definitely gets a guys attention," Max said quickly. "Uh, why haven't I ever seen you wear it before?"

"Mom or dad was always home for one thing."

"Uh, what's the other thing?" Max asked. "I'm assuming there is an other thing from the way you said that."

Janet chuckled. "Jenny's gone and I'm feeling horny and raunchy."

"What has Jenny got to do with you...." Max stalled out, as his eyes grew wide. "You and Jenny?" came out of his mouth before he could stop it.

Janet giggled. "Since the sixth grade."

"You're a lesbian?" Max asked as he tried to remember if and when Janet had gone out with a guy.

"I'm not really sure," Janet replied and took the last sip of her milk. As she sat the glass aside, she added, "Jenny and I have been so much fun and so convenient that boys have never come up."

"Uh, is Jenny a lesbian?"

Janet laughed. "Not according to her boyfriend."

"I, uh, didn't know she had a boyfriend."

"She met him last summer. Just before, she left for college. He's going to the same school."

"Does he know about you two?" was Max's next question.

"Not yet but he might find out next semester, since Jenny and I will be roommates," she replied with a grin.

Max leaned back in the corner of the seat and groaned softly. "The woman I've always fantasies about is making it with my sister. There is no justice in this world."

"Hey, you're the one who never made the move. Jenny wondered there for a while if you were gay."

"Uh, shy, not gay," Max replied quickly.

"Too slow, is another way of putting it," Janet said with a laugh.

Max sighed deeply and sat up. He pushed his plate away. He was no longer hungry. "Yeah, too slow is always a bad thing."

Janet giggled. "Not in lovemaking."

Max's mouth dropped open as he looked at his sister. "That's uh, experience talking, I take it?"

"Damned straight," Janet said with a big grin.

Max groaned and leaned back in the seat. "My sister has gotten more than I have."

"Damned straight," Janet said with a laugh.

"So why are you teasing me so much?"

"More like teasing myself. Jenny loves this outfit, I got to wondering how much a guy would like it, and you were handy."

"Lucky me," Max whispered as his eyes roamed over her body.

Janet shivered lightly and rocked her knees open wide and then back to where they were. "Between your eyes and the way these shorts are cupping my sex, there will be a wet spot in the shorts very soon."

Max grinned and said, "Then take them off. I'd hate for you to make such a mess."

With a giggle, Janet replied, "But this is much more fun."

Max reached under the table and rearranged his hard dick where it was more comfortable. "Yeah, fun is one word for it."

Janet laughed. "Got a problem, brother of mine?"

"Nope, just getting things more comfortable, shall we say."

Janet shivered hard and asked, "Do you have any tight shorts or better yet, some tight underwear?"

"Uh, yeah, I do, but...." He left the sentence hanging.

Janet shivered hard at the word butt. "I have three shear thongs. I love to wear one under my dress when I go to work at the bank. Sitting on the edge of the stool at the tellers cage with my feet like they are now keeps me excited for most of the day."

"Do those get wet spots?"

Janet giggled and nodded. "The first couple of times they were sopping wet by the time I got home. I had on a short, tight skirt and I could feel the cool air someplace hot."

Max groaned. "My kinky sister. Who would believe it?"

"Jenny for one," she replied with a laugh. "I think she still has one of the early pair in her toy box."

"Uh, what's in your toy box?"

"I'll never tell," Janet said and then looked thoughtful for a moment. "I might if you go put on a pair of your tight underwear."

"Will you put on one of your thongs?"

With a big shiver, Janet groaned softly. "Jenny is the only one who has ever seen those, much less me in one."

Max grinned. "You were looking for fun and excitement."

"The way you would look at me would problem make that too much fun for me to handle," she replied in a whisper.

"So what's the worse that could happen? You could have an orgasm. That's about it," Max said softly.

Janet closed her knees suddenly and clenched her thighs together tightly. "One just makes me want to have more," she whispered softly.

"And that's a problem how?" Max asked quickly.

Janet groaned softly and whispered, "We could get into a whole lot of trouble."

"Uh," Max said quickly and paused as he thought over what she had said. A moment later, he added, "Yeah, I kind of see what you're getting at."

She made a whimpering giggling sound. "You don't know the half of it. My toy box is full of fantasies and questions. Questions I've tried to find answers to on my own and a few Jenny helped with but...."

"But?" Max asked.

Janet did giggle this time. "Exactly. One of my biggest fantasies."

Max did a double take at his sister and then whispered, "Now I've got to see what's in that toy box."

"I call it Pandora's box for a reason," she said with a grin. "Opening it isn't a problem. Closing it on the other hand...." She left the sentence hanging as she shivered hard.

Max shook his head slowly, his eyes never leaving his sister's face. "I've dated several different girls but my shyness has kept me from getting very far, shall we say."

Janet's mouth dropped open. He older brother was a virgin? Somehow, that didn't fit her view of the world. "Uh, what?" She said a few moments later.

Max took a deep breath and said straight out, "I'm still a virgin like you."

Janet groaned softly. "Technically, I'm not a virgin. Between fingers and a few toys, mine and Jenny's, something got busted."

"Uh, I meant, like having sex with a guy."

"You want sex with a guy?" Janet said and then laughed at the look on her brother's face.

"No! I was talking about you."

"I know what you meant but I had to tease you. It's my sisterly duty."

"Where does getting your brother horny as hell fit under those sisterly duties?"

"Right between torturing you and getting myself just as horny," Janet replied as she closed her knees, moved her feet to the floor, and stood up. She came up on her toes, raised her arms high over her head, and twisted her upper back from side to side.

Max groaned as one of her breasts came into view as she turned one direct and the other showed as she turned the other. As she lowered her arms and came down off her toes, she asked, "How often do you masturbate?"

With a double take, Max said, "What?"

Janet laughed. "Everyone does it, you know. I average about three times a day most of the time."

"Three times a day," Max parroted.

"On average," his sister replied. "I think the record is somewhere around a dozen times."

Max groaned softly. "Why a dozen times beside the obvious?"

"It was shortly after Jenny left and I stayed horny all day and all night."

"Uh, how often did you and Jenny like, get it on?"

Janet giggled. "Pretty much every day, most of the time and a lot more than that whenever possible. She stays as turned on as I do."

Max groaned and shook his head. "I think I totally screwed up."

Janet laughed as she picked up her glass and headed for the sink to rinse it out. "What was your first clue?"

"Why didn't we have this conversation years ago?" He asked quickly.

"Mom and or dad were always around."

"So how did you and Jenny find so much time to get it on then?"

"Two girls who like to study together in the bedroom with the door closed and locked," Janet replied as she headed across the kitchen toward the stairs.

"Uh, where are you going?" Max asked as she reached the bottom step.

"Up to my room," she replied.

"To, uh, masturbate or to change into a thong?"

"It's all according to what you're going to do. Are you staying there or are you going to change?"

"I... uh... I," Max stammered for a second and then groaned softly. "Uh, I'm going to change."

"Good choice," his sister said as she headed up the stairs.

*****

Max stripped off and dug in his top dresser drawer trying to find his cleanest pair of tidy whities. He slipped them on and groaned as the head of his dick stuck up three inches above the waistband. With a little work, he got the shaft angled to the left and the head under the cloth. It was a tight fit and he wondered how long it would take for his dick to break out of the cocoon.

With another groan, he slipped his baggy t-shirt back on and then took it off again. He dug in a drawer looking for a shirt similar to the one his sister had on. He knew he had one but he hadn't worn it in years.

He found it at the bottom of the third drawer he looked in. It fit tightly across his chest even with the open sides. It seemed shorter than he remembered. It barely came to the top of his underwear. His dick had softened just a little so he didn't have that feeling of popping out as he walked toward his bedroom door.

He stopped just outside the door and looked down the hall toward his sister's bedroom. The door was shut but that was normal. He looked down at the way he was dressed and groaned softly. His sister was right, this was dangerous. A hard dick had no conscience. He hadn't had sex but he still knew this for a fact.

About then, his sister's door opened and she stuck her head out. She saw him and grinned. "Holy shit! Why haven't you worn that outfit before? Jenny would have jumped your bone right here in the hallway."

A vision of Jenny bouncing up and down on his dick made it twitch under the thin cloth. "I... uh... I... uh... we," Max stammered and then backed up inside his room.

"Hey, where are you going," Janet said sharply.

"This ain't a good idea," Max said as he started to shut his door.

Janet appeared in the doorway with a black lacquered box under one arm. Max was frozen in his tracks. She still had on the same t-shirt but now all that covered her sex was a little triangle of sheer white cloth. A tuft of red hair, a few shades light than the hair on her head, poked out of the top center of the narrow waistband.

With a big grin, his sister whispered, "It probably isn't but it's too late now. Neither of us can un-see what we've already seen or unsay what has already been said."

Max gave a shivery shake and sighed deeply. "True, very true," he whispered as his eyes wander over his sister's body. Her sheer panties held his eyes but they also kept jumping to the front of the t-shirt. Something was different.

It took a moment and then he snapped to what was different. Where there was one tent for the right nipple, there were three bumps for the left.

Janet saw where he was looking and raised her hand to cover her left breast. "I, uh, put on my jewelry," she whispered softly. "If mom ever sees it, I'm probably dead."

"You, you got your nipples pierced? Where, when?" Max asked in disbelief. He had been at the mall when his sister had had her ears pierced. She had passed out cold afterwards.

"Jenny and I both had it done the day we turned eighteen. She had her right one done and I had the left done. We were a set that way."

"Where?" Max asked again.

Janet giggled. "A tattoo shop on the far side of town. It was the only place that had a woman doing the piercing."

"Uh... is anything else pierced?"

Janet shook her head and then rocked her hips from side to side. "Not yet," she whispered.

"Uh, what does that mean?"

"It means I've thought about getting something else pierced but I don't have the nerve."

"Uh, where, uh, what are you thinking about having done? I mean, where are you thinking about getting another piercing?" He asked, fumbling around in his mind as he tried to get the question right. He had seen woman's sexes on the Internet that were pierced. His mind was trying to transfer that to his sister's sex, only he didn't have enough visual data, so to speak.

Janet giggled as her hips shifted from side to side again. "It isn't my navel or my other nipple," she whispered.

Max groaned softly. His eyes were on the sheer cloth covering her sex. He really couldn't see much, shadows and hints more than anything. The gray shorts with the camel toe actually showed more. His dick twitched of its own accord again and he groaned softly.

Janet groaned as his dick moved. He looked down quickly but everything was covered. He looked at his sister's face questioningly. Her eyes were on the front of his underwear. "What?" He asked.

She shifted her hips and shivered. "Those show a whole lot more than I've ever seen in person," she whispered.

"Uh, nothing is showing," Max said as he looked down again.

Janet giggled. "Yeah, but the outline is clearly there."

"Just like the camel toe in those shorts earlier," he shot back.

Janet nodded and shivered again. "Showing you that made me so hot and bothered."

"Uh, about the same affect it had on me," her brother replied. "It actually shows more than those panties."

"Oh, but you haven't seen the back yet," she whispered as she turned around slowly.

When her rear end came into view, Max groaned. It was totally bare except for a thin string at the top and a very small V shaped piece of cloth right below her tailbone. Another string disappeared between her ass cheeks. "Holy shit!" He whispered am moment later.

Janet giggled softly as she looked at him over her shoulder. "Let me give you the full affect," she said as she slowly bent at the waist until she could place the box on the floor. Her feet were together and so were her knees.

He groaned again as he took in the way her ass was pushed out and the fact that he could see where the string between her rear cheeks connected to the cloth panel in front. Her lower lips looked fuller and pressed against the sheer cloth more.

She straightened up slowly but Max's eyes remained on her butt. His eyes suddenly jumped to her bare back and the fact that the t-shirt was gone registered. He groaned deeply as his eyes travel up and down her naked body from her shoulders to her heels and back again.

Janet shivered as she took a half step to the side with one foot. Looking at her brother over her shoulder, she took a deep breath and whispered, "I need to pick the box back up and also to show you my last piece of jewelry."

"Uh?" Max said as she started to bend over.

Before her hands even reached the box, he gasped loudly and said, "What the fuck?" There was a sparkling white faceted stone the size of a quarter between her lower ass cheeks.

Janet grinned at him around her thigh and asked, "Do you like it? Jenny couldn't believe that I would actually wear something like that in my asshole."

"Asshole," Max parroted and then gave a jerk. "Asshole? What the..." he started to ask and then groaned deeply again as he whispered, "Butt plug."

Janet wiggled her ass from side to side and giggled. A few seconds later, she straightened up quickly. "One of my deepest secrets and biggest fantasies," she whispered as she turned to face her brother.

His eyes jumped to her breasts, up to her face, and back to her breasts. He licked his lips and they both groaned softly. Max groaned again and turned around quickly. He shook his head trying to clear away the movie of him fucking his sister in the ass. "No! No! No!" He said quickly.

"Is... is there a problem?" Janet asked quickly.

"Oh yeah, several problems," he said and then groaned as he stepped forward enough to shut his bedroom door.

"Hey!" Janet said and opened the door. "What about my toy box?"

"Pandora's box as you said before. I've seen about as much as I can handle, if you know what I mean."
