 Katie inhaled the calming aroma of her tea as she looked out into the familiar back yard. Steph puttered around in the kitchen as she made them a snack, the sound of the lawn mower droning on the other side of the house on the sunny spring afternoon.

It had been almost a year since Katie's parents had moved across the harbour to be closer to work. They had lived here on the other side of the street for as long as she could remember. But first her dad's office moved a few years ago, then mom's a couple years later, and with Kate planning to begin college out of town last fall they figured it was time. So during the summer, right after high school finished, they packed up and relocated, shortening both of their commutes by almost an hour each day.

When she arrived she had seen the new family with their two adorable little kids in the front yard of her old house, they seemed nice. She missed her room. Steph had made Katie promise to visit when she came back to town for spring break, which was great because she missed her best friend most of all. School work and making new friends had left them both so busy they had not been keeping in touch like they used to.

The buzz of the lawn mower got louder as Curt finished the front and methodically mowed his way around back. In his mid-forties, he invested a lot of effort into keep his abs flat and his athletic build chiseled. He enjoyed his exercise and setting goals for himself, as well as all of the positive attention that being in great physical condition afforded him.

Katie stared at his firm ass through his sport shorts, watching his thighs flex as he pushed the mower passed in the yard.

"Mmmm. Your dad is so hot." she purred, almost to herself.

"I know you have been saying that for years, still weird." Stephanie sighed as she came to the table with eats for the two of them, "Besides, don't you have a boyfriend?"

"Not as of two weeks ago it seems..." Kate sighed.

"Spill it." Steph demanded, feeling out of touch ever since they had both gotten so busy with school.

Kate shook her head as she described the two month relationship: Everything had seemed great, he was cute and nerdy and smart... And when they had finally slept together it was as awkward as she figured two virgins would be, and that things would improve. She guessed he had other opinions. He had gotten really self conscious and distant, then he ghosted her. 

"Sounds like you dodged a bullet there." Steph said, repeating the age-old break-up response. 

Kate smiled and nodded, thankful that her friend was there to cheer her up, but still feeling wounded by the whole ordeal.

Steph turned on some tunes in the background as she cleaned up in the kitchen, "And? How was the sex?" she asked, curious as she was still a virgin herself.

Katie rolled her eyes and looked down into her tea, "About as bad as I could have expected," she sighed. "I was so nervous I was sweating and so was he. He was having trouble, uh, performing and I wasn't sure about the best way to help. I offered to, uh, suck him hard... I think I scraped him with my teeth..." 

"Aw, girl." Steph murmured in support.

"Well we got his 'Ahem' working," she continued, blushing, "but we we're both pretty clutzy with the condom and I think he was having trouble keeping it up at first. He kept asking if he was big enough, if I could feel it. He felt fine to me, not a porn star maybe. I don't think I was very warmed up, so I was pretty tight. He didn't last very long... I didn't even orgasm."

Katie noted how quiet the pause was as the last word passed her lips. She looked up to Steph grimacing, swiping her finger across her throat to silently tell her to cut her words short. It was then she realized she couldn't hear the lawn mower under the music anymore. 

"It gets better with practice," Curt chimed in from the doorway behind her with a wink and a grin having walked in from the garage to get a drink, only hearing the last bit as he approached. 

Katie turned five shades of red as she slunk down in her seat. How long had he been there? 

Stephanie covered her mouth as she laughed at Kate's predicament, getting away with it as only a best friend can. 

"The guest bedroom has been set up for you, Katie." Curt politely changed the subject, "Towel and face cloth are on the dresser. Steph has agreed to make dinner tonight while her mother is out of town, so you won't have to be subjected to my cooking."

He walked out of the kitchen to give the girls their privacy. Steph made them all a fantastic meal that evening and the two girls curled up on the couch in the basement with popcorn and a cheesy movie, just like old times. 

It was three in the morning when Kate woke up and couldn't get back to sleep, the sheets in the guest bed were too stiff or something. After tossing and turning for almost an hour she carefully padded back down to the den in the basement so she wouldn't disturb anybody. 

As she flipped through the channels with the volume turned way down she glanced over at the old futon in the corner right next to the couch. The girls had broken it rough-housing back when they were ten, so it hadn't folded back up into a sofa in years. The cozy matress had since accumulated what appeared to be Stephanie's entire stuffed animal collection on top of it, a small mountain of fuzzy creatures. 

In a pang of nostalgia Kate hopped off of the couch and crawled into the pile of stuffies, heaping the ones that fell off back on top of her as she snuggled in underneath. She felt very sneaky with only her eyes and the end of the TV remote visible under the chaotic heap, and with the warmth and the comforting weight on top of her she turned off the show she wasn't really watching and drifted back to sleep. 

Curt woke up at five a.m. as always, with or without an alarm. He tip-toed down to the den so he wouldn't disturb the girls as he went to workout. Years ago he had customized the basement so that he could exercise at home with a dumbbell set, workout bench, chin up bar, treadmill and other bits of gear that had accumulated over the years. 

Katie woke up to the rhythmic thumping of his feet as he started his warm up with a heavy dumbbell in each hand for weighted vertical jumps. After a set of thirty he was sucking wind pretty hard as he heaved the weights back onto their cradles. 

He shucked his snug t-shirt and pyjama bottoms now that he was warmed up, leaving only his silk boxer shorts on as he rolled out the yoga mat and began stretching. 

She had laid there watching him jump, enjoying the view as she tried to come up with a witty line to pop out of the stuffie pile to spook him. But before she acted he had stripped down and then it felt a little too awkward and personal to make a scene. 

Curt began his mobility routine, stretching and contracting through the basic yoga moves as he eased his body into the new day. 

Katie felt a familiar tingle between her legs as she silently watched his bare muscles ripple, slowly sliding her fingers down into her panties. He was facing towards her when he moved into a lunge, one leg straight back with the other forward and his heavy cock and balls slipped down out of the stretched leg hole. He rolled his eyes but didn't stop in the privacy of the basement, this happened every time he only wore boxers to stretch. 

She couldn't help but stare, his soft shaft was almost the same size as her ex's erection as it dangled pointing at the floor. She rubbed the little circles around her tingling clit a bit faster as she quietly controlled her breathing. 

Once his stretches were complete he moved on to his calisthenics and weights. Working up a sheen of sweat as he pushed himself through forty minutes of hard effort. 

Rolling up the mat he wandered over to the basement bathroom, coming back out with a bottle of lotion and a wad of toilet paper. Katie's heart sped up as she assumed what was about to occur in front of her, based on her brother's past history at least. 

Curt grabbed a pillow and laid across the couch facing away from her hiding spot, resting his tablet on his ribs as he started browsing for porn. 

She could see most of the screen from her angle as well as his hardening cock in his hand. He reached over and squirted some lotion onto his palm, lubricating his whole shaft before beginning to stroke with soft squelching sounds. 

Fuck was she getting turned on as he fast forwarded and jumped around through different videos, his thick cock towering over his fist at the bottom of every stroke. She could feel she was getting wet, but starting to cramp a little in her unchanged position after so long. There was something deliciously naughty about watching him in secret. 

After ten minutes he settled on a video of a young lady who had remarkably familiar features. Her hair was about the same length and color as Katie's and her skin tone and build were strikingly similar... The acting was pretty horrendous, and the plot was supposed to be a teenage babysitter getting fucked by a horny dad, whose face was rarely on camera and coincidentally also had a very muscular physique, and a big cock. 

Katie started breathing more heavily and stroking her hungry little clit faster, still being careful to stay quiet. Watching the tiny porn actress' pussy get stretched around his thick cock while Curt's heavy, throbbing shaft disappeared under his fist faster and faster.

"Mister! Mister! I'm gonna cum!" the young lady's lines sounded pretty bad coming from the little speaker on the tablet, and not just because of the sound quality. 

She could see Curt's abs begin to twitch and tighten as he got closer, her own approaching orgasm causing her legs to quiver. 

"Mmmmm. That ass..." he groaned as he started to cum, pumping jet after jet of stickiness back towards the wadded paper on his chest. Her own orgasm crashing silently over her while she watched his seed spray in her direction. 

Her twitching knocked a stuffed animal from the pile above her and she froze as the eye of the dilapidated little bunny clicked on the floor with shocking volume, not even daring to breathe as he looked back awkwardly over the arm of the couch in surprise. "Oh shit, I am so busted!" she screamed in her head. 

Curt glanced back in confusion, but saw only the pile, quickly assuming he had moved the couch and bumped the futon after he paused for a second. 

As she calmed down she though about what he had said, 'Mmmmm. That ass.' It didn't really make sense with the shot in the video, where the girl was spread on her back being pounded. 

Katie's eyes wandered past to the wall and it clicked: the photo had been up since Kate and Steph had made it to the volleyball finals last year. The focus of the picture was on Stephanie diving for the ball in a save that ended up being instrumental in their win, but to the right, in front of Steph's flying legs, Katie's gorgeous ass was beautifully displayed in her tight volleyball shorts and knee-high socks.

Curt sat up and turned giving her a much better view as he milked the last drops from his softening cock and wiped up the rest of his mess. 

He stood up, his fat dick still drooping proudly out of the the hole in his boxers and headed to the washroom. 

As he finished washing up Katie could hear creaking coming from the floor above, Steph was up. Curt heard her as well and got dressed before heading up to the kitchen for breakfast. 

Katie breathed a sigh of relief and extracted herself from the stuffie mound, piling them back up behind her as she massaged the crick in her neck and rolled her shoulders. She crept quietly back up to the guest bedroom and then 'got out of bed' officially. 

Looking at her bag she was feeling a strong urge to tease him. Kate pulled out her soft, mid-thigh nightie and thong undies (packed in case of a night of clubbing) and changed out of her baggy t-shirt and sweatpants, debating for a minute before deciding to skip the bra in favor of her zip-front hoodie. Then she headed for breakfast. 

"Good morning, sleepy-head." Stephanie smiled as she looked up from the table.

Kate mumbled a reply while she yawned and made her morning coffee, turning toward them not realizing that her hoodie had slid back to her sides and the soft nightie was revealing every provocative detail of her breasts.

Steph raised her eyebrows theatrically, tilting her head and staring pointedly at Kate's boobs, "Uh, Kate?"

Kate glanced over at Curt who had noticed as well and was staring at her with naked lust in his eyes. Looking down at herself her heart dropped as she saw that the nightie was clinging to her skin with static from rubbing inside the hoodie, hugging every smooth curve from her breasts on down between her thighs like a second skin. Even as she fumbled to close her hoodie he sat transfixed.

As soon as she covered up he regained his composure, but it took a second. His warm smile returned, but now did she see that hunger in the sparkle in his eyes?

Kate was beet red as Stephanie mouthed, "What the fuck?!" with a giant grin cracked across her face.

"Oh shit, I've never worn these together," she mumbled lamely as her cheeks throbbed with embarassment, "Maybe I should go change..." 

Her toast popped.

"Uh, if you go and get changed now your toast will either be cold or dried out," Curt pointed out the truth of the situation with a playful grin still on his face, knowing how obviously self-serving he was being. 

He had a point, she hated cold dry toast. Katie carried her plate to the table with one hand, holding her hoodie shut with the other until she sat down.

They all chatted for a few minutes while Kate ate. Steph's phone dinged with an incoming text. She read it, "It's Todd, he's asking if I can help this morning with a project he has that's due on Monday when we get back."

"OoOo," Kate chimed, "Todd? Is he hot? Is he single?" she teased.

"Yes and yes," Steph shot back. "Can I trouble you to find your own way back to your parents place... Or give you a ride now?" she asked, hopeful that Kate could accommodate. 

"I can give her a ride once she is awake," Curt offered. 

"Thanks Dad, you're the best!" Steph cleared her place at the table and headed upstairs to get ready, leaving the two of them alone with their coffees. 

The sexual tension was thick in the air as soon as Steph left the room.

Katie got up to clear her dishes before sitting back down with her coffee, mostly just to busy herself. When she sat back down her hoodie had wandered back off of her boobs, showing off all of her curves again. She could see that her nipples were clearly visible as she looked up at Curt and made no effort to cover them, she was so horny right now.

"You seem very perky this morning," he teased, unabashedly enjoying her private display. Her soft flesh so close he could reach out and touch her, "What's the occasion?"

Now that they were alone she was feeling uncharacteristically bold. Maybe because she couldn't get the thought of his fat, spurting cock out of her head. Maybe because she knew he was happily married and this was just a fantasy, she figured he wasn't going to jeopardize everything for a fling with a family friend. So really, she reasoned, she might as well tease him back mercilessly, at least in private - it would let her blow off some steam. 

"Well... I caught a hot stud masturbating recently and thinking about it has me really wound up." Kate quipped, a little surprised at her own bluntness now that the words were out. 

"Did you get to see much?" he asked, envisioning her possibly stumbling in on a fellow student in her dorm or something. 

"Oh, he didn't know I could see him, or that anyone was watching. I got to see everything." she responded suggestively. 

Curt was stirring in his silk boxers as the sight of her firm, aroused nipples teased him along with her words, "Any juicy details? Did you like what you saw at least?"

She got up and put her empty mug by the sink while nodding, "I definitely liked what I saw..." she let the words hang in the air, turning to head to the bathroom she looked back and said, "Mister! Mister! I'm gonna cum!" playfully parroting the corny line, then exiting the room before he had time to respond. 

It took a heartbeat for her words to sink in, but the look of surprise was priceless as he put the pieces together. 

When she came back to the kitchen it was his turn to blush. He was still sitting at the table nursing his coffee as she walked over to the sink, "So uh, exactly what did you see?" he probed, still trying to figure out what had happened. 

She leaned over with her elbows on the counter, presenting her ass like the picture downstairs as she pulled the hem of her hoodie up to the small of her back. The nightie shrink-wrapping every curve of her gorgeous butt, "Mmmmm. That ass..." she mimicked in a smoky voice, winking back at him. 

Curt turned even redder as he realized she knew exactly what had been going on, tearing his eyes away from her sexy display to type something into his phone. 

"Dad! The toilet is overflowing!" Stephanie hollered from upstairs in panic. 

Curt bolted out of the kitchen and raced to assist, missing the power button on his phone as he put it down. 

Katie could see the screen was still lit and her curiosity was piqued as she wondered what was interesting enough to peel his eyes away from her ass.

His phone dinged and another message scrolled up his screen. She picked it up and read the last few posts in the text conversation with "Babe":

Curt: Shit! I think Kate caught me rubbing one out this morning. 

Babe: Ha! How much did she see?

Curt: Not sure. Sounds like everything maybe. 

Babe: Not sure? I'm guessing there is a story here that you will fill me in on when I get home, while you fill me with something else ;)

Curt: Damn girl, I am so wound up right now. She's walking around in a night shirt that's practically painted on and she's teasing me. 

Babe: Did Steph ever tell her the two of us are swingers?

Curt: Fuck she is such a sexy little thing... I dunno. 

Babe: Just remember she is your daughter's best friend, Casanova. 

Kate's heart was pounding as she read the exchange. Her hands were shaking as she imagined fucking him, stretching her pussy around his cock like the starlet in the video. 

The text scrolled up as the next message came through while she held the phone. 

Babe: Well I know you had 'fuck the babysitter' on your bucket list and we kind of missed the opportunity... I don't mind giving you a pass if you are very careful about her feelings. Let her know that it's just for fun and that you are taken ;) BTW there is a hot sales rep at this conference who has been all over me. He just asked if he could take me out to dinner tonight and I said yes. Deciding if I should wear panties or not. Don't worry, I will check in before anything happens. Love you! 

She reread the message a few more times before she put his phone back down on the table, walking away just as he came back into the kitchen having averted the impending disaster upstairs. 

Why was she so nervous again? Now that she knew he was fair game her mouth was so dry she could barely talk. She blushed as she thought about him calling her a 'sexy little thing.'

A few minutes later Stephanie thumped her way down the stairs with a backpack slung over her shoulder, yelling back when she reached the front door, "Thanks again for giving Kate a ride, Dad! Kate call me tonight, You are staying over again before you leave town and I'm not going taking 'no' for and answer! Miss you already, bye!" 

They both yelled "Bye!" from the kitchen as the door slammed, and with that the sexual tension was back again so thick you could cut it with a knife. 

