 Codes: MF, cheating

My name is Jason, age 21, and I just graduated from the University of Arkansas with a degree in Electrical Engineering. I was able to graduate a year early by taking summer courses at a local university following my junior year in high school and another summer after my sophomore year in college. And by taking AP courses for chemistry, physics, and calculus. 

I graduated in the top 10 percent of my class in college so I got a higher than average starting salary of $67,000 per annum for Little Rock, Arkansas where I live work. That salary is close to the USA average, but Little Rock is 7 percent below the national average. For $1,700 per month, I am renting a 4 bed 2 bath house in Walnut Valley. Walnut Valley is an older established middle class neighborhood with good schools. I have a three year option to buy at $225,000, the current appraised value.

I cannot predict the future, but I believe our current economy is very fragile almost half the college graduates are taking jobs that, in a good economy, would only require high school education. And, the real unemployment rate is more than double the official rate since the official rate does not include discouraged job seekers and part time employees wanting full time jobs. Regardless, I believe the Federal Reserve which is owned by internal bankers is between a rock and hard place. If the Federal Reserve doesn't raise interest rates, at some point, inflation will skyrocket and if they raise interest rates then economy will take a huge hit.

I like having a three year option to buy at the current appraisal because, in three years, I think it not unlikely that one or the other will happen. If the economy collapses, house prices will fall and I can purchase for much less. If inflation takes off, I can exercise my option to buy at well below market prices.

I may not need a 4 bedroom house, but it is ideal for giving parties. I have some furniture in the family room but the large living room is empty providing a large area for dancing. Two bedroom, are empty except for air mattresses so if a party becomes wild, a couple can use one of those bedroom to fuck and there is a full bath in-between. I use one bedroom as a computer room and office.

Now I'm dating Aiko, a smart, pretty, juicy 18 year old girl. Since I'm only three years older, and because I have good job, a recent model car, and live in a nice house, her conservative Asian parents don't object to my dating their daughter. Typically, they want to know where we are going and I understand we can't stay out too late.

It took six weeks, but I popped her cherry. Aiko, was my first and so far the only virgin that I've fucked. However, because I'm three years older and she is from a conservative Chinese family, she had her defenses up so on the first date I didn't try to kiss her. 

On the second date, we held hands and after taking her home, I gave her a quick peck, less than a second on her lips. Aiko was willing to kiss longer. However, I wanted her to lower her defenses. By not being aggressive; even less than the typical boy her age, I believed that after several dates, Aiko would relax, feel safe with me, and drop her defenses.

The third date, after picking Aiko up, I made the excuse that I left my wallet at home, but she wouldn't get out of the car. She was putting her defenses up so I made a 60 second trip in and out took her to pizza, our date; and, when I took her home, she turned and like she expected me to kiss her. However, instead of kissing her, I left. 

No doubt that left her puzzled and perhaps wondering if I found her desirable or if I would ever do anything. I knew she was looking for a relationship and I was just looking for sex. In any event, on our fourth date, a movie date, Aiko had relaxed her defenses. She wore a short skirt and, in the car, she scooted over and sat next to me instead of by the window. And, she was flirtier, touching my arm; and, in the movie, she didn't object or freeze up when I put my arm around her.

The movie was close to the hill overlooking the river. On the way home, I said, "There is a view of the river I want to show you. It will only take a moment and then I will take you home." When I stopped, no doubt, Aiko thought I was trying to park and make out because she froze up. Instead, I said, "I wanted to show it to you, but the view is better in the daytime." Then I started the car, drove her home, and just gave her a quick peck. I had about decided she would not be possible for me fuck her until she grew up; whatever that means for an 18 year old girl. I didn't call her for a week. I'd let her think about it.

Then instead of asking her for a date I invited her to a party at my house. I told her, I invited several teenagers that are working at our company this summer, a secretary, and a couple of others my age. I told her the party is casual; shorts are fine and feel free to bring a date or, if you wish, another girl. If you don't come, I'll understand. I knew that would send a message and, since I told Aiko she could bring a date, she would think the secretary I invited was my date. I'm sure she knew that if she wanted a relationship with me she had better come. Otherwise, I would never call her again. Regardless, that was a decision she would make.

I didn't know if Aiko would show up or not. If she did, I didn't think she would bring a date. However, she might because a date could be a means of keeping her defenses up. Also, bringing a date could mean Aiko didn't want to appear needy and make appear like she didn't have a boyfriend. 

The empty living room was covered by an expensive off-white carpet so I asked everyone to remove their shoes when they arrived. Aiko came to the party with another girl. I introduced the girls to others at the party and offered them a choice of soft drinks or margaritas and the girls accepted margaritas to sip on. Aiko look sexy in her short shorts and tight fitting pull over top. Aiko certainly knows how to dress and act sexy when she wants to. Aiko was very flirty and one time acting silly she jumped up and down on the sofa to get attention.

I danced several times with Aiko, enough to let her know I was still interested but I also danced with other girls including a pretty 19 year old that I danced with as much as I did with Aiko. I wanted Aiko to know that she had competition. Aiko and the girl she came with stayed until some of the others had left. I told Aiko that I would call her. I planned to wait a few days and call her Thursday night for a Friday night date.

The next day, I was outside mowing my lawn and met Emma, my neighbor's sexy 20 year old wife, a beautiful redhead. We chatted and I learned they married five months ago and that he was an accountant age 28. Something about Emma told me she could be fucked. I knew most wives will cheat if the guy is especially attractive and there is opportunity with a very low risk of her husband knowing or suspecting. 

However, usually not the first couple of years, but I felt Emma might cheat now. And, I really wanted to fuck her. I told her that she and her husband were invited to my house for a party in two weeks. I said, "There will be about two dozen people at the party mostly in their twenties but several in their teens and early thirties." I would remind her again a day before the party.

I picked Aiko up at 7:30 p.m. and had pizza. I suggested I would rent a move and go to my house and watch it. However, she said she had to go home. I said, "It's not even 8:30 and you have go home. I didn't realize that you have such an early curfew. Perhaps we can go to a movie some Saturday afternoon.

I waited several days and asked Aiko to be my date at the party I was given. I told her it is casual to semiformal. Your father can bring you and take you home. I wanted Aiko's father to see that nothing other than social was happening and maybe he would leave early and not worry about Aiko staying out late the next I asked her to be my date at a party. The day before the party I reminded Emma.

I had invited half a dozen young engineers and other young professionals that worked at the company. I also invited several high school student, secretaries, and young professional women. When Aiko and her father arrived, I invited him to be the bartender. I had soft drinks, wine, cheese and other snacks. I knew that probably none of the people I invited would get drunk; maybe a couple would get a bit tipsy.

When Emma, in a sexy short tight sequin cocktail dress and Keith, her hubby, arrived, I introduced them to Aiko. I noticed Keith was quite taken with Aiko, but he tried not to show it. I thought that was good because if Aiko kept his attention, I could get better acquainted with his wife. I told Aiko's father that as host I was obligated to ask or dance with most of the women once. I didn't what him to think I was neglecting Aiko. And, he agreed that was the proper thing to do.

After a couple of hours with nothing to do and probably feeling out of place with a much younger crowd, he left with Aiko. I believe it was obvious to him that everyone was well behaved, it was not a wild party, and I was a nice young man that would take good care of Aiko. After Aiko and her father left and when Emma's hubby was otherwise occupied, I would dance and grind with Emma. I let her feel my cock getting hard and I said, "You turn me on." She just smiled as she grinded her ass into my cock. I knew then given the right opportunity I could fuck Emma. 

I waited a week before calling Aiko, then the following Friday, I picked her up at 7 p.m. and took her to dinner and invited her to my house to watch a movie. This time she accepted. She was wearing a short skirt and blouse and was far more receptive to making out on the sofa. I believe she was ovulating because that is when girls are most inclined to have sex. It was like she had make up her mind that I could fuck her. After getting my hand in her panties and fingering her, I lead Aiko to my bedroom and onto my bed. 

We were kissing and as I unbuttoned her blouse and Aiko assisted when I took her blouse off. I unbuttoned and unzipped her skirt and took it off. Next I unsnapped her bra and Aiko helped me take it off. Next I kissed her lips, ears, neck, and face. Then as I sucked on her titties, I remove my shirts and pants. Aiko lifted up her bottom as I peeled her panties off and then she was naked on the bed.

The naked Aiko looked so juicy and sexy and she watched as I removed my shorts. When I started kissing and caressing her, Aiko lay on her back and spread he legs. I could tell that her pussy was dripping wet and that she was ready and willing to be fucked. 

I climbed up in between Aiko's legs, pressed my cock her pussy and very slowly pushed my cock into her pussy to give her hymen time to adjust and stretch. I had read that if a virgin is properly excited by slowly entering her hymen will stretch with little or no bleeding. Perhaps I was taking too long because Aiko wrapped her legs around my thighs and pulling me with her hands she forced me deep into her pussy. Aiko's tight virgin pussy felt really good as it squeezed my hard cock. Slowly, at first, I started fucking her and then I really was pounding her pussy making her moan. I tried to hold off as long as I could to prolong the fucking, but soon I was squirting deep into her fertile pussy. I believe Aiko orgasmed because she gave a moan a quietly went, "Ahhhhhhheeeee mmmmmm."

We cuddled in bed for a while and then I fucked her again doggy style. We lay in bed for a few minutes before getting up and showering. I took Aiko home and made a date for Saturday afternoon. 

The next day, after I picked Aiko up, I took her to my place, and fucked her. We lay in bed for a couple of hours. Then we showered, and Aiko sucked my cock in the shower. We finished showering and with towels wrapped around us we ate sandwiches and drink cokes. Then we went back to bed and fucked again. 

Aiko wasn't on birth control pills and since it was in the middle of her period and likely she was ovulating, we went to the drug store and purchased Plan B (the morning after pill). The following Monday, Aiko got birth control pills and two days later we fucked. Then we fucked twice again on Saturday. The following Friday at 7:30 p.m., I pick Aiko up. Her period started earlier that day, which was a relief, so we went to dinner and a movie. 

The following weekend, I took Aiko to dinner, rented a couple of movies to watch at my house; and, after watching one of movies, I took her to bed and fucked her. I told Aiko that I was giving another party at my house the following Saturday and, as my girlfriend, she could help and invite a few of her high school friends. To prevent any hint that there might be something going on between Emma and me, instead of telling Emma, I intercepted Keith, Emma's husband, on the way home and invited him and his wife to the party. I told him the party would be casual and he could come alone or show up with his wife. And, remembering how he seemed to be taken by Aiko, I said, "There will be several hot teenage girls at the party and others in their twenties."

At the party, when Emma and her husband showed up, I asked Aiko to introduce him to the 18 year old high school senior girl she invited. The girl was hott. She was micro cut-off jean shorts and a halter top. She seemed to like the attention of the older guy and soon they were dancing. I'm sure Emma noticed so a few minutes later, I told Aiko that we were low on ice and to get the girl to ask Emma's husband to take her to get ice. At the same time I asked Emma to dance, but I knew Emma was aware that her husband left with the hot skimpy dressed girl. I figured Emma wouldn't like her husband being with another girl. Emma would think it was okay for her to fuck someone else, but not her hubby.

The party went about as expected when responsible singles and a few married people meet. Phone numbers were exchanged and one engineer left with a girl he met. Around midnight, I asked a young engineer to take Aiko and her friend home because I knew Aiko's parents had given her a curfew. Soon after that Emma and her hubby left. All in all, the party was a success and most would return when invited.

The weekend following my last party, I fucked Akio both Friday and Saturday nights. And, of course, at age 18 Aiko is so juicy; she gets so wet. Fucking Aiko with her smooth flexible body is great. Her pussy is very tight and slippery from her natural lubrication. Her pussy squeezes my cock and yet, it easily slips in and out. However, that was the last time I fucked Aiko. She also had several dates with the popular high school quarterback and when he asked her to be his girlfriend she stopped dating me. 

-------------------------------------------

Saturday morning, a couple of weeks later, Emma was sweeping the grass from her driveway after her husband had mowed the lawn. She was wearing short shorts and an orange tight pull-over, and looked so sexy. I talked and flirted with her and she told me her husband had just left to play golf and wouldn't be back for at least four hours. 

I invited her in for fresh strawberry daiquiris. Once inside, I took her hand and led her to the kitchen and she helped me make the daiquiris with the fresh strawberries I had bought. With her husband gone for four hours, I wasn't surprised that Emma accepted my invitation. 

I filled two glasses with the strawberry daiquiris and, taking her hand, I led her to the sofa and sit down next to her. We made small talk and sipped on the strawberry daiquiris for several minutes and I said, "You look sexy in your outfit" and very lightly ran my index finger across her leg an inch above her knee. She didn't offer any resistance so I ran my finger up her thigh all the way to her short shorts. Emma kind of laughed so I kissed her. Then pulling her tight against me, I gave her a long French kiss.

I grabbed Emma by the hand and led her to my bedroom and onto my bed. As clothes were coming off we hugged and kissed and more clothes came off. When we were both naked I fucked her.

After about an hour, I took Emma to the shower and fucked her in the shower. We finished showering, got dressed and sipped on more strawberry daiquiris. Then she went home and her husband was still playing golf and wouldn't be home for a couple more hours.

Emma was a great fuck—the best I ever had. With Emma, fucking wasn't only sex. Fucking was playtime. Emma moaned and squealed as I fucked her, but she was also laughing and having fun. We cuddled in the post coital bliss and made small talk. 

I knew then, if things went well, Emma and I would be fucking a lot. Especially since Keith is 8 years older and it is only natural that she would be attracted to a younger and more attractive guy. Cheating is a woman's choice so Emma would have no reason to feel guilty for doing what she desires and deserves.

However, we needed to be careful so that no one, especially her husband would know or be suspicious. Emma's husband went to work at 8:30 a.m., took an hour for lunch, and got off work at 5:30 p.m. Because, my work involved construction, I went to work at 7:00 a.m., had a half hour for lunch, and got off work at 3:30 p.m. Emma worked part time at a hospital, either mornings or afternoons, but usually she was home in the afternoons. That meant on some afternoons we could fuck for hour. Then Emma could shower and dress and be home at least 30 minutes before her husband got home.

I told Emma, I understood her need for secrecy so no emails or cell phone calls. And I said, "The way the shrubbery is arraigned and with my privacy fence, if you use the back door, the neighbors can't see. Also, there is a park and duck pond behind our houses with jogging trails so, if you take up jogging, several days a week, if your husband comes home early, you were out jogging."

I installed a keyless combination door lock on my back door, and I gave Emma the combination and told Emma, "When I'm home and not otherwise busy, I'll open the venetian blinds to my empty bedroom; the bedroom window that you can see from your kitchen."

Every day after I got home from work, I opened the venetian blinds and would close them when it started getting dark. Emma hasn't visited to fuck me again yet. However, it's only been two and a half weeks and I know women have their own schedule so for now I am just waiting. And, I did notice a couple of afternoons she went jogging which implies that fucking me is probably on her mind.

The following Thursday, Emma was inside waiting for me when I got home from work at 3:50 p.m. She was wearing running shoes, shorts, and a type of halter top that left her midsection bare from just below her titties to two or three inches below her navel. 

"Hi," she said when I came in the front door.

"You look great," I said. "Give me a hug." We hugged and kissed.

"I need to leave before Keith [her hubby] gets home."

"Then let's not waste any time," I replied as I grabbed her hand and took her to my bedroom. Before getting into bed, I stripped Emma naked. Emma was laughing; she seems to love me taking her clothes off as much as I like taking her clothes off. Emma then started removing my clothes starting with my shirt, my pants and then my undershorts leaving me naked with my cock sticking up.

We climbed on bed on our knees, hugging and French kissing. I pushed her down on the bed and kissed her neck, sucked on her titties, and I kissed her tummy, and her belly button. I kissed down to her pussy giving her pussy a few licks and then I kissed her inner thighs before working my kisses back up to her pussy. I licked in her pussy, on and around her clit. Emma was laughing but my licking her pussy and clit also made her moan. 
