 This story is a little rough as an innocent 19 yo girl is transformed into a slut, if its not for you then don't read on.

This is based on some things my girlfriend told me about but from the point of view of a guy, her fantasy or truth? You decide.

I was on my way to meet this girl from a dating site, she was about 19 and very nice but quiet and obviously nervous about speaking to me. Her family was very religious and she was banned from even meeting guys except for college work and had never had a boyfriend before. Very quickly into our chat I could tell she was attracted to me and hatched a plan to be her first time. After lots of nagging she finally sent over some pics of herself and she was small about 5 ft 8 and with a super cute face complete with dimpled and big blue eyes. I couldn't believe she hadn't had sex before and just seeing her perfect innocent face got me hard.

She wanted to meet but lives with parents and they are very strict about boyfriends and sex. I eventually convinced her to tell her parents I'm a school friend looking to work on a project together and they said okay. 

A week later the day arrives and I turn up outside a nice terrace house and ring the doorbell. She answers the door in a cute blue dress that hid her body well but accentuated her cute facial features. She lets me in and as we walk through the house she looks extremely nervous about lying to her parents and having a strange man she had totally fallen for in her house. As we walk up the stairs we pass her brother and I can't resist humiliating her already and just as he looks over I gently squeeze her tight ass. She jumps, her brother looks on in disgust as she goes bright red and practically drags me to her room as fast as possible.

When we arrive she awkwardly stands and asks if I want to sit down on her bed. I do and admire her for a moment, she is still bright red and I get a closer look at her long blonde flowing hair, succulent red lips and crystal blue eyes. She told me earlier that she never wears make up because she hates it but i can see she has tried to wear lipstick and mascara just for me, its not perfect but cute that she tried.

I ask her to come and sit with me, when she tries to sit next to me I pull her onto my knee and gently pull her face towards mine. As our lips meet I can feel her lips shaking, she kisses tentatively at first but I soon force my tongue into her mouth. She tried to pull away but I hold her head and soon she just lets me explore her mouth with my tongue. She is very submissive without even knowing what that is.

As we break the kiss I move my hand to feel her small breasts through her dress but she quickly uses her hand to push mine away. 

"Not yet", she says, "Can't we just kiss."

I give her a smirk and then pull her face back towards mine and this time keep our lips locked and my tongue deep in her mouth as I try to get a handle on her breasts again. I only ever let her pull her face away for a few seconds to catch her breath before using my hand on the back on her head to pull her close again, never breaking eye contact. 

She pushes me away again but my attempts are relentless and eventually realizing I wont give up trying to get to her breasts her attempts to stop me become weaker and weaker until she gives up and I get a handful of her tits. They aren't massive but I still get a nice full handful. She tries to pull away as I play with her pert nipples through her dress but its no use and I won't let her escape.

My next quest is her locked away pussy and I let my hand fall from her breast to rest lightly on her dress next to her crotch. Now her eyes go wide and she mumbles something about not being ready but I can't really understand her as I chew on her lip. Again she tried futilely to stop my advance as my hand approaches her pantie covered pussy. She tries to close her legs and use her hands to slow me down but this time I slap them away and tell her I don't want her hands to interfere again. She looks slightly scared but does as I say and lets her hands fall limply by her side. Now just her legs are in the way and i begin to slap her thighs louder and louder, her petite pale legs are now covered in my light red hand prints and she finally relents and I instantly cover her pantie covered pussy with my hand.

I am now the first person to feel her pussy and she instantly started to lightly moan into my mouth. After just a few minutes she is moaning more loudly and her breaths get shorter and just as I feel she is about to orgasm I stop. Straight away she complains and says she doesn't know why but needs me to carry on.

"Lie on your stomach with your hands behind your back first and then I will carry on," I whisper to her.

She ponders it for a minute but a wry smile from me finally breaks her resolve and she does as I asked. Once she is lying down like that I sit on her back so she is unable to move and grab my hoodie I arrived with. Before she can stop me I have tied her hands behind her back, tightly.

"Wha, wha, what are you doing?" she asked.

"Don't worry baby, I'm just going to get my reward. You've had a lot of fun so far, now its my turn."

I could see fear in her eyes, now she realized she had let this go too far.

As I whipped off my jeans, boxers and shirt I keeled in front of my little tied up slut. I pulled her face off of the bed and laid it on my limp cock, start licking I said. She shook her head and refused. Little did she know that her shaking head and ragged breathing was turning me on and only a few moments later I am at my full 8 inch length.

"Well if you wont lick me like I deserve, I guess I'll have to make you swallow it instead", as i spoke she suddenly started breathing even faster and panted

"No no, please, I'll lick it now, I promise!"

"Nope too late, you had your chance for that, now you'll have to swallow it all."

I lifted her head up so her mouth was in line with my cock and pushed forwards. As I did she kept her mouth shut and kept shaking her head. This wouldn't do.

"Fine you slut," I said finally, "I'll tell your whole house and neighbors what a slut you are instead. They'll be so disappointed, they will probably disown you and kick you out."

I then raised my voice and began to say louder and louder humiliating phrases like "Take my cock slut!" and "You cum whore!"

With every word I got louder and she soon realized that if she didn't shut me up her parents would know she was having sex and so she finally gave in and opened her mouth slightly. This was all I needed and immediately pushed through her mouth to her throat without stopping until my balls rested on her chin.

She instantly started to gag and panic unable to breath. Every time she gaged her throat would spasm and milk my cock some more. After a few seconds I didn't want her to pass out so I slapped her face really hard. My hand stung afterwards so who knows what her face felt like. And she instantly stopped panicking, tears streamed down her face as her right cheek went crimson read and for a moment the only sound was her throat choking and spasming on my rock hard cock.

"Slut, breath through your nose or you're going to pass out and I don't want that, yet..."

A ragged snort then erupted from her nose and she tried to spasm and open her mouth to breath but it was already full of my cock and all it did was dribble some saliva down over my balls.

After a few minutes of sitting balls deep in this virgins mouth she slowly began to grasp breathing through her nose with a throat full of hard cock and I spoke,

"Right slut, I'm going to remove my cock from your throat, you are to take a quick breath but under no circumstances close your mouth." 

She gurgled a yes and I slowly removed my cock. As I pulled it out saliva poured from her mouth and she choked as the head finally dislodged from her throat. When I was finally all of the way out her face was a picture. This cute innocent teen that only this morning had never seen a real cock before, now sat before me, throat burning, eyes streaming, covered in her own saliva with her mouth still dutifully open. The make up she hated and had worn just for me was now running and making her whole face a mess.

"Now I'm going to fuck that pretty mouth of yours till I cum. Do not close it for any reason. Do not try and get me to stop. Do not try and spit out my cum, swallow it all."

And then I began to enter my cock back into her mouth, I grabbed the back of her head so she couldn't move. She could only sit and feel 8 thick inches of man meat snake its way through her and fill her throat.

As I fucked her throat, she would gag every time that I bottomed out, and heave every time the head passed back from her throat. This kept her mouth constantly over flowing with saliva which I then proceeded to fuck back down her throat. This lasted for what must have been more than 10 minutes but as I got closer to cumming I sped up and by the end was practically just yanking her head against my stomach and in turn her mouth to the base of my cock like an old flesh light. Finally, I buried myself deep and felt an orgasm rush over me as she was forced to swallow load after load of my potent cream.

Once I was finished I pulled out and let her face slap back down onto the bed in a puddle of sweat, saliva and cum. 

After I recovered, I dressed myself and spoke, "Thanks for that slut, I really needed it, can't wait to relive it over and over again."

At this she finally pulled her head from the puddle and spoke with the croak of a really sore throat, "Re, relive it, what?"

"Oh yeah, while we were making out I set up a little camera and recorded the whole thing. Don't worry its just for my eyes, as long as you continue to be my personal cumslut of course." With a cruel grin I continued, "Tell your parents I'll be back tomorrow for another study session and I'll teach you all about real sex and maybe some anal stuff too".

Her bottom lip quivered as I smiled and stepped outside her room, leaving her tied up in a puddle of fluid, with less than a day to prepare herself for tomorrow. But that was her problem not mine and if she didn't want her parents to know she had been face fucked she would have to find a way out of her bindings herself and start cleaning up pretty quick!

Thanks for reading, this is my first story, let me know what you think below.