 The beginning!

When my husband Jack first told me about it I knew he couldn't be serious. I didn't think he was joking or anything like that, but so many other ideas popped into my head. What could be the reason he would want such a thing?

Is he falling out of love with me?

Is he slowly caring less and less about me?

Did I do something wrong?

Is he questioning his own sexuality?

Is he just trying to open up our relationship so he can sleep with other women?

And others...

I couldn't register it as something anyone could actually just want. I was in disbelief with my husband of over 6 years. Typically being a fairly jealous person he admitted that he was also surprised that he was having these thoughts, but he assured me it had nothing to do with any of that and that it just turns him on. 

It wasn't until quite a bit later that he started dirty talking about it to me during sex that not only did it obviously turn him on, but it was also pushing me over the edge. He was making love to me and whispering in my ear about another man dicking me better than he ever has, I was shocked at how much it made me horny. I couldn't get over why I was so intrigued with the naughtiness of it all, I was in ecstasy. Surprised by my own excitement I didn't last very long. I began to pant and moan as I came harder than I had in a long time. The thought of some random stranger having his way with me was hot to think about. The fact that it was my loving husband that planted that idea while he was pleasuring me was just a bonus. I even dreamed about it that night so when we woke up we had great sex before he left for work that morning as well. 

He didn't mention it until the next day over some chilled Italian wine and dinner that he prepared at home. He's a great cook, and puts a lot of effort into his meals.

Jack- Now that I'm a little buzzed... I've been thinking about it all day and I have to ask. Do you think we could actually give it a try? 

I knew what he meant, but I awkwardly play innocent trying to avoid the subject

Me- I don't know what you mean. What are you talking about? 

Jack- Well, you seemed to have a good time last night.

Me- Oh, you mean you want to really try that with another person?

Jack- Yes, I could tell you liked it too.

Me- I did, but I thought we were just role playing. It was a lot of fun.

Jack- It certainly was a lot of fun. I'm just letting you know, it doesn't have to be role play. I would love to watch someone fuck your brains out. 

After last night I was hoping that he would have gotten it out of his system. I must say that I was a bit shocked by his forwardness, and a little excited by his vulgarity. Clearly that wasn't the end of it.

Me- I mean... I know you're way too jealous to really go through with something like that, and I think it should just be something that we dirty talk about from time to time. I like that it's just you and me.

Jack- I understand that you are reluctant to believe me, but trust me I really do want this. I'm giving you the opportunity to have sex with someone else, and not only do you not have to feel bad about it but I'm asking you to do it. 

Me- I don't want the opportunity to be with someone else. I honestly only want you. Maybe someday we could do this for like your 30th birthday or something, but even then... probably not.

Jack- You're telling me that you have absolutely no desire to have sex with anyone else? 

Me- Yes, if I did this...and that's a big if, it would be solely for you. 

Jack- Well, I guess I don't want you to do something that you don't want to do. To be completely honest I guess I'd feel weird about it if you were super "for" it. I am glad and also a bit relieved to hear that you are really happy with just me. 

Me- Yeah, I think you might have other things to worry about if I jumped on board with this right away. Besides, if I were to do it i don't think I could do it while you watched. It'd just be weird for me, and I don't know if I would be able to "enjoy" myself if you know what I mean. I'd feel too awkward, and I'd be too worried about hurting you.

Just then his eyes shot over at me and as he glared I could tell I struck a jealous nerve. I can only imagine what he was thinking about. Basically at that point we both knew that would never happen. 

Jack- You wouldn't be hurting me, but like I said before. I won't pressure you into anything you don't want to do, and I don't know if I'd be okay with not being there. 

Me- Thanks, I'm glad we talked about it. It's still a no, but that's the way it would have to be.

The sex that night was amazing. We didn't role play or do anything kinky, but I got on top of him and rode him hard which is our favorite way to make love. I pushed into his thrusting hips as hard as I could. His dick was as stiff as a rock and it was in as deep as it could go. His penis is very nice and always does the trick, but it's not as long or as girthy as the dildo he doesn't know I secretly use from time to time. He could tell by my body motion that I was getting close when he let out a moan louder than usual. He came more than I've felt inside of me before. I felt his cum shooting into me and it was hotter than I expected. I was so turned on that I lasted about ten more seconds. I laid there exhausted but very satisfied, and fell asleep in less than a few minutes. I had to admit it to myself, "I knew that going through with something like this was a bad idea, but did we just have 3 days of the best sex in a long time?". We both slept like babies that night.

He said he wouldn't pressure me into it, but as time went on he'd subtly mention it here and there and remind me that the offer was still there. Not to mention that we never stopped the occasional role play or dirty talk of the idea. Regardless of what was said, it wasn't long before it came up again and like before it involved some wine to loosen his inhibitions. I still felt the same about it but I could tell now that it was a bigger deal for him than I thought.

Jack- So remind me again why you don't want to fuck anyone else?

Me- Because I only want you. Also I still think you're a bit too jealous to go through with this and not be angry about it afterwards. 

Jack- Well I've thought about it, and it makes sense that you would be uncomfortable with me just sitting there watching you have sex with another man. The main reason that I want this is because I'm obsessed with your pleasure, and if that means you go on a date and don't return until morning that would work for me. I'd need sex immediately, and I'd also need all the details of course.

I could see the bulge in his pants growing, and noticed his nerves building. He was breathing heavier waiting for my response. 

Jack- Well???

Me- I think it could happen, but just remember this would be what you wanted and that it wouldn't be for me. 

Jack- So is that a yes? 

Me- It's a maybe. There are still other issues with this. 

Jack- Like what kind of issues?

Me- Well who would we pick? Where would it happen? I don't want it to be with anyone we could run into at the grocery store. You know how embarrassed I would be.

Jack- Well I've given this a lot of thought and there are a lot of ways this could play out...

We discussed many different scenarios. We talked about meeting someone at an out of town club and leaving with them to my nearby hotel room, but it felt too unsafe to me. Being alone in a room with a strange man could go wrong at any second. This is when I decided he could be in the room, but hidden. While he was excited about it he was also very on the fence about the likely hood of getting caught. Not to mention the following embarrassment that would follow while explaining the situation. 

We were unwilling to do it at our place where he could easily hide, or come to my assistance if needed. The neighbors could see, or the guy could remember where we live. 

We considered going to a swing club where he would watch me play with strangers, but ruled it out because we researched a little and decided that it might be a bit too much for us. 

We thought about using a dating site and being honest with the situation, but it was too risky for a one night stand. The thought of getting an STD from meeting a stranger just for sex seemed likely, and we both agreed condoms were out. I don't like the way they feel, and he wants the guy to burst inside of me. Which didn't eliminate the idea of finding a virgin. This actually really turned me on. The idea of being some young bucks first woman seemed so liberating. But the truth is, we have no idea how many men use their virginity as a con to sleep with lots of women. 

A few months had passed when my husband approached me with his idea of the perfect plan that met as many of the needs as could be met. I must admit it wasn't something only he wanted at this point. I was actually a bit excited. 

The big event! 

We went away for a four day weekend to Las Vegas. The plan was to enjoy a few days relaxing by the pool, seeing some sights, and then finally take care of this fantasy on the last night. 

We arrived at McCarran Airport and got our bags so far everything was on track. We got the rental and made good time getting to our hotel. Shortly after we arrived he was headed to the gym and suggested I check out the pool and relax with a drink or two. I smiled and agreed. He knows I love getting some sun, and with the events planned for this weekend a tan was a good idea.

When I got to the pool someone took me to a chair and took my drink order. I noticed it was fairly empty and felt a little more relaxed. I then jumped straight into the pool wearing the very revealing bikini that Jack made me bring. The water was refreshing, it was the perfect day for a swim. I got out when I saw my wine approaching. A group of younger couples was now entering the pool area. I watched them for a minute or so while drinking my wine. I was a bit envious, I admired their youth. I'm only in my early 30's, but they were probably college age. I dozed off for a minute or two in the sun when the sound of a splash from someone suddenly jumping in the pool woke me. That's when I noticed it... some of the other women at the pool were no longer wearing their tops. Shocked, I realized that my husband probably picked this place wanting me to participate. I've gone topless once before in Greece, it was a lot of fun but I wasn't expecting it here and wasn't really mentally ready just yet. 

As the waiter came over I was ready to pay the bill and go when he handed me another glass of wine that came with a note that I expected was from my husband. The waiter informed me that it was actually from the gentleman across the pool and informed me that my bill had already been paid for. 

The letter read,

"Thank you for providing a wonderful view" 

I wasn't crept out, I was actually flattered and didn't know what to do. This man must have been watching me sleep instead of looking at all of these younger girls. Then I surprised even myself with what I did. Nervous, but feeling brave I stood up, raised the glass and smiled at the man. He raised his and smiled back. I then sipped my wine, untied my top and set it on the table making sure he had full view, and layed back down with my arms above and behind my head making it easier for everyone to see. It drives my husband crazy when I do this while he fucks me. I felt so naughty, I just took my top off for a stranger at the pool and kind of flirted with him. I continued to tan for about 10 minutes put my top back on and waived at the man as I left with the wine he had purchased for me.

When I got back to the room I was ready to pounce on my husband. The shower was running and he was whistling like he usually does. I got in with him with a naughty idea that made me hot. With a grin on his Face he smirkly asked me how the pool was (knowing god-damned well he sent me to a topless pool without telling me about it).

I grabbed his cock and started jerking it nice and slow. I could feel it slowly getting firmer and firmer. I haven't said a word to him yet and when he began to speak again I pulled his face to mine and kissed him as gradually increased speed with my hand. I kept him on the brink of orgasm for a few minutes slowing down everytime he was close to bursting. His hand was rubbing my pussy vigorously and just as I was about to cum I asked him if he really needed to know what I had done at the pool. He nodded so I got on my knees and took him in my mouth until I felt a little too much of his warm load overfill me. A bit got onto my chin, but I stood up and pulled his head to mine and made sure I got plenty of his cum into his mouth. I had never done that before, and he's usually hesitant to kiss me anytime my mouth goes anywhere near his cock. So it was my naughty way of punishing him for being bad, but I think he may have liked it.

I still needed release so I turned off the water and demanded he gets into the bed now before his cock got soft. Soaking wet he laid onto the bed and I jumped onto him and immediately inserting his fading erection into my very wet pussy. I then began telling him of the events at the pool expecting jealously, instead his eyes opened wide and I felt a jolt from is cock. I was hornier knowing that he knew what I had done and liked it. It didn't really matter though, I was going to ride his cock until I came even if he were upset with me.

I told him that I was turned on when I purposely flirted with the man by the pool. I made sure he knew I was showing my full breasts to another man. I could tell Jack's cock was rock hard and ready again. I'm not the one who does the dirty talking, and I could see that he loved it. I told him aggressively, "You better cum in my pussy now or I might make you wait a long while after I fuck someone before you even get to see it again." He let out a moan just as I was cumming and I felt him finish inside of my now soaked pussy. I could have instantly fucked him again right then and there, but he had just cum twice in about 10 minutes. I could tell that it was about all he could take for now. 

The next few days we relaxed together. I purposely denied him sex, and I knew that's all he was thinking about. I teased him by wearing outfits that didn't leave a lot to imagination. As we got closer to the big night time seemed to slow down, and my feet got colder and colder. I wasn't sure if I still wanted to go through with it. Once it was done it couldn't be undone, but I hadn't mentioned it to him. I knew how much it meant. 

It was finally the big day and we were on our way to the club where he dropped me off. I was wearing a somewhat slutty yet classy black dress and my husband's favorite thong. Five minutes later I received a text from my husband saying.

Babe,

I love you, and if you don't want to do this or if you change your mind at any point in time you can. Just have a few drinks, a few dances, and if after that you're not okay with it we can call it off.

I smiled at his message and sent him a text reminding him that he's never going to have sex with another woman also letting him know again that if he changed his mind we could still stop this.

It was maybe 10:30 when I was dancing and noticed a man looking at me as he walked towards me. He was attractive, tall, tan, and thin like maybe a swimmer of some sort. He leaned in and asked to dance. I appreciate him not just coming over and just pushing himself all over me. So of course my answer was yes. 

We were casually dancing for a song or two when he offered me a drink. We went and sat close together at a small table away from the loud music while we waited for our drinks to come. I could feel his thigh pressing on mine purposely as he put his arm around me and began to chat. It should be noted that almost everything I had told him was not completely true. 

Him- So what's your name and what do you do when you aren't enjoying your weekend in Downtown Las Vegas?

Me- My name's Valerie. I own a few small business just outside of town. I came here to take a break from all the stress... You?

Him- I actually am here to relax as well. I'm Joseph and I work for a major tech company in Seattle. I'm glad we decided to vacation at the same time. You're really beautiful.

I began to smile when our drinks came. We continued to chat for a few minutes when he asked permission to kiss me. I didn't even think about it. I just nodded, and he pressed his lips on mine. They were the only other lips other than my husband's since Jack and I started dating. I was nervous, excited, and really turned on. We made out for a minute when I told him I just needed to use the restroom and I'd find him on the dance floor. 

I texted my husband...

Valerie- Hey, are you still okay with doing this? 

Jack- Yes, I'm so excited. How's it going? 

Valerie- Really good, I think we'll be needing a ride soon "wink wink". 

Jack- What do you mean really good? Give me details!

Valerie- No time, I love you.

Jack- Okay, have fun. Let me know when you're ready to go.

When I got back he pulled me by the hand to the dance floor and we began dancing. This time wasn't like before, we were the club had filled up with people. We were so close we were touching the whole time now. Unlike my husband, Joseph was a great dancer. It's like we were in sync with each other. His hands were everywhere except where I wanted them to be, but he was too much of a gentleman to do that. As he felt my thighs and the front of my hips I'd push back into him getting a good feel of his manhood. It must've been around midnight by now and after a few drinks I was having a really good time with Joseph. Just as we were about to basically touch each other like two people shouldn't even in a club I confessed to him. 

Valerie- I know it's weird but it's always been a fantasy of mine to meet someone and maybe go a little too far on the cab ride to my hotel. 

Joseph- Oh really, I'm not sure we could do something like that in a cab. I'm willing to try though.

Valerie- Well, I actually have a driver. I could tell him to circle the city. So it's not exactly a cab, but it would be more private. I pay him very well so I don't think he'll even mention it. 

Joseph- That's impressive, I didn't imagine that when you said "small businesses" 

Valerie- Is that a yes? 

Joseph- Yes definitely.

When I texted my Jack (my driver) I let him know that it was probably his last chance to get off this train. He replied with, "I'll pull the car around". 

Again all the nerves were hitting me as we headed to the front. I really didn't know how my husband was going to react. Jack knows I liked sex in cars, most of our early relationship sex was in the backseat of my Camry. I'm pretty sure that's why he liked his plan. There's just something about the thought of maybe getting caught that makes it so naughty. This way he was able to be there and entice me with something he knows excites me. 

As Joseph and I were headed outside he put his arm around me and there was my husband. Standing there with the car pulled up curbside and the door opened for us, but it wasn't the small rental we came here with. This was a full sized Luxury SUV, with dark tinted windows. Inside the middle row was removed so it was just the back seat and space for "activities". He had obviously given this some thought which made me feel a lot better about how committed he was to this. 

We got in and I told him to circle the city for a while. It was almost 1 a.m. at this point but there was still a little bit of traffic in Vegas so I told him to take the highways and keep the ride smooth. 

I took a deep breath in the back seat with my heart pounding, I couldn't believe I was about to do this with my husband sitting just a few feet away. 
