 "What are you doing, dad? How can I help?"

Rich turned to see his son, backpack slung over his shoulder looking around at the piles out in front of the garage. "Hey, Aaron." He looked around at his mess, "I'm hoping we can organize this so we can actually get three cars in here." His eyes scanned all the crap and shrugged, "Or not." He looked back at his son shrugging off his bookbag. "How was school? Feeling ready to graduate?"

Aaron went over to one of the piles and began to sort through it, looking for things he could give to Goodwill, throw out, or keep. "School's great. I might be the only kid there who will miss it. I really like my teachers and since the guys are all heading to different colleges, I think it might be tough." He held up his old skateboard, "Do you have a pile for Goodwill?" He went over to where his dad pointed.

They were soon done and what Rich originally thought would take all day into the evening was done by dinner. After the last box was loaded into the pickup, they took off their gloves as the door to the house opened.

"I'm impressed! I never thought you'd get this done today, let alone by dinner." Sharon walked around looking at the organization and all the space, "We'll get all three cars in here now." She kissed her husband and said quietly, "I'll pay off the bet later."

Rich grinned and looked over to see if Aaron heard that and seeing the question on his face he blushed, "Um, your mother didn't think I could get this done and we sort of made a bet." He looked at the floor, "Perhaps it would be best if you don't ask..."

Aaron laughed, "Dad's getting head! I'm so glad I was here to help out. Wait, I helped..."

"Shhhh. Quiet. Yes, that was the bet, but if you say anything to your mother I'll put sugar in your gas tank." He suddenly laughed, "Though it would be funny to point out to Sharon that you did half the work. I wonder..." He shook his head, "Sorry, better we don't go there."

Aaron blushed thinking about how many times he'd thought about what was underneath those tee-shirts, blouses, blue jeans...His mom was seriously hot. He had to walk over to the workbench thinking about their two weeks in Hawaii and seeing his mom in her two-piece. 'God! Her gorgeous red hair in the sun. Her tiny waist accentuating her large breasts and wide hips.' He remembered too many men to count approaching her and chatting her up, perhaps thinking she'd take off her wedding ring for an hour or two. Or many would have her leave it on as she stroked their hard cocks...He felt a surge through his groin and closed the bench drawer on his fingers to jolt himself back to reality before his dad knew what he was thinking about. "Hey dad, perhaps we should get rid of some of the older tools, you know like this Phillips head?" He held up a worn screwdriver.

"That's a good idea, but let's go through that tomorrow. I'm sure someone could use those." He walked to the steps leading to the house, "I'm going to go clean up for dinner, you might want to also."

Aaron finished his History paper and got up and stretched. He headed downstairs to get a Coke and saw his mom and dad, sitting on the couch looking upset. They didn't seem to notice as he walked by, they were so intent on whatever it was they were discussing.

"Is it really that important?" He heard his dad ask.

"Yes. I mean, Aaron's going to head off to college and, I mean..."

"We talked about this. I did the operation, but Dr. Samuels says there's no way to reverse it now. Believe me, I'd love to, but..."

Aaron's ears pricked up hearing his name and when he heard his mother sniffle, he knew she'd been crying. He put down the can and walked into the living room, "Mom, dad? Is something wrong? How can I help?"

Rich looked sadly at his son, "Sorry, Aaron, you've always been terrific when we've needed anything, but sometimes..."

Julia blew her nose, "Thanks, Aaron. We'll work it out."

"Ok, I feel terrible seeing you both like this. I'm sure it can't be all that bad." He saw their looks and nodded. "I'll be in my room. Just let me know if there's anything I can do." Aaron headed up to his room.

Julia watched as her only child headed out, "There. That's why I want a baby. We were so blessed with him and this fall, he's heading to college." She stared down at her hands. She looked at her husband and sighed, "I'm in no way blaming you. They said it'd be reversible. I know you never wanted to have the procedure in the first place. We were stupid. 18 years old and had no sense of how things can change." She kissed her husband.

Rich pulled his wife into his arms, "I guess we'll find a donor and sell some of the stock to pay for in vitro, it's just that..."

Julia looked up at her husband, "I know. Not a great option, I mean, Aaron is the best kid ever and frankly, we sucked as parents early on, so it has to be genes."

Rich laughed, "Yeah remember when I told him if he could reach the pedals he could borrow that car."

Julia started laughing, "Oh Christ. He put on that pair of 'fuck-me' pumps I wore to that costume party."

Rich hugged his wife hearing his wife happy and laughing, "I know. You almost yelled at him asking why he was wearing them, stopping yourself just in time saying..." Rich laughed with his wife, who suddenly stopped laughing. "What, what's wrong?"

"Oh God, this might be the stupidest idea ever." She looked at her husband, "Aaron, wearing 'fuck-me' pumps. He did ask what he could do. I'm not talking about actually, you know, fucking me, you know, as a donor. At least it's half your DNA."

Rich shook his head, "No, no, no. There's no way we could go to the fertility clinic with our son's sperm. They'd throw us out. Plus, are you going to go up to Aaron and suggest he jack off in a cup for us?"

Julia laughed, "You have no idea. I'm pretty sure he'd ask how many loads we need."

"Really? I never actually thought about it. I guess he is at that age."

Julia patted her husband's leg, "Sweetie he's been at that age for a while. You wouldn't know because it's not your panties that go missing." 

She chuckled, "Didn't you notice that about 5 years ago I stopped walking around in my long tee and panties?"

"So, perhaps Aaron could help us out." Rich looked at his wife, his hands sliding up her thighs and cupping her warm pussy through her shorts.

Julia spun her head around, "Ok, no. Now I'm emphatically saying no!" She glared at her husband, "We'll come up with a solution." She started to pull his hand off, but frankly, she'd been getting slightly aroused talking about her beautiful son jacking off in her panties.

Rich held out his other hand, flicking one finger up at a time, "One: My DNA, or at least half. Two: A lot less expensive than in vitro. Three: Apparently a willing donor. Four: he rubbed the moist crotch, "A willing receiver." He held out his thumb, "Five: I'm out of town for two weeks and I'll not be in the way."

Julia sat up, "You have to be kidding. What about," she held up her hand, "Six: it's illegal, incest! Seven: What will that do you our boy, I mean how will he treat me? How about his relationship with you? Eight or nine or whatever we're up to, how would the suggestion even come up? Last: How would you feel while you're in Germany knowing your wife is getting done by another man?"

"You're right, if it were just another man, I'd be...jealous? Angry? Suicidal? But it isn't just another man. It's my son. My surrogate. All your objections are valid, but give me more options."

Julia sighed, "There's Frank." She cringed, "Sorry, bad idea, bad idea." She quickly said as she grinned at her husband, "I need a spanking." She thought about how Rich's brother Frank had made it his goal to steal every girlfriend away from his little brother. He actually came on to Julia the morning of their wedding, if by coming on pulling out his cock and pulling her hand onto it.

"I have half a mind to yank down those shorts and put you over my knee right now." He gently slapped that nice plump ass. "Look, this is 100% your call, but it would lift a weight I've been feeling ever since you brought up the idea of having another kid. I would love that."

Julia stood up and looked at Rich. "Go get Aaron, I'm getting a glass of wine." She stopped and looked back at her husband, "I cannot imagine cumming or even enjoying it because this is actually a bit weird, but on the other hand I'll do this for you."

Shocked at the sudden decision, Rich watched his wife head down the hall and stood up.

Knocking on the door, Rich thought about what Julia said and hoped his son wasn't using her panties right now.

"Hey dad," Aaron swung open the door, "I was just starting my calc homework. What's up? You and mom ok?"

"We're good, if you can take a break can you come down to the family room?"

"Sure dad, hang on." He turned off the music on his iPhone and switched off the light.

Julia pulled down her long tee realizing it was really too short to sit on the couch, but seeing the two men come into the room, patted the empty spots on both sides of her. "Ok boys, have a seat."

Aaron was glad to see his mom wasn't crying anymore and actually looked happy. He noticed his mother was wearing her nightshirt without a bra and tried not to look, or at least stare. As he sat down, he felt his bare leg slide against his mom's smooth skin. His mom immediately laid her hand on his bare leg as if being reassuring. He looked up when his dad handed him a beer.

"I know we don't allow you to drink, but you're going to graduate soon, and you're a man now." Rich sat down and gently slapped his wife's beautiful thigh. He looked expectantly at his wife, who nodded.

"Aaron, sweetie. We need your help." Julia said as she stroked his thigh.

"Sure, anything. You know I'm available for whatever you need."

"Don't say sure yet. I can't exactly predict how you'll feel about this, but...Shit!" She looked pleadingly at Rich.

"Son, your mother, actually, both of us have been talking about how you're going to be heading to college in a few months and we both decided," he held Julia's hand, "that we'd like another kid."

"That's great! I'd love a sister. Crap, I've always thought how fun it would be to have a little sister, or brother if that's what you have. I can come back on weekends and help out." Aaron said happily.

"Thanks, son, but there's a snag. Years ago, after you were born I got a vasectomy and, well last week the Dr. said there's no reversing it." Rich said sadly.

"You could adopt. There's a lot of great kids out there...what?" Aaron stopped, seeing his parents look.

"I don't know how to put this. We were blessed with the best boy imaginable. You have been everything any parent could want." Julia looked at her son, "I guess what we're saying is, we'd like another child like you."

"I'm really not following, now," Aaron said taking a sip of beer.

Rich looked across his wife, "We need your help making this baby. You know, your seed."

Aaron laughed, "I can do that. Let's go down to the clinic and give me a cup." He blushed, "I have developed a certain familiarity with the process." 

His parents laughed, "Yes, I know. I've had to periodically restock my underwear drawer, but that's not exactly the procedure we need of you," she slid her hand a little higher while opening her legs slightly, "Rather than the technician injecting your sperm into me using the turkey baster, or whatever it is they use, um, I thought you could sort of deposit it directly." 

Aaron almost choked on his beer feeling where his mom's hand slid to and hearing her suggest... "You want me to screw you?"

Julia pulled her hand back, "Oh, sorry. I'm sure the concept disgusts you."

"No, no mom. Not at all." Aaron looked intensely at his mom. "Pardon me for being blunt, but I might have sort of fantasized about that the last few years," He grabbed her hand, "I'd like nothing more." He shot a look at his father, "Dad? I mean...oh crap. Are you ok with this?"

"Yes, actually I'd be forever in your debt. We talked about getting a sperm donor, but the thought of some stranger's stuff inside my wife...well, you know, it just makes me..." He shook he head, "The thought that it would be yours changes everything."

"Wow," he looked at his mom and noticed her nipples were poking out a lot more than when he sat down, "Not to sound too eager," he looked over at his dad, "but when do we start?"

Rich looked over at the two faces looking at him. "Perhaps this is a bad idea. Ok, ok. I should probably head out early. I'll change my flight and head out Friday." He stood up and held out his hand to his wife, "Come on, we're heading to bed." He looked at his son, "I know this is a foreign concept, but you have to save your sperm. No jerking off."

**********************************************

Aaron fought an erection all day thinking about his mom, plus he couldn't remember the last time he went 4 days without jerking off and it felt strange. Being at school and walking the halls sure was a bad place to get a chubby he thought. As he was leaving school, Travis came trotting up.

"Hey, Aaron, where you going? Remember we're playing on your old Nintendo today?"

"Oh, yeah. Sorry, my dad's heading out for almost three weeks and I was thinking I wanted to say goodbye." He looked at the eager face, "But, sure. Come on." 

Julia saw watched Rich climb into the Uber and head to the airport. She'd kissed him goodbye telling him she was having second thoughts. His response was to tell her to grit her teeth and bear it...to let the boy just cum inside her since it didn't matter if she enjoyed it, in fact, he preferred if she didn't, plus he'd not give her the chance. "He's an 18-year-old boy." He said, "He'll last 30 seconds if that." He told her to change into something a lot more revealing and just get it over with. Then he gave her a passionate kiss, told her he'd miss her and left. She changed into a cut-off tee which just came to the bottom of her unfettered large breasts. 

She thought wearing this would make her a bit excited, but her general feeling was one of dread. What if Aaron compared her to those teenage girls? What if the concept made it hard for him to get it up? She did have assets few girls could boast. She cupped her breasts feeling the weight. Technically, she was a G-cup, but Rich loved to call them quad-Ds. She was proud of them and loved when men looked, but going braless with the way they bounced around was rarely an option. She was proud of the fact that even though her boobs were huge, they had yet to sag. She smiled seeing her tight cut-offs show off her ass and knowing she wasn't showing panty lines gave her hope her son would notice. She looked in the hall mirror and admired her pronounced camel toe wondering if this was too much. She was just about to run back upstairs when she heard the door unlock and Aaron and his friend Travis walk in. She quickly covered up and stammered out, "Sorry, I was cleaning and...oh, hell. I need to change."

"Sorry, mom. I forgot to tell you, Travis and I planned on setting up the old Nintendo." He looked her over and wanted to whistle, but Travis took care of that for him. "Dude, that's my mom. Please don't perv on her. Anyhow, I'm sure she let her hair down since dad took off for a couple of weeks."

"Um, yes. I hate it when he leaves town, but this trip will be the longest we've been apart since we got married." She held her arms across her chest, blushing. "I'm so embarrassed."

Travis laughed, "God damn, Mrs. T. No way I'd be able to get on a plane with this back at home." He walked over and pulled her arm down, pointedly admiring her chest. "Don't change. Aaron and I will be downstairs and you should feel comfortable in your own house." He whistled again, letting his eyes travel down her body before turning the Aaron, "Come on dude. I really want to try out some of those old games." He glanced back and winked as he headed down the stairs.

Julia looked down and saw what she expected, her nipples poking out and groaned realizing her plan to seduce her son fell flat. He's a teenage boy and playing video games is high on his list. She heard Travis jokingly suggest they invite her down to play the games with them. She hoped he wouldn't be stay long and Aaron would get between her legs soon and get it over with. Maybe she should get the KY out of the medicine cabinet. She'd lie there and being an 18-year-old boy, he'd cum quickly. She had a thought, perhaps she could convince Aaron there are other urgent matters and send his friend on his way.

Julia carried the tray down and put it on the coffee table. She saw the boys, consoles in hand barely notice her. Finally, they looked over, "I brought snacks. What are you playing?" She looked at the screen, "Super Mario. I remember that. I was sorority champion. I could kick your young asses." She laughed. Then she turned and nodded at the tray, "Cokes and snacks."

As she started up the stairs Travis stopped her, "Care to put your money where your mouth is?"

She stopped and looked down at the boy from halfway up the stairs, realizing they could see her under-boobs, "Sorry. I am not taking your money. You boys have fun."

Travis walked to the base of the stairs, "So, too much a pussy to wager perhaps something else?" He stared pointedly at her breasts as he suggestively untucked his shirt.

"Dude, let her go. Mom's not playing any strip games with us. Like I said before, no perving on my mom." Aaron said firmly.

Travis laughed, "I was kidding. It wouldn't be fair anyhow - you must be really rusty at your age." He turned and headed back to the couch.

"You little prick. If I were your mother, I'd put you over my knee," she laughed, "But I'll take your challenge." She looked down at her clothes, "But I'd better put on more layers." She indicated just the tee and shorts, "This is all I have."

Travis shook his head, "And this is all I have." He pulled his shorts down on the side indicating no underwear. "Let's see if you still have it, Mrs. T."

"Mom, don't do this. He's good, really good." Aaron said softly as she came down the stairs.

"Relax, muscle memory. I played this for years with my sisters and your dad." She looked like she had a thought, "And perhaps you should call me Julia since we seem to be crossing a line here." She looked at her son, "Let's draw for what pair plays first and since we don't have much to wager, every third loss cost an item of clothing. She looked at her son, Aaron, "If you're in, your shorts and underwear are one item." She decided this was going to be like taking candy from babies. She'd win, maintain her perceived modesty, send Travis home humiliated and looking down at the couch, perhaps get him a baby sister right here without needing any lubricant.

Aaron groaned but felt his cock throb in anticipation. He had no idea his mom could play any video games, but perhaps this would be fun.

They drew matches and Travis and Julia went first. Aaron now saw his mom was not lying. She was very good and soon had Travis on the ropes. OK, that and the distracting breasts bouncing out of the tee as she worked the console helped. They rotated games and match-ups and soon both boys had their shirts off and Julia had lost just one game.

Travis sat down and looked at his friend's mother, "Ok, you are good, but," he got up and pawed through the cassettes, "Have you ever played this one?" He held up an unopened came.

Julia got up, not unaware of the toned 18-year old bare torso, "No, never heard of it. Have you?" Seeing both boys shake their heads, she thought about it, "Let's play a few practice games first. Sure."

Grinning, the boy put the cassette in and found this was similar to another of the games. "Ok, I think it's you and Aaron," he said as he handed the console to the woman.
