 This is a true story that happened to me almost 5 years ago. I will try to make it as it happened. Hope you enjoy. 

***

I had been married to my husband for two years when this happened. I am Indian and had settled in Dubai since the marriage as my husband Ashok worked there. My own work was mostly freelance so I didn't have an office and worked from home or clients offices. My husband being the nice man he is, always was willing to help and when one of his friends from school asked for help finding a job, he was quite happy to sponsor the visa and let him stay at our place. I was happy to accommodate a friend. 

My husband and I are both quite fit and work out every other day. He looks quite remarkable even in his formal clothes, which I have to admit is definitely a turn on for me. I do have a dusky complexion and small c boobs and fairly large and dark nipples. I love to show off my legs and flat abs whenever I can but being Indian its not an easy thing to do. 

When Ashok's friend Shyam eventually showed up, I was slightly taken aback. He was as fit as my husband, but poorly dressed and badly groomed. Typical of someone who hadn't spent time away from his village, I thought. But he turned out to be a genuinely nice guy but had very weird views of the world and women in general. The first night we were having a couple of drinks after dinner, he told me that where he comes from women dont drink or swear or wear revealing clothes. For some reason that irked me and also slightly excited me. 

As the days went by I got more used to having a stranger in the house and we were getting to know each other, I realized Shyam wasnt as bad as i thought he was. I gave him some tips on grooming himself and he started to look better once he shaved regularly while attending interviews. One day I told Ashok that we should help him buy new clothes rather than let him wear over sized shirts. Since my husband was busy I even helped him pick out new clothes. While he was trying on clothes I saw that he had a nice body himself. Slightly larger than Ashok but very fit with only slight hint of fat around his body. I told him he could swim or work out with me if he preferred and shed those extra kilos. 

Next few days went by and one day Shyam asked me if he could work out with me. We went down to the pool and I stripped down to my bikini to swim and stepped into the shower. When i turned around I saw him staring. I asked him to put on his swimming trunks and shower quickly to avoid an awkward conversation. He hesitated and eventually took off his shorts and went under the shower. He had a bit of a bulge and I pretended not to see it as I dived in. After a couple of laps I saw him flail around in water. Technically he was swimming but it was quite awkward. Apparently he had self taught and didnt really know the knack of swimming in still water. However I didnt push and did my laps and got out of the water. 

When we got back to the house I went straight to the shower, dried myself and put on a tank top. I usually dont wear bras at home, but had worn them since Shyam was staying at the house. This time the force of old habit kicked in and I went to the kitchen and made myself a smoothie. When I sat down in the living room to watch some TV, he made his way to the couch as well and sat opposite to me. He kept stealing glances at my boobs and I looked down to see that my tank top was slightly see through and he could see my nipples! 

My first reaction was panic. I wanted to find something to cover myself but I was frozen. I didnt want to talk about it or make any mention of it so I composed myself, and got up to go to the bed room quietly as if I forgot something. I eventually got back to the couch after putting on a bra. He glanced at my chest and looked disappointed but didnt say anything. 

A couple of weeks later he got an offer and wanted all of us to celebrate. So three of us went out and we partied. It was kinda rare when my husband and I go out and get too drunk, but since this was a celebration we sort of let go. By midnight we were all quite drunk and decided to call it. When we got home my husband immediately went to the bathroom, cleaned himself up and announced that he is done and went to bed. I went to check in and make sure he is tucked in. I changed into a tank top but at this time I couldnt be bothered to put on a bra. 

When I came out Shyam was sitting on the dining table and nursing a drink in his hand. He had clearly had enough but was having some more. As he saw me his eyes was fixed on my boobs which I knew he could clearly see. Because of the alcohol instead of covering it up, I found myself asking him if he wanted to watch a movie. He agreed on the condition that I join him in one more drink. I agreed and let him pick the movie while I got myself a blanket and sat down on the couch. 

He played the movie and brought the drink. I asked him to sit down next to me, which he did. I was getting aroused and I didnt know if he could tell. I used the blanket to cover myself. After watching the movie for a bit he asked if he could use the blanket as well. I said okay. By this time we had finished two more drinks and I was really tipsy. I slowly rested my head on his shoulder pretending to be asleep before he adjusted himself so that I could lie down on his lap. 

My hand was resting on his thigh and I could feel his erection. I continued to pretend that I was asleep when he put his left arm on my shoulder and started stroking. He eventually grew bolder and started to move towards my boobs. I turned slightly to give him better access. He might have thought that I was out cold because he suddenly slipped his hand under my tank top and started fondling my boobs. I was breathing quickly. I could feel him lowering his pants while he exposed my boobs. I couldnt see but I felt he was looking at my boobs as he jerked off. It must have been a few mins and then i felt he was trying to get up. I opened my eyes a bit and saw that there was cum on the coffee table. He quietly cleaned up all of it and then tried to wake me up. When I wouldnt wake up he carried me to the bedroom and put me in bed next to my husband. 

To be continued...