 Warren was in the bedroom when he heard the garage door open. He smiled knowing that his wife Laura was back from work and they had the house to themselves. Their eighteen year old son, Justin, was out with his friends.

As she walked into the bedroom, Warren said, "Hey honey...looking very hot." She was wearing low rise dress pants that tightly hugged her delectable, bubble butt and tight, long sleeve top. She looked very elegant and sexy. He liked how her stylishly cut shoulder-length bob cut blonde hair framed her pretty face. Warren could not get enough of her svelte, 5'6" body. She is thirty-nine-year old and Warren is forty one.

Laura is a manager in the procurement department at a large firm. "You have logged off early today?" She asked with a smile. Warren worked from home as an IT consultant.

"Yeah...I was missing you." Warren hugged her from behind and gently grabbed her firm b-cup tits over her top.

"You are frisky today...where is Justin?" She asked with a bit of concern.

"Don't worry he is not home...I just love what you are wearing...love how sexy you look, how can the guys who work with you concentrate on work when they have a hottie like you around."

"Because they are not perverts like you." She said with a smile as her husband put his hand inside her top pulling down the bra cup and grabbed her breast. He pinched her sensitive nipple making her moan. 

"Come on...I know a hottie like you must be driving some of the guys around you crazy with desire...I bet they cannot keep their eyes off your hot body." He huskily whispered into her ears.

Laura closed her eyes as her husband kept playing with her breasts as she enjoyed his touch. What her husband was saying was true, a few guys at her work did like running their eyes over her. It was almost like they were undressing her with their eyes. 

Despite thinking that it was wrong of other guys to show interest in her knowing that she was married, she felt good when they showed desire for her. Couple of guys had even asked her out but she had politely declined pointing towards her wedding and engagement rings with a smile. 

But she enjoyed the attention, it stoked her ego. Especially from Scott. An older and ruggedly handsome and very charming man who is a senior sales manager. His attention was flattering. But she never encouraged him since she had no intention of messing around with another man.

"Why do you keep talking about other men checking me out?...wanting me?...does it not bother you that other men are hitting on your wife?" She asked while breathing hard.

"Oh it does...I am filled with jealousy but at the same time I am also filled with pride that my wife is so hot that other men cannot keep their eyes off your hot body...they want you." Warren's voice was filled with lust. He opened the button of her pants and shoved his other hand inside her pants and panties.

Laura moaned as Warren touched her clit and started rubbing it.. "Oh baby...you are so sexy..." Laura was really liking how lusty and passionate her husband had become recently. 

This lusty talk was result of what she had told him a few months ago about Scott asking her out. Initially he was very upset about it but at the same time he realized that it turned him on knowing that another man desired his wife. He started noticing more closely what his wife wore and imagined how other men would run their eyes over her, what they would notice. How they would notice her curves, her flat stomach, her firm b-cup tits, her flaring hips, round bubble butt, her long toned legs, her pretty face.

Despite his initial reaction of anger and jealousy, slowly he had also embraced the feeling of arousal he had felt. In fact his feelings of jealousy inflamed his arousal. She was his wife, she belonged to him but other men desired her. This whole thing had put a spark in their staid sex life. They had started roleplaying bedroom with Warren pretending to be another man seducing and bedding her. Laura was really enjoying all this amorous attention from her husband. This new found passion as if they were new lovers. However it made her apprehensive of it too.

Warren pushed her pants and panties down to her knees and forcefully bent her over the bed.

"Not like this honey...this is not right." She protested but her husky voice betrayed her excitement. Laura felt very undignified being bent over, taken from behind. For her that act was a complete submission of a woman for a man's pleasure. It was such a depraved position to present yourself so that a man could mate with the woman like an animal. Her intellect was completely disgusted by it and Warren knew about it.

But he was not going to be denied, he was going to take his wife any way he wanted. He had become so much more lusty and aggressive as his thought process evolved. Right now he was feeling anger and jealousy which were being balanced by an intense feeling of arousal.

Even though her intellect was disgusted, her pussy got more wet by her husband's actions. Her body was betraying her and getting aroused by being dominated and forced to bend over so that she could be fucked hard and rough like a hussy. Simply taken by a man for his pleasure.

"This is how I am going to take you...you need to fucked properly like this." He hissed at her as he held her down with one hand and took out hard cock with the other.

Taking his cock out, he just roughly shoved into her sopping wet pussy. His pelvis slapping onto her ass loudly.

Laura moaned and gasped loudly as her pussy was filled up. "Oh baby...baby...oh...oh." She got on her toes and pushed her ass back onto him.

"This is what you need don't you." He growled at her as he pulled his cock out and slammed right back into her. Warren started fucking her with hard savage thrusts. He was out of his mind with lust.

As he pounded into her, Laura moaned and groaned loudly. She just buried her face on her arms and just willingly accepted the hard fucking. Her whole body tingled as she completely capitulated to her baser sexual needs.

After intense pussy pounding of about five minutes, Laura started coming hard. She desperately clutched the bed sheets as her toes curled and she shrieked loudly. Her body convulsed and trembled uncontrollably.

Seeing his wife's intense orgasm, Warren is unable to hold back and ejaculated with a groan.

As the intense orgams subisided, Laura stood up she noticed that her panties and trousers were very wet. "Oh my god!...honey I think I peed" She said with an embarrassed tone.

"No honey...you just got very wet, seems like almost ejaculated." He smiled at her.

"Women ejaculate too?...I never knew that." She was perplexed.

"Oh yes women do too...especially when they have an intense orgasm...just like you did...it seemed you really enjoyed the sex sweetheart." She turned crimson hearing her husband.

**********

After cleaning up Laura changed into a cute summer dress which came down to her knees.

"So, you know when Justin will be back?" Laura asked.

"No...he didn't say...he went out with Russell." 

Hearing Russell's name she scowled slightly. She did not like Justin hanging out with Russell since she considered him to be a bad influence on her son. She did not like the way he dressed like a thug with sagging pants, shorts. However she did feel sympathetic for Russell that he was abandoned by his mother when he was a toddler. 

"I don't understand why Justin hangs out with Russell...he is a bad influence on him...I feel bad for Russell but still Justin should know better." She remarked.

"Honey you worry about it too much...we cannot decide for Justin who his friends should be...he will have to learn on his own what kind of company he should keep...but I think that kid is okay just a little bit rough around the edges considering what he has gone through in his life." Warren was not concerned.

"All I know is that he is not good for our son...but you are right that Justin will have to learn from his own experiences who his true friends are." Laura agreed. "So anything cooked for supper or we going out?"

"I will cook something or if you want we can go out."

"No I would prefer a home cooked meal...please can you cook something." She smiled at her husband.

Warren poured himself a scotch and wine for Laura as he contemplated what to cook.

"So how was your day today?" Warren asked

"It was good...kind of slow day for a change."

"Any new admirers?" He asked with a smile.

"Oh my god...you are just getting obsessed with my admirers...and No...no one asked me out." She responded with a giggle.

"Hey I am just concerned about my wife...and her admirers." He said with a laugh.

"What is going on inside your head?...you have never been the way you were earlier?" She was thinking about how Warren had fucked her.

"Did I hurt you? Was I too rough?" Warren asked with concern.

"No I am fine...it is just that you are acting different."

"Are you upset...about the way I had sex with you?" He asked apprehensively. "I know you don't like having sex that way...I was just so turned on, I just had to have you at that time."

"Yeah I do not...but it was okay." She shyly said. "I just wanted to talk about you acting different...you know all the frequent talk about other men hitting on me...being so lusty."

"Baby I really do not know what to say...ever since you told me about Scott hitting on you, asking you out...something just happened that I do not understand." He said in an unsure voice. "You know I was absolutely livid when you told me that he asked you out...he told you that it won't hurt me if I never find out but then I realized that I was also excited by the thought of another man wanting you, desiring you...you are so pretty, you have such a hot body...I just love how your blonde hair frames your pretty face, you dress so elegantly but also look so sexy, anything you wear looks good on you...I keep thinking about how other men see you, run their eyes over you...I wonder if they see what I see that how sexy and elegant my wife is...all these thoughts make me feel very insecure and jealous but at the same time fill me with pride and excites me...god I do not know what to think...it is very baffling to me...I know I am just repeating myself now...just rambling...do you think less of me because of all of this?" He was truly feeling lost. Just talking too much, babbling almost.

"No sweetheart...I will never think less of you, I understand you are confused by the conflicting thoughts...and I am too, I kind of like what it is doing it to us...we have been having sex everyday ever since I told you about Scott." She said shyly and it was very evident to her how bewildered her husband was by his own desires. 

"But at the same time it makes me feel uneasy...I just love you and never want to do anything to jeopardize our relationship." She expressed her apprehension.

"I know baby...I love you too...you know what we should just stop thinking about it too much and just enjoy what it is doing to us...it is very hot." He took her into his arms and kissed her. He moved his hands down over her body and grabbed her luscious butt cheeks, kneading them.

Feeling her husband's hard cock pressed into her abdomen, she hungrily kissed him back. She was surprised that her husband was hard again. She liked it.

Warren pulled up her summer dress and grabbed her half naked ass cheeks. She was wearing small tanga panties that left most of her ass bare.

"I just love these sexy panties that you wear...so hot baby." He lustily said to her and then turned her around, making her face the kitchen island. "Bend over...stick that ass out, it looks so hot encased in these small panties." She had started more sexier panties to please her husband.

"Oh...Warren...no honey." She whimpered. She resisted bending over and was completely shocked when suddenly Warren slapped her ass. This is something she had never expected from her husband. She had experienced something like this while in college when she had hooked up with a guy at a party. Her pussy released more moisture when her husband spanked her ass again.

Warren again slapped her ass making her yelp. "Bend over...stick that ass out, show it to me properly." He growled at her.

Her pussy tingled and she felt her secretions wetting the gusset of her panties as she reluctantly bent over the kitchen island. She was a lewd sight with her dress bunched around her waist and her long, creamy legs and delectable ass on display.

Warren's cock twitched seeing his lovely, elegant wife bent over like a hussy. Back arched, ass sticking out.

"Damn baby you are such a hot sight...I wish some of your admirers could see you this way." He said lustily and spanked her a few times and then caressed and kneaded her reddened ass cheeks.

"Spread your legs a bit." As she spread her legs, he cupped her pussy over the gusset. He was shocked to feel how wet the gusset of her panties were. "Nice...I just love it when you get this wet...I need to taste that hot wet pussy...I can smell your arousal honey."

Laura turned crimson hearing that. Warren pulled aside the panties and pulled apart her ass cheeks putting her puckered bunghole on display. She felt completely humiliated thinking what an obscene sight she must be.

"No honey don't do that." She whimpered.

Hearing her whimper Warren ran bent down and licked her spread open butt crack. Laura gasped loudly as a tingle went through her entire body.

"Don't do that baby...that is nasty." She protested weakly and at the same time pushed her ass back. Her baser instincts were again taking over her mind.

Warren then squatted down behind her licked her wet pussy lips. She shuffled her feet apart further and moaned. "Oooohh...unhhh...let's go to the bedroom...not here...Justin might come home?" Her mind again was making the effort to take control over the baser instincts.

"We will hear when the front door opens." Warren brushed aside her concerns as he concentrated on tasting her honeypot, eating her out hungrily. Laura moaned loudly and grabbed the sides of the kitchen island as pleasure sensations coursed through her body.

"Nooo...babyeee...no..no. listen honey a lot of times...he comes in through the interior door from garage ... into the kitchen." She protested weakly while panting hard. The carnal sensations were trying to completely take over her mind and she was having a hard time speaking.

But Warren wanted to have her right away, he stood up and took his hard cock out. He rubbed his bulbous cock head up and down her wet, swollen pussy lips. Laura whimpered in anticipation and her knuckles turned white as she tightened her grip on the sides of the kitchen island.

He filled up her pussy with one savage thrust. "Oh...Warren...baybee...aaah." She gasped loudly and moaned.

Suddenly they heard the knob of the side door rattle and right away knew that Justin was unlocking the door. Warren right away withdrew his hard, wet cock from his wife's pussy and shoved it inside his pants. Laura stood up and quickly straightened her dress but in her panic did not pull her panties back into place. She took the wine glass in her hand and tried to look casual standing next to the island but her face was flushed. Wanting to hide his erection, Warren just turned toward the stove.

With Justin were two of his friends, Russell and Brent. All three of them looked at the couple weirdly. They just knew that they had interrupted something.

"Hey mom...you are home early...dad are you cooking supper?...Russell and Brent will be eating here too." Justin acted nonchalant.

Without even turning Warren just said, "Sure...no problem."

"We will be in the basement playing video games." Justin said as he headed towards the basement and Brent followed him. "But we have to go out for a bit to pick up a game from the video game store."

Laura felt completely embarrassed. She also greeted the boys, trying her best to look normal.

"Phew...that was close...I should have listened to you...I just wanted you so bad, lost control...you okay?" Warren asked in a whisper after the boys left.

She was right on the edge of cumming when Warren pulled his cock out and her pussy was still tingling. She was very aroused and tightly clenched her thighs.

"I am fine...it's just that I was so close." Her tone was filled with longing. "The boys knew something was going on...the way they looked at us...it is so embarrassing." Saying that she pulled up her dress and fixed her panties. 

Warren groaned seeing that. "That is okay...these boys know that adults have sex that is how babies come...nothing to be ashamed about." He said lustily and pulled her into her arms. He kissed her lovingly. "You are the sexiest woman...the most beautiful woman I have ever known."

"Okay stop it now...I don't want any of the boys coming back here and seeing us getting amorous." She smiled, lightly admonished him. "You are such an ass kisser."

"Just telling you the truth...I know I left you hanging but I will take care of you tonight." He smiled at her and lovingly kissed her forehead. "I will check with the boys if I simply should order Pizza for them...I don't feel like cooking anymore."

**********

As he went down the basement stairs, Warren heard the boys talking, "Damn man your dad was trying to get some when we all burst in...did you see your mom's face she wanted it bad man...she is the hottest MILF ever." It was Brent who was talking. 

"Yep we definitely walked in when they were getting into it, thick and heavy." Russell laughed. "Man...your mama is such a hottie...the hottest MILF." Russell said.

"Shut up man...you are talking about my mom." Justin interjected. This was not the first time he was hearing his friends talk about his mom in sexual way. Once his group of male friends had taken a vote who was the hottest mother among their mothers and his mom was easily voted to be the hottest MILF.

Ever since that day his friends would make comments about his mother, sexual innuendos. Typically it would result in some smack talk, friendly shoving between Justin and his friends.If she had been someone else's mom, he would have been one of the boys making sexual innuendos. It seemed like a playful smack talk amongst adolescent boys. 

"Come on man...it ain't my fault that your mom is the hottest MILF...can't just keep my eyes off her hot body man." Russell said with a grin trying to irk Justin. "Don't tell me you never checked her out...those long creamy legs...you seen how her ass looks when she wears those short shorts...the tight yoga pants...fuck man a perfect tight bubble butt and those tight tops she wears showing off her firm titties...damn man she drives this nigga crazy with that tight shit."

"Dumbass...why don't you check out Brent's mom's big ass booty...I thought big booty like his mom's is what a nigga wants." Justin responded.

"Nah man...your mom's is much more fine." Brent snickered. "My mom is just a skank compared to yours." All three of them just burst out laughing.

"But you is right...my mom is fine." Saying that Justin grinned at his two friends.

"Damn right bro, she is fine." Russell winked mischievously.

Warren was unperturbed hearing the teenagers talking about his wife. It was just all a big joke for the boys and adolescent boys loved to talk crap. He had been a teenager once and had done similar things. He knew teenagers like to talk a lot of crap and get the hots for any woman who was hot. Warren himself in his teenage years used to run his eyes over the pretty looking mothers of his friends.

He went back up and then came down making a bit of noise so as not to embarrass the boys. "So I am thinking of ordering Pizza instead of cooking...you guys okay with that." Warren asked.
