 Walking into the shower room he saw her through the glass wall in the front of her. She was standing there with her back against the wall. Her legs were spread apart with her eyes closed and her head thrown back.

One hand was on the underside of her big fleshy breast with her fingers digging into it. Squeezing and releasing it made her pointed nipple move in and out. The other hand's palm rested on her mons with two fingers furiously attacking her clit below it. One finger holding the hood back and the other pushing in and out against it.

Her head flailed side to side when she released it and went lower plunging both fingers deeply through her dripping cunt lips into her. Smooth with no hair on her he was able to see them going in and out of her rapidly as her moans grew louder.

Gritting her teeth it looked like she was in agony. He stood watching her as his cock grew to its full eight inch length. Unable to watch her not reach the place she was trying to go to but couldn't get to he could stand it no longer.

She hadn't turned the water on yet so he opened the door and stepped into the four person stall. Her eyes flew open. Frozen in place unable to move a look of shock on her face at the sound of the door closing she stopped the frantic movements of her fingers.

He was the husband of her sister that was there visiting her after her divorce for the weekend. She went to speak but his finger went to her lips and pressed against them. "Shhh" was all he said.

Gripping her wrists and moving her hands to her sides she felt his erection pressing into her as he moved his body forward against hers. The hardened nipples on her breasts pressed into his muscular chest. 

His lips mashed into hers and their tongues did a dance. Her feeling of lust for his body had driven her to the shower. Her sister had kidded her about her husband having the hots for her. She had been sitting alone with him thinking about that when her sister left them alone to go and pick some things up at the store. Going to the shower to quell her lust filled thoughts she was seeking some relief from the heat and wetness between her legs.

When he released her wrists her arms went up over his shoulders and around his neck. His hands cupped her ass cheeks. Their kiss ended and she spoke with a broken throaty voice, "Mmmy sssisster?" "Hush" was his reply.

Lifting her easily with his powerful arms, her back against the wall, she felt the head of his cock going lower on her. A shudder of anticipation ran through her body when it touched her swollen lips.

Lowering her slightly he moved his pelvis up so that it started spreading and going through her tight moist lips. When the head was fully entrenched he lowered her quickly, almost dropping her, his whole cock entered her in a single thrust. He heard her cry out. "Fuuuck" was all she said before wrapping her legs around his hips and locking her ankles together.

His hands spreading her ass cheeks and supporting her allowed her to grind her pussy on his cock. Already near her peak the fullness inside her drove her wild. She pounded against him. With each thrust, her clit crashed into his pelvis over and over as his cock filled her cavity.

This wasn't making love. It was raw animalistic fucking and it was bringing her to the point of no return. When the explosion started deep inside her burning cunt started, the knot in her stomach tightened and her back tried to arch forward but couldn't because he was pressing her against the wall.

She sank her teeth into his shoulder as the feelings inside her started to overtake her. Her whole body shook when he pushed up hitting the entrance to her cervix and held it there. Hearing a scream from the other side of the wall her eyes flew open and she saw her sister standing there looking at them wide eyed as her hand moved up to cover her gaping mouth.

She was too far gone and couldn't stop the orgasmic contractions as they ravaged her body. All she could do was stare into her sister's eyes as they consumed her. Their clashing bodies unleashed a flood of cum from her vagina and an eruption from the lips of his cock. The noises of their wet sex hitting each other reached her sisters ears and she stumbled back against the counter.

When the both of them finished coming she collapsed in his arms her strength drained. He lowered himself out of her and her feet returned to the floor. He turned to face his wife with his arm around her back steadying her. Her legs were trembling and she was having trouble supporting herself. A puzzled look came to her face as they stood there. Her sister's shocked look turned into a smile. Her eyes went back and forth from him to her as she watched her sister strip and move into the stall. 

Her head swam and she felt like she was going to pass out when her sister punched his shoulder and shocked her when she heard her say, "Asshole, you were supposed to wait until I got back."