 Wife, cuckold. Voyeur.

It had been a beautiful wedding. I'd finally married the love of my life, my amazing Susie. Our families lived next to us so I'd known her from a child and it was inevitable. We became girlfriend and boyfriend through school and now we were both 20, the day had finally come. We'd had an amazing wedding and after spending a couple of hours at the reception, we'd been driven to the airport to our honeymoon at a luxury Mediterranean resort.

Not only was I about to spend the rest of my life with the one girl I'd ever loved, I was going to have sex for the first time tonight too. We were both virgins. That was Susie's choice - she wanted everything about our wedding to be perfect, and that meant wearing white without guilt. So I'd waited. We'd kissed and done some light petting, but I'd never seen Susie naked, nor even touched her breast through her clothes. I'm sure this sounds incredible, but it really was true.

I knew Susie very well, though. Probably better than anyone else, and I thought I knew her mood, her thoughts and her reactions. Which is why what happened at the airport was so unexpected. 

International flights require you to arrive very early then spend absolutely ages waiting. We'd both had time to change out of our wedding clothes at the reception, and were both dressed for the much warmer Med. After we checked in, we parked ourselves in the waiting lounge and I left Susie whilst I went off to find us some coffee. When I was returning with my caffeine prizes, I was shocked to see that Susie had a man sitting next to her, and they were facing each other simply staring into each other's eyes. As I say, I thought I knew Susie's reactions, but I'd never seen her stare at someone as raptly as she was now, and this man was meeting her stare equally. Susie's tongue slipped between her lips and licked them in a motion I found incredibly erotic. 

Feeling irritated, I carried on walking and stood in front of them. I had to cough quite hard to get any reaction from them, but as if they were waking from a trance, they both seemed to snap out of whatever it was and turned to face me. I passed Susie her coffee and looked questioningly at the man.

He suddenly smiled and stood up. "I'm sorry, I am intruding. I just saw this lady and..." As he looked towards her, again their eyes locked and after a few silent seconds, I had to cough again. 

He looked embarrassed and repeated, "Sorry..." before moving away. 

I sat down and asked Susie who that was. 

"No idea," she replied. "Our eyes just locked and... wow!" 

"Err, wow?" I asked, confused?

"I don't know," Susie continued. "As soon as our eyes met, it was as if the world stopped turning... Sorry, Love. Come, let's forget about it." and indeed, she returned to normal. We chatted about the wedding and the feelings of love and support our friends and families showed. We wondered if the party was still going."

Eventually the flight was called and we boarded the plane. I had the window seat and Susie took the aisle, and we settled ourselves in. 

I was still chatting to Susie when I realised she wasn't answering. I looked to me left to see she was staring again, and our mystery friend was sitting on the other side of the aisle. I hadn't seen him get on, but he was there. I touched her arm and she looked back at me, but kind of... looked right through me. Her eyes weren't really focused and she wasn't paying attention. She turned her eyes back to this man she found so fascinating and I just sighed, then tried to pay attention to the Stewardess who was explaining what to do in an emergency.

Once the flight reached cruising altitude, the "Seat belts" sign blinked off and there was a second of people relaxing around us as they settled in. I looked left and saw that Susie was still making eye contact with her friend, and she had a faint pink blush up her neck. I'd never seen that before. I guess I didn't really know her as well as I thought I did.

From my position, I could see the man opposite, and I saw him raise an eyebrow and nod his head towards the rear of the plane. Susie nodded almost imperceptivity and he rose and walked back and into the toilet at the back. No sooner had he slid the door closed than Susie also rose and walked back. Unbelievably she opened the same toilet door and went in as well!

I sat stunned as the "Engaged" light blinked on above the door. But it was me she had been engaged to, and had this very day married! I couldn't process this at all.

Airplanes are quite noisy, so I couldn't hear what was going on in there, but after about ten minutes, the light flicked off and the door opened. They both left at the same time, not seeming to care if other passengers saw them. He was tucking his shirt back into his trousers and pulling up his fly zip, whilst Susie's blouse was dishevelled and her skirt was on crooked. She followed him back and sat down next to me. 

To my relief, they didn't continue staring at each other, but Susie only briefly looked at me before closing her eyes and falling into a gentle sleep. I wanted to shake her, to scream and shout and demand to know why she had just joined the mile-high club with a stranger whilst her husband of a few hours sat 20 feet away! But I couldn't. I just couldn't.

After the flight, we lost track of the man as we went through customs and we hailed a taxi to our hotel. Our parents had jointly paid for our Honeymoon and we were given the bridal suite - a grand wood-panelled room with a giant four poster bed in it. The porter dropped our bags off and with a quite theatrical wink, said "I hope you had a good night, newlyweds!" before leaving us alone.

Now we were finally alone, I asked - in quite a neutral voice - what happened on the plane.

Susie turned to face me and said, quite matter of factly, "I don't quite know. That man... It's like we've known each other forever. There's some sort of connection that I was powerless to resist. When I joined him in the toilet... Well, you must know what happened in there. I'm sorry, Love, but I'm no longer a virgin."

I felt like someone had punched me in the stomach, but I decided instantly to be brave and forgive my true love. 

"I forgive you, Susie. I love you and will always love you. Will you let me undress you?"

She nodded, and stood there whilst I removed her clothes. I wasn't familiar with how ladies garments went on or off, so I was clumsy, but eventually I had removed everything but her earrings and stood back to look at her. 

And by Christ she was stunning. Okay, as a virgin I'm perhaps not qualified to make any comparisons, but I was certain she was the most beautiful woman alive. Blonde and athletic, with firm, high breasts jutting up like puppy noses. I quickly shucked my own clothes and stood in front of her too.

I moved forwards to kiss and hold her, to make her mine at last after all this waiting, but she held one small hand up to my chest to keep me from getting close.

"I'm really sorry," she said. "I know you've been very patient, but I'm really quite tired. Do you mind if we don't, tonight? It's been a long day and I'm sure I'll feel more like it tomorrow."

"But... It's our wedding night!" I said, as if this solved everything.

"Sorry." she said simply, and turned and got into bed, leaving me standing naked in the middle of the room, my erection slowly wilting.

Not much I could do, other than join her and watch her sleep alongside me. At least she was legally my wife, I reasoned. We'd be having sex all the time when she wasn't tired.

The next day, we went down to breakfast and unbelievably, that man was sitting in the hotel dining room!

Immediately they saw each other, they again locked eyes and the air between them fizzled. He slowly stood up and walked towards us. Ignoring me completely, he took Susie's hand and led her, unprotestingly, back the way we'd come. I followed them, confused as they walked back up towards the rooms. As they approached our honeymoon suite, Susie slowed him and, unlocking the door, led him inside. I tried to follow, but found the door softly shut in my face with them on the other side of it.

I leant against the door, pressing my forehead against its cool surface as I listened to the sounds of my childhood bride being fucked in my honeymoon bed.

The End