 This story, as is all stories, isn't written for everyone. If you enjoyed it, thank you very much and you're welcome. If not, thank you for visiting.

***** 

My dad goes to work early in the mornings. He was almost always home by three o'clock in the afternoon. About three or four days a week counting weekend days he worked on his boat. Not so many days that he would think it was strange that I went out in the back of the backyard when he did. He had this platform he climbed up on and there was a short length of railing on the boat that you could flip over so you could get on the deck. The railing piece was off at the moment so I could sand it for him.

He had to put one foot way up between the opening and grasp either side of the railing to get on the boat. He always wore very short cutoff jeans and a T and nothing on underneath and at that perfect moment, when he was busy getting on, his shorts opened up and I could look right up inside his shorts and watch him swinging around and flopping back and forth for just a moment or two. I've seen the head covered and uncovered and his balls and everything. Sometimes he was hanging right down on this side of his shorts, almost out. Once he was a little longer and I think I caught him in the process of going up or coming down.

As soon as he pushed with his other leg the opening disappeared and I looked at something else. Every now and then I could get on the platform while he was working on something on the deck with one knee down and get another look but that was mostly happenstance. Still, it was exciting just waiting. I brought him cool drinks and didn't linger so he didn't get suspicious. I haven't said anything to mom about it. Sometimes dad leaves the bathroom door cracked when he showers after working and I listen to him singing and washing. I could visualize him in the shower, washing and rinsing and rubbing and playing and all that.

I graduated from high school last summer, almost a year ago. I spend over four hours a day online for college credits and another three hours studying and another two researching and notebook work. I'm done online before dad gets home so we can spend more time together. He's a really good dad. I decided to have a short go at him so one day after I got my look up his shorts and he was onboard I said, "Dad, What do you think about me looking at nude men's butts?"

Dad kept working without answering then all of a sudden he broke out in really large laughs and sat down on his haunches and said, "Katie, what in the world are you talking about?"

"Well," I said. "I see you climbing around on the boat and you have a really nice butt. It isn't one of those big ones and it bobbles a little and it's a nice neat package. I like it. I was wondering what it looks like nude. If it's as cute out as it is in it would be quite a sight to see. I'm not asking you to nude your butt, Carter would show me his if I asked. I mean, I know some butt guys. I just wondered what you thought, you know, if that was disgusting or who cares?"

"I always thought I was a leg man," he said. "I guess I think about girl's butts now and then. If you want to be a butt girl have at it. I do a nice butt show. Ask your mom. She gets a better look than I do."

"I just might do that," I said. "So, you don't mind me watching your butt now and then just for fun?"

"Not at all," he said. "Besides, you have a nice butt yourself."

I smiled and headed back to the house. That went well. I waited a couple of days in case dad mentioned my butt thing to mom. It would give her time to mull it over and get used to my interest. I caught a chocolate chip cookie smell and went straight to the kitchen.

Eating a cookie I said, "Mom, what do you think about dad's butt? I think it's cute. Small, neat, shipshape and functional. I'd love to see it nude. I told him I liked it but I didn't ask if I could see it. I'd like to see it. Maybe I could catch him in the shower. He'd probably chase me all over the house."

"He mentioned something about it," she said. "How long have you been interested in your dad's butt?"

"I think it started a little after I started looking up his shorts," I said. "Sometimes right after he started on the boat."

Mom turned around and looked at me smiling. She said, "You've been looking up his shorts too? See anything?"

"Just a quick glimpse," I said. "Almost every time. Not enough to cause a massive reaction. He's never loaded for action or anything like that. Mostly looks like the pictures I've seen. I didn't mention that to dad. I thought it might conjure up the dad daughter thing so I figured maybe the butt."

Mom turned back around and was quiet for a minute or two, working on making cookies. She said, "He's nude when he washes. If you can catch him in the shower be sure he's facing away and he might let you take a look. Maybe let you wash it. If he lets you do that maybe you might let him wash yours while you're looking away. You'll have to be nude but he loves bare legs, especially the thighs. I won't tell him about you seeing him up his shorts. You two can work that out."

My mom makes the absolutely best cookies in the whole wide world. I'll bet she's even taken dad under her wing and taught him how to make really great cookies. There's something to be learned here.

My bathroom upstairs doesn't have a shower, just a tub, but it has those nozzles and they're fun. Mom and dad's bathroom has a big shower. I've showered there a number of times. Of course my tub has a shower head but I like the big one. I looked up from my notebook and saw mom going down the drive to the supermarket. I saw dad come in from working on the boat about five or six minutes ago. I quick ran to my bedroom upstairs and stripped and checked myself again. I was ready.

I waited in the upstairs bathroom until I could hear the water running and was downstairs in a flash waiting outside the bathroom. The door was cracked as usual and the lights were on bright. As soon as he started to sing I slipped in and took a look. He didn't see me.

I stepped back out and said, "Dad, turn towards the faucets."

He said, "What?"

I said, "Turn towards the faucets. Let me know when you have."

It was a moment and a little quietly he said, "Ok. I'm towards the faucets."

I went in and got in the shower behind him leaving enough room to get a really good look at his butt. The globes weren't large and they were a little hairy and his plumber's crack was very nice. Closed, but very nice. He had great thighs which I've seen a lot but with his butt nude it was a whole other image. Just thinking he was right there on the other side of his body hanging down, or maybe pointing up, was very real. I got a hip tilt out and I squeezed myself and opened my legs that little bit then caught myself and stopped.

This whole thing was so erotic all of a sudden it caught me flatfooted. Dad said, "Are you still there?"

"Yes," I said. "I thought I might could get a look at your nude butt. It's very nice. A little more erotic that I thought. I wasn't expecting how much. I guess I spaced out. Can I stand here a little bit while you're washing and watch it move around? I like that. Mom said you might let me wash it so could you think about that while you're working on your front. My fingers are great for washing and my nails aren't that long."

Dad's hand came back and almost got me about mid hip. He had a bar of soap. I took it and he moved back a couple of steps. I waited for him to stop and went forward and started soaping his lower waist. He opened his legs some. I was too close to see underneath but hopefully I had him up anyway. I worked down on each side and got both buns fully and a little on his sides. I kept doing his buns while I was looking down where his buns meshed together. My fingers started pushing soap over from his buns into the crack and my other fingers started washing right down in the crack.

If he wasn't up now he was missing a good chance. I was up from the moment I stepped in the shower. Nipples and clit. My breath was pumping my breasts up high. The soap was so smooth on his butt crack with the small hairs my finger slipped right down in and I let my middle finger slide all the way down and a little underneath and back letting my other fingers wash the insides of his crack. I kept that up so we both could get used to it. I didn't. I don't think he did either. His butt was moving around and when he shifted left or right they slid past each other just that little bit so I could feel him moving with my fingers down in. 

Once I got all the way under and touched his balls. The next time too. I did wash just the inside of his thighs up high on both sides but still only got to touch his balls lightly. My finger rippled over his butt button each time. I didn't push in. I wasn't sure guys liked that like most girls did.

I said, "Dad, you have one of the cleanest butts I've ever seen. I could keep washing but I thought you might like to wash mine. If you do just say so, don't turn around yet. Unless you have a lot more work to do on your front. I could reach around and wash your chest and nipples while you're busy, if you're up for it."

Dad was being messed with and he knew it. I saw him shake his head left and right slowly a couple of times. He said, "Washing your butt sounds like something I could do. Let's give that a try."

"Ok," I said. "Hold on a moment." I turned around and moved a good step forward and said, "Ok. I turned around. You back up slowly until we meet then you'll have where I'm at figured out. Then you can turn around and get started."

The water was making some noise but I sensed him close then our butts meshed. What a fantastic feeling. Bare wet flesh for real. Then he moved away and, I guess, turned around. I opened my legs, a little more than he did before. Dad and I were about the same height and my butt was about the same size as his, maybe a couple of inches bigger. He worked harder. He must have tilted left or right, the shower got right on my back and ran down then it mostly stopped. A hand rubbed soap all over my buns then right down my butt crack.

Dad has experience doing this with mom. He wasn't all that shy at all about it. He got a finger on my butt button and it got down and up under and across the very bottom of my ridges. Dad was messin with me. He certainly earned it. I had my eyes closed and mouth open for air and my hands together up between my breasts. I didn't know what to do with them. When he was over on my buns I very slowly tilted my bottom back and up hoping the next time he went down he would be up higher on my ridges. Maybe an inch or so. He started down my crack and under and there he was, up the side of my ridge on my left and across, dipping in a little before he got to the other one. He did this thing with my butt button every time he was on it. It really got me going.

I could reach right back and grab his dick. I said, "I feel this honesty thing coming on. I don't know why. Ever since you started working on your boat I've been looking up your shorts when you get on. They open right up and I get a great view. Every time. Since you started. Good views. Lots of action. I very much enjoy that. Please don't change anything, it would devastate me. I'd have to start asking Carter and it wouldn't be the same. I told mom so I don't think she minds."

Dad stopped washing my butt. He was through anyway. It was super clean. He said, "Close your eyes and don't open them until I say so, no matter what."

I closed my eyes and waited. Dad turned me around and put his arms around my waist and on my buns. I put my mine around his neck and he kissed me and rubbed my buns and his dick was hard and all over in my valley. He was moving his hips so it moved around. I can't tell you all the places it landed but I don't think it missed anywhere. He reached down and pulled it up and got in close and kissed me some more. My tits and nipples were all over his chest and my ridges got splayed over his dick somewhere. Finally he stopped and turned me back around.

He said, "Ok, I'm facing away. Rinse off and let me know when you leave and I'll finish up. Katie, thank you very much. That was very nice of you."

I rinsed and kissed him on the back and left and let him know. I dried off and got dressed and got back to my notebook and studies. Mom came back with groceries and I helped unload and I saw her stop and look at the wet footprints going towards the stairs. I concentrated on my notebook. I forgot about wet footprints. I was going to tell her anyway.

Dad hasn't mentioned the shower and I haven't either. I got an extra good look up his shorts this afternoon. Mom and I were in the same room so I said, "I washed his butt and he washed mine. It is a neat butt. I told dad about me looking up his shorts. I got to look today so he isn't changing. I was really hoping he wouldn't. Mom, he turned me around in the shower and put his arms around my waist on my buns and I got around his neck and he kissed me and you know what the rest was like with us nude and wet and soapy. I had my eyes closed the whole time."

"Yes, I do," she said. "I guess my suggestion worked out. What are you going to do now?"

"I'm not trying to escalate things because I'm a daughter and I don't really know what you or him think about all of this and I'm not trying to find out. It was a lot more erotic than I thought it would be. I was so on a high he could have had me all he wanted. He probably knows that. Anyway, I get to see up his shorts and I thought he might like to see up mine. I would have to get some shorts for that and practice with a mirror or something. I would definitely need some comments from you before. Sometimes I can see him with the top covered and sometimes uncovered so I guess he should get about the same. I may be going too far with this."

"Does it feel like you're going too far?" She said.

"Mom," I said. "I'm so inexperienced my opinion can't be all that valuable but I like everything. It's exciting and I'm seeing and doing things and it doesn't seem to be causing a problem. I'm counting on you to let me know if it does. Causing a problem is my biggest worry. Other than that, wow."

"Thin white shorts that you can't fully see through," she said. "They'll let light through. No pants. Very narrow crotch and the kind where half your buns show. They should open right up when you lift a knee. You can always slide them around your waist a little just before so they open on the side you want. Be a little awkward and slow so he gets a good look. If he starts to get hard he got a good look. If you wet your shorts all the better." Mom gave me a peck on the forehead and left me blinking at the wall.

I got a pair that showed a little dark when wet but they were still whitish. They didn't go down in my butt crack but across. I wanted them loose but not stretchable. That way they would pull open. I didn't try them out on Carter. We were going out a couple of times a week. We fooled around but nothing that intimate. My breasts got massaged but he was staying out of my pants. Every now and then I ran a finger across him so he got hard. He liked that and didn't need to go further. I think he got some sexual excitement from his sister. I don't know how much but he's mentioned a few things.

The next boat time I said, "Dad. Let me go first. You watch and let me know how I do."

I got on the platform and lifted my right foot way up between the open railing and turned and said, "How's this, look good?"

Dad was looking right up my shorts. It was very breezy up my shorts. He said, "Looks great to me Katie."

I got my leg back down and said, "I forgot. Mom said to swivel the top around my waist and it would be better."

I turned my shorts and got a foot back up on the edge of the boat and looked back at dad. He was looking right up my shorts. He said, "I don't think it gets any better than that, Katie."

I pulled myself aboard. I said, "It really is good exercise but every now and then it would probably be a good idea if you gave me a hand."

Dad and I continued on that way for a few days. He was mostly hard but slowly seemed to calm down and get used to my lady parts. I never got used to his man parts. We were seeing each other but not actually touching each other, other than our butts and the kiss thing. Sometimes my fingertips would move when I was thinking about dad and I knew they were trying to feel him up. I thought maybe mom could help with that.

I found her in the day room. I said, "Mom. I was wondering if you would care to chaperone me and dad. I mean in bed. I know it'll be backbreaking embarrassing but I thought maybe I could catch you two in the shocking throes of passion. I could wear skimpy stuff and help. I wouldn't mind you or dad playing with my lady parts."

Mom said, "Katie, what's your limit? How far do you want to go?"

I looked at mom but I couldn't say anything. She looked at me and finally smiled and said, "I understand. Let me talk with Patrick. Try and put it out of your mind." 

Fat chance of that. Mom had a point. What I really wanted is for mom to give me some orgasms like a woman can. That way I would get used to the whole thing with another whole person. I did offer my lady parts but I wasn't that specific. That would have to do for the moment. I was having so much fun and a chance of being in bed with mom and dad was way over the top. I was secretly ecstatic they were both having fun with me. I really didn't want Carter to get my cherry. I thought a stranger at a party would be the best way but if mom and dad would want it I was more than ready but nervous enough to pee.

About the middle of the week dad and I were heading out to the boat again. We fell into an alternating routine of getting on the boat. Him then me and like that. It was my time. By now I perfected swiveling my shorts around a little so they would open up the maximum amount and pull way to the right towards my thigh while pulling up my left bun more. Dad had almost half a nude middle to enjoy and I knew I opened up enough to pump blood. He moved right to the edge of the platform and looked up just as I lifted my foot way up.

Dad said, "Oh. Mom mentioned you might like to catch us in bed. It's just normal stuff for us but with you there I think she wants to make a big thing out of it."

I stopped getting on the boat and left my foot on the edge of the deck and turned my head over and down to dad. At the same time I walked my left foot around and out and smiled. His eyes were up my shorts. 

"Great," I said. "I thought with your experience we might could have some fun with each other, maybe teach me a few things. See where things go and I would love to kiss you like you kissed me in the shower. Without the soap and I guess mostly dry. I thought mom could chaperone and we might could do whatever she was good with. Dad, my leg is tight. Could you get up and lift me?"

Dad got up on the platform behind me and got his palms down on my lower buns with his fingers in my crotch inside my shorts, right on. I think a finger or two got on my vagina entrance and one on my clit. He didn't linger. He lifted and I was on the boat. He smiled and got on but I missed getting to look up his shorts. I finished sanding the railing piece and he set it aside to seal. He wrapped it in plastic wrap to keep it from absorbing moisture.

Mom said she would be ready about 8:30 so way later I got ready and checked everything and went down to their bedroom. I figured there wasn't much of me left he hasn't had a chance to sample so I left myself nude. Mom was sitting up in bed cross legged. She didn't have anything on either. Their side lights were such that they spread light out wide on the bed surface but didn't project much to the ceiling. It wasn't in your eyes sitting up but a book or magazine was brightly lit. Nude parts too.
