 "Are you sure?"

"It's the least I can do."

And I meant it. Mother wanted me to look after my Sister for a couple of weeks, while she went away on business. 

I was the rebel Son who had left home at eighteen, and hadn't returned until I was twenty four. I was into drugs and petty crime. It took a good woman to sort me out. We met while I was drifting, and we stayed together for two years. We split up a month ago. It was amicable, and Cher's parting words were. 

"You should get back in touch with your family. Go see them." 

I had lost count of the number of times she had said that to me before, and I had always replied, "I'll think about it," but this time I did more than that. 

I had been sick to my stomach when I knocked on the door. However, I needn't have worried, my Mother welcomed me back with open arms. There was a lot of crying, from both of us, but some laughter as well. 

We talked until the early hours, catching up on what had happened in the missing years. I learnt that she was still single. There had been some men, but none of them long term. I was sad about that, but the most distressing news was about my Sister. Lucy was twelve when I disappeared. She was a cute kid, full of life, and with no health issues. Six months later that changed, when she started having problems with her eyes. The diagnosis was a rare degenerative condition. She was now blind.

When I had returned, Lucy wasn't at home. She was staying with a friend. Mother didn't call her, instead she picked her up the next day and brought her back. Only telling her that I had returned when she was pulling up outside the house. 

Coming back home had been the right thing to do, but I was now consumed with guilt. I hadn't realised what I had put my Mother and Sister through. Sending them the occasional letter telling them that I was OK was never going to stop them worrying. Looking after Lucy, while my Mother went away, wasn't going to be a big deal, but it would make me feel a little better.

I had readily agreed, but would my Sister be happy with the arrangement? She might be blind, but what I had discovered about her was that she was fiercely independent. What I was doing was more to reassure Mother, rather than providing practical help for my Sister.

"It might be better if you tell Lucy that I will be around to keep her company, rather than because she needs me."

"Good idea," then she gave me a stern look, before saying, "But don't leave her alone for too long."

I hung my head, then I said in a childish voice, "Yes Mummy."

That made her laugh.

For the next few days, until it was time for her to leave, Mother took every opportunity to give me advice about what Lucy would need from me. It was getting repetitive, and I was struggling not to argue with her, but I kept my mouth shut.

I waved to her as she drove off, then I gave a deep sigh. I could now relax. Mother was on her way, and I was now alone with my Sister.

I was now in the living room, slumped into a chair, with my feet on the coffee table. A minute later Lucy joined me.

"I thought she would never leave," then she laughed, before making her way towards the chair opposite me.

I just smiled, Mother had been hard work.

"Has she given you a list of all the things you need to do for your little Sister?"

I could tell that she was mocking me.

I gave her a curt, "No."

That made her giggle. She had got me riled up, and she knew it. She then put her headphones on. As she listened to her favourite music, I just sat there, watching her.

When I had left home, Lucy was still a child, but when I returned she was a woman. I found that unsettling. That skinny kid, with bunches in her hair, had blossomed. She now had a curvy body, with breasts that were very easy on the eye. They weren't huge ones, that teenage boys would drool over, but they also weren't small. They were a nice size, and they were pear shaped. Just how I like them.

I had now been back home for just over three weeks, and it had taken most of that time for me and my Sister to be at ease with one another. These next two weeks, with Mother being away, would give us the opportunity to get even closer.

Lucy was obviously enjoying the music, because she kept swaying her head. It was pleasant for me as well, seeing my Sister happy, but it was also disconcerting. When she moved her head, her breasts jiggled. I didn't want to get aroused, but I just couldn't help it, my cock had a mind of its own. 

It took me a couple of minutes to get back into control. I kept telling myself, 'Yes she is attractive, but remember she is also your Sister.' It was now working, the blood was draining from my cock. It was now almost limp, then she spoilt it my moving in her chair.

There was now a gap between two of the buttons of her blouse. It was quite a large gap, then I realised the middle button was undone. I should have told her, but instead I bent my head so that I could get a better look. I couldn't see much, mostly some of her white bra, but my cock responded as if she was topless.

What was making this worse, was the fact that my Sister was blind. It meant that I could look at her wherever I wanted, and for as long as I wanted. If she had been sighted, I would have only dared look for a few seconds. 

As I stared at her tits, I tried to justify my actions, 'She doesn't know what I am doing, so there is no harm in it'. I knew my reasoning was dubious, but eventually I managed to convince myself enough that I decided to take it further.

I was now rubbing my cock through my jeans. I would just do it for a while, then I would stop. After five minutes it was decision time. Anymore and I wouldn't be able to stop even if I wanted to. Then my Sister helped me out, by moving again so that the gap closed. My hands were now to my side. I felt righteous. I even convinced myself that I would have stopped even if that tantalising view of her tits had remained.

However, a few second later I was tested again, but this time there was no debate. I knew exactly what I was going to do. Lucy had crossed one leg over the other, revealing a lot of leg, and most of her knickers. My only concern now was if she would keep that position long enough so that I could climax.

As I eased the zip down, I just prayed that it wouldn't make too much noise. To my ears it sounded loud, but it was probably only barely audible. There was no way Lucy would have heard it over her music, but it still worried me.

My cock was now out, and it was rock hard. It's not a monster, but it's a decent size, seven inches. It's actually six and a half, but you always round up! 

I had only just started stroking it, when she started moving again. My heart sank, but then I smiled. I now had an even better view. I could see her white knickers stretched across a plump cunt. They were of a thin material, and I could make out the shadow of her pubic hair, and there looked to be a lot of it. I could also make out some interesting shapes. I love large labia, and it looked as if my Sister had them. 

After two or three minutes, my hand was sticky with precome, and I could feel my balls tightening. I was almost there, then I saw my Sister move her hand. As she moved it up her leg I had to stifle a gasp. I thought she was going to finger herself in front of me, but she just wanted to scratch her thigh. However, just the thought of her pleasuring herself, while I watched, was enough to take me over the edge.

I had to bite on my lip as I climaxed. When I had finished, the excitement turned to guilt. What had I just done? 

I waited a few minutes before getting up from the chair. My Sister didn't even notice me leaving the room. In my bedroom I looked at my jeans and T-shirt, they were a mess. After showering, and wearing clean clothes, I was feeling less guilty. By the end of the day I had rationalised it, it was no big deal. I was now even looking forward to the next time.

The next morning I made breakfast for both of us. We ate together at the kitchen table.

"So why did you split with Cher?"

I had to finish a mouthful of food before I could speak.

"It had just run its course. It was time for both of us to move on."

"So what about you, are you seeing anybody?"

From the way she flinched when I had asked, I knew I had hit a nerve. I wasn't sure if I should apologise, but I decided it might be best if I just let her answer.

"No, it's difficult for me. I don't like going out, so I never really meet anybody."

"Are you shy, or just nervous?"

"No. It's just that for some reason, being blind attracts the wrong men."

"What do you mean?"

"For some men, it's something they can tick off their list. Mother and Daughter, twins, a blind woman. So once they have had me, they lose interest."

That made me angry.

"The ones that are the worst though, are those that think they can just touch you up anytime they want, because you can't see."

And that shocked me.

"What do they do?"

"Give me your hand."

I did, and she held it. I thought she wanted it for support, but it was to demonstrate. Still holding my hand, she moved it upwards from her waist to her shoulder. On its way up she positioned my hand so that it followed the contour of her breasts. I even got a brief feel of her nipple.

"That's what they do. And they pretend nothing has happened."

What they did was wrong, but had they felt the same surge of excitement as I had when I had touched her tits?

I shook my head, then I felt silly, even now there were times when I still forgot she was blind.

"That's bad."

"But this is worse."

This time she stood up before moving my hand. I watched in amazement as she put it up her skirt. She even widened her legs so that it could go higher, only stopping inches from her most intimate place. She kept my hand there as she talked.

"When I tell them to take their hand out, they apologise, and say it was an accident."

I didn't know what to say. You might touch a woman's breasts by accident, but it's not accidental if you get your hand high up their dress.

"Some have even managed to touch me before I have been able to stop them."

I closed my eyes, and waited for her to move my hand higher. But I wasn't that lucky.

Fifteen minutes later I was back in my room. It then only took me five minutes to spurt into a tissue. It was quick, but it was good. And when I came, I called out my Sister's name.

For the next two days we were just Brother and Sister again. We spent a lot of time together, particularly in the evenings, but I was on my best behaviour. I still spent quite a lot of time admiring her body, but I kept my cock in my pants, and my hand away from it. I was even starting to pride myself on my self-control, that was until she took a bath.

I was passing the bathroom door when she called out.

"Is that you Justin?"

"No, you are being burgled."

"Very funny. I was just wondering, have you any plans for tomorrow?"

"No."

Then I moved closer to the door, so that I could hear better. As I did that, my shoulder touched it, and it started to open. By the time my hand was on the handle, it had opened at least a foot. 

"How about taking me out."

My mouth was now dry, and I was finding it difficult to speak, but eventually the words came out.

"Yes, where do you want to go to?"

"Let me think."

Through the gap in the door, I could see the concentration on her face, but it was her breasts that I was more interested in. She was sitting up in the bath, with her top half completely exposed. Her delicious pear shaped tits were facing me, and her prominent nipples looked as if they were begging to be sucked. When she started splashing water on them, and washing them with her hands, I nearly came in my pants.

"Shopping. You can take me shopping."

I muttered, "OK," then I waited as long as I dared, before closing the door and leaving.

The next day we went out together, and she was relentless. To say we visited every shop in town would be an exaggeration, but not by much. It was seven when we got back, and my feet were killing me. She had been the driving force, and I had been her eyes. She had even trusted me to pick some clothes out for her. 

We had eaten out, so we now had nothing to do but relax. I was trying to find something to watch on television, when Lucy entered the room.

"I need your advice on these."

I looked up, she was wearing a blouse and skirt that she had got while we were out. I was puzzled, she had tried them on in the shop, and I had said they looked good on her. That is why she had bought them.

"As I said before, they look good on you. Are you having second thoughts about them?"

She then laughed, before saying, "No, not the top and skirt, it's my underwear."

"But you didn't buy any."

"I did," then she smiled, before adding, "While you were away in the restroom. A nice shop assistant helped me to select them."

Then, without waiting for me to say anything else, she started to undress. It was done in a matter of fact way. She was only taking her clothes off so that her big Brother, that she trusted, could give his opinion on her new underwear.

"What do you think?"

They looked amazing on her, and my cock agreed with me. It was now straining to get out. I was going to try to take this seriously, and give her my honest opinion, but I was also going to take my time.

"I like the bra. It pushes them up nicely."

She giggled, before saying, "You mean it makes them look bigger."

"I guess it does."

"Mother always tells me I have nice breasts, but I sometimes think she will tell me anything to make me happy."

"That's what Mothers are for. However, as an expert, I must inform you that your tits are magnificent."

That made her giggle again, and she must have believed me because she was now smiling.

"It's a nice fit, very comfortable. I do like the material, it's so soft. Feel it."

I could tell it wasn't a come-on, so I did my best to touch the material, rather than her breasts. However, my fingers did linger on her more than was strictly necessary, and there was no reason why I had to touch it near the nipple, instead of at the side. 

"Yes, I love the feel of it."

"Good, now for my knickers. What is your opinion on them?"

They were quite skimpy, and they were tight on her. If she had been a girlfriend, rather than my Sister, I would have asked her to take them off so that I could have a better look at them, then I would have fucked her like crazy.

"They look good as well. Are they the same material?"

I then held my breath, waiting for her to ask me touch them. When she does, my fingers are going straight to where I think her clit is.

"Yes."

That was it, no invitation to touch her knickers. I would have to ask, but would she let me? There was only one way to find out. 

I tried to make it sound casual, as I said, "It looks different. Can I check it out?"

"OK."

There was no hesitation from her. She was so innocent, and I was taking advantage of her. I should have felt guilty, but instead all I felt was excitement as I put my hand between her legs.

I now had a small piece of her knickers between my finger and thumb, and I was rubbing it, as if to feel the material. But I was also pushing down onto a little lump, and unless I was mistaken, it was her clit.

"That's nice, very nice."

I kept my fingers there for twenty seconds, it might even have been longer. I only stopped when she stepped back. There was then an awkward silence, until she spoke.

"Thanks Justin, I trust your opinion."

Good, there was no annoyance or anger in her voice. However, she must have known that what I was doing was inappropriate. The fact that she hadn't stopped me earlier, told me that she had enjoyed it. I now knew that if I was careful, I could take this further, much further.

That night in bed, I imagined it was her hand on my cock. Then I closed my eyes, and my hand became her tight little cunt. When I climaxed it was one of my best. 

The next day I had to leave Lucy alone for a few hours, while I went looking for a job. Yesterday I had picked out a few construction sites, hopefully one of them would be hiring. I had no luck with any of them, except for the last one. However, it was only labouring, and it wasn't paying a great rate, but I wasn't in a position to be choosey, so I took it.

"You start next Monday at eight. Don't be late."

I shook his hand.

"And wear a suit and tie."

I blurted out, "I don't have one."

He then laughed so loud I thought he was going to choke. He had got me good and proper. I would get some ribbing from the workers next week because of what I had just said, but I didn't mind. I was a big boy, I could take it. 

When I got home I told Lucy about my new job, she was more excited about it than I was. I even got a big hug from her. As she squeezed me tight, I felt her breasts against my chest. I closed my eyes, savouring the moment. When she eventually released me my cock was almost fully erect. She must have noticed it pressing against her.

It was her turn to cook the evening meal. I sat in the kitchen watching her do it, fascinated by how good she was at it, despite being blind. She didn't really need me to babysit her, she was an independent woman. I was only looking after her to keep Mother happy.

"That was delicious."

"Glad you liked it. You can now clean the kitchen while I take a bath."

It only took me fifteen minutes, but I stayed in the kitchen for another five. I wanted to make sure my Sister was ready before I went upstairs. I was going to talk to her again while she was in the bath, and if the door was closed, I was going to open it.

As I stood outside, I could hear her singing. I was surprised at how good she sounded, I didn't realise she had such a nice voice.

"Hi Sis, are you OK?"

"Yes."

I then pushed against the door, but it wouldn't move.

"I was thinking, what about going out tomorrow?"

I turned the handle, and pushed again. It didn't budge, then I realised it was locked.

"Sounds good. It's my turn to decide where we are going. Let me think about it."

"OK."

It wasn't her turn, but I let it go. I was just so disappointed. I had wanted to see her naked tits again, and perhaps even get a brief look at what was between her legs as she got out of the bath. 

As I sat in the living room, I thought about my Sister. I was becoming obsessed with her. I might only be twenty four, but there had already been a lot of women in my life. I have been told quite a few times that I am good looking, and I am vain enough to believe them. I have used my good looks, and charm, to get most of them into bed. So why was Lucy making me act like a schoolboy? Just a brief glimpse of her naked flesh was enough to make me drool. I was still thinking about her when she entered the room.

It's a good job she couldn't see my reaction, because I was staring at her, and my mouth was wide open with shock. She was wearing a nightie, and it was short, very short. I watched her as she made her way to the chair. When she sat down she crossed her legs. I could tell, by the way her breasts had jiggled when she had moved, that she wasn't wearing a bra. I wasn't certain, but it looked as if she didn't have any knickers on either.

"I have decided."

"What?"

She giggled, before saying, "Have you forgotten, about what we should do tomorrow?"

I had, but after seeing her now in her nightie, I knew what I would like to do. I would spend all day in bed with her, and by the end of the day I would be exhausted, and she would have been fucked in every position I could think of.

"No. So what do you want to do?"

"Shopping," then she giggled again.

I gave her my best fake groan, and that made her laugh. Shopping was worse than staying at home, but if that's what she wanted, then that's what we would do. At this moment in time, I would agree to anything, just to keep her sweet.
