 Author notes. A very sincere thank you for editors Bumblecat and jrsmale. Writing is hard work and without their help and encouragement I never would have finished this story. I appreciate any reader comments, good or bad.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Don just could not get these thoughts out of his mind, try as he might. He wanted to see his beautiful wife Katy with another man! Don and Katy had been married 17 years and both were approaching their 40th birthdays. Katy looked much closer to 30 than 40, and with her still smoking hot body she could probably pass for being in her 20's. Katy had luscious and full D cup tits, which somehow retained their perfect shape despite her being the mother of three children. Her long shapely legs, shoulder-length dark brown hair, perfect olive skin tone, stunning smile, and beautiful tan lines made her what many would call a trophy wife. However, Katy was very shy and rarely dressed to flaunt or attract attention. She was perfectly content being a housewife and loving mom and was very quiet in most group situations. 

Don always wanted Katy to open up sexually. He had a thing for a cleanly shaved pussy, but when he asked her to shave, she refused, saying, "Only club strippers are shaved." 

Don tried playing some games in the bedroom, suggesting that each of them pretend to be a famous actor or actress and they role play a sex scene. No matter how hard he tried, Katy did not even like simple role playing with anyone else being suggested and she always resisted. He tried suggesting that she wear more revealing dresses and flirt a bit at parties, but Katy always refused. Even dressed in the most conservative attire she still attracted plenty of attention from guys, but she would never engage in any conversations with men unless it was part of a group discussion. 

Don realized he was going to have to push the issue more aggressively and he told his wife of his fantasy. Katy was stunned and hurt. She stormed out of their bedroom slamming the door loudly, with tears and anger over her husband's suggestion that she should be with another man. 

Don sat on the bed for a few moments thinking about the situation when Katy opened the door and came back in. "I don't know what is wrong with you" Katy said angrily. "I have absolutely no interest in this sick fantasy of yours. Do not ever ask me for that again! Never!" 

Over the next several weeks, Don persisted with this, softly confessing to Katy that he could not get the fantasy out of his mind. She dug in with her position, even suggesting counseling sessions to help him forget about his fantasy. Don realized she was never going to agree to this, but the fantasy would not go away. His mind never stopped thinking about ways he could set it up. 

Then a phone call came from Don's old college roommate Doug, who was coming to town for a business conference. Doug had a successful business, but somehow had never got married. He had a few serious long-term girlfriends over the years but just had never taken the step to get married. Doug worked out all the time and kept himself in great shape, and never had any problems attracting female companionship. Although they had fallen out of close contact for several years, Don still considered him a good friend and saw this as a golden opportunity.

"If Don insists so much that you date another man, why don't you go for it?" Katy's friend Patty said enthusiastically. Katy sipped her coffee while soaking in the words from Patty. She immediately regretted telling Patty about her problems with Don. She tried to change the subject, but Patty would not let it go, even saying she wished her husband gave her that opportunity. Katy's only thoughts were that she would never again open up to Patty on problems like this. 

"Listen Katy, this is a once in a lifetime chance," Patty said as they were departing from their morning coffee. "I'm getting worked up and wet just thinking about it. What a great opportunity! You are so lucky, now don't blow this chance!" Katy was wondering if this might be the beginning of the end of her relationship with Patty, as they were so far apart on the issue.

The more Don thought about it, the more he realized Doug was his best chance. Katy had met Doug years ago, and he remembered her asking why a handsome man like Doug never married. Don decided he would push the issue that night after the kids were in bed. 

"Honey, this is just one date. I would just like you to dress sexy and have one dinner date with Doug. Let me have this one fantasy, please honey. You can wear that short blue mini skirt that you never want to wear," Don coaxed. 

"There is no way I am going out alone with another man in that dress or any other dress," Katy said angrily. 

Don persisted and asked, "What if I go with you? It would be the three of us going to dinner. Would you wear the blue mini dress then?" 

Katy angrily walked out, and they did not talk for the rest of the night.

Over the next few days, Don continued to press her on the subject. Katy finally decided that the only way to end this was for her to go out for dinner with Don and Doug. Katy insisted that it would be the three of them for just dinner, only as friends, and she reluctantly agreed to wear the dress Don wanted. 

Don called Doug to let him in on his fantasy. "Doug, I know this sounds crazy. It is just a fantasy I have of Katy being with another man. I know she thinks you are attractive, but she will need a lot of coaxing. I would never want her forced into anything, but with a few drinks and dancing, maybe, just maybe, you might be able to loosen her up and get things moving." 

Doug wasn't so sure, but one thing he knew was that Katy was hot! He had lusted after her from the first time he met her years ago at their wedding. "Are you absolutely sure you want this?" Doug asked. "I would really hate to have this ruin our friendship or your marriage."

"I have thought about this for a long time, and I am absolutely sure about this" Don insisted. The date night was set for the following Friday.

Katy nervously fidgeted as they drove to the restaurant to meet Doug. It was a quiet nightclub with a small jazz band in the back, and a romantic dining area in the front. Don chose this place because he knew Katy loved to dance, and he hoped that he could get Doug and Katy slow dancing to break the ice. 

"This is a one-time dinner as friends only, nothing more," Katy said firmly to Don as they pulled in to park their car. "After this dinner, I never want to hear you bring this subject up again."

They saw Doug, who was already at the table and walked over to meet him. Doug was speechless as he saw Katy. He could not keep his eyes off her long shapely legs and the plunging neckline of her dress, which exposed so much of her creamy D cup tits. Her red lipstick perfectly accented her olive skin and dark brunette hair. Doug could not believe his luck at being asked to seduce such a beautiful woman. 

Don waited until they ordered dinner to make his move. He knew he would cause a lot of angst with Katy, but he thought if she knew dinner was ordered and being prepared, she would have some pressure to stay. Immediately after they ordered dinner, Don excused himself to go to the men's room. He caught up with the waiter and canceled his order saying it would only be the two of them for dinner. He slipped the waiter a generous tip, giving him an envelope with a note he wrote earlier in the week while making his plan. He asked the waiter to wait five minutes before bringing the note back to the table. 

Katy suddenly realized she hadn't asked Don what he had told Doug about tonight. Panic set in when she started to wonder if Don told Doug about his sick fantasy. She was nervous at the table with so much of her breasts showing. While Doug was a gentleman making light conversation, she caught him stealing several glances at her breasts. She did not like wearing a revealing dress of such thin material, and she wondered if her nipples were showing through the lightweight material. These thoughts were interrupted by the waiter returning to the table with the envelope. Katy's heart dropped when she read the note.

"Honey please don't be mad at me. I am going home so you can have dinner alone with Doug. I canceled my dinner order so it will just be a nice dinner with the two of you. You know I wish it were more than dinner, but I would never force you into something that you do not want to do. Please enjoy the date, and I will see you at home later tonight."

Katy started to cry as she read the note a second time. Doug felt a wave of sympathy come over him and reached out to hold Katy's hand. "Katy, I know what Don wants. He told me all about it. I promise you that nothing will happen on this date. I think you are one of the most beautiful women I have ever met, and I would love to have our date be a lot more then friends. But I can see how much this bothers you. Let's just have dinner. I promise you that this is just a dinner date as friends, okay?"

Katy went through stages of panic when reading the note, then tears, and then anger at Don for putting her in this situation. She wanted to leave, but she did not want to even see her husband while she was so angry. She thanked Doug for being so understanding, and she thought about what she was going to say to Don when she got home. Over the dinner Doug was the perfect gentleman offering all the compassion he could. Gradually their conversation moved on to lighter subjects, and by the time dinner was over Doug even had Katy laughing a few times. 

They had a few more drinks, and Katy asked Doug why he never married. His answer stunned Katy. "I guess I just have not found the right woman. You don't have a twin sister hiding anywhere, do you?" Doug went on and said, "I hope that does not break the friends-only date promise, but I am being honest. Nobody I have ever dated would come close to you."

The jazz band began playing, and Doug asked Katy if she would like to dance. Katy hesitated, still flush with embarrassment from his comments. 

Doug was quick to say, "Come on, friends can dance." 

Katy deliberated for a moment but then thought that Doug was right, "friends can certainly dance without any complications." 

They went on the dance floor, and Doug could not keep his eyes off Katy. He kept his distance other than at times holding hands during a spin move. When Katy spun around her already short dress fluttered up almost all the way to her panties, and Doug was lusting at the view of her perfect legs. Katy loved to dance, and she was getting more comfortable and starting to really enjoy herself. 

As a slow, mellow song came on, Doug asked, "Can we have one slow dance?" 

Katy paused for a moment, but she just loved the song and before she knew it, she was putting her arms around Doug as their bodies came together. Katy held her distance, but gradually started to relax and their bodies slowly came a little closer together. His body showed the results of all the hours in the gym, and Katy could not help but notice how firm his biceps and shoulders felt. As the song continued, they slowly came even closer together, and Katy realized she really liked being in Doug's arms. The band rolled into a second slow song, and Katy did not even flinch when Doug said, "Let's keep dancing." By the end of the second song, they were tightly pressed together. Doug loved every second as he nuzzled against the nape of Katy's neck and whispered how good she smelled.

The band announced they were going to take a break, and Katy involuntarily said "darn" as she really wanted another dance. Katy was immediately embarrassed and upset with herself for letting her emotions out and saying 'darn.' 

"Wait right here," Doug said and quickly hustled over to the band. 

Katy saw him taking out his wallet, and after a few minutes Doug came back with a big smile. 

"What's going on?" Katy asked. 

"I persuaded them to play a few more slow songs" said Doug. 

Katy was so surprised; it was such a romantic moment for her. 

"How much did you tip them?" she asked. 

"Best 50 bucks I ever spent," said Doug as he put his arms back around Katy and the music began to play. Katy's mind was racing; she was being held so close by Doug, and it felt so good. She realized she was starting to fight urges to make this more than a friends-only date.

As the next song began, Doug whispered into Katy's ear, "I promised you nothing would happen on this date, and nothing will. But I just love dancing with you." 

Katy held Doug tight, and she could feel her body respond, her nipples hardening and her pussy juices starting to flow. 

"Katy, would we be breaking the rules if I gave you a kiss?" 

Katy wavered for a minute, as her mind raced. She was still mad at her husband who wanted her to fuck Doug while he watched, which she would never do. She thought of Patty's urging to take the opportunity. Deep down, she longed for Doug to kiss her, and thought she would have just one kiss and that would be it. 

"Katy, can I kiss you?" Doug again whispered in her ear.

She softly whispered back, "Okay." 

Their kiss began softly, and Katy slowly opened her mouth to accept Doug's tongue swirling around hers. She enjoyed the taste and gradually kissed back harder, thinking she might as well enjoy the one kiss, because there would only be one. When the kiss ended, Doug held her tightly and whispered, "That felt better than any kiss I can ever remember." 

Katy's soft moan was all the reply Doug needed as the next song began. Doug said, "I am so glad we can kiss on this date" and began another deep sensuous kiss. 

Katy felt a twinge of panic as she realized that Doug thought she had given permission to kiss all night rather than one kiss. Katy considered ending the kiss but just couldn't. She reasoned, "This is just kissing, and I will stop it at that." 

She opened her mouth and began to accept Doug hungrily. Their bodies slowly began an erotic rhythmic grinding and Katy could feel Doug's hardness while she eagerly enjoyed Doug's tongue. They kissed for the rest of the song, and when the song ended, Katy just hugged Doug and whispered, "Thank you," in his ear. 

"We had better go now," Katy said, realizing that she had gone much further than she ever expected with Doug. 

He held her hand as they walked to the car. As they approached the car, Doug turned and said, "Katy, I loved dancing with you." He moved in to kiss her again. They kissed for minutes, with Katy loving the taste and feel of Doug's tongue and feeling her pussy getting wetter and soaking her already wet panties. 

"Doug, we should go," Katy said, caught between not wanting the date to end and being very afraid of what might happen if they kept kissing. 

"I loved our time together tonight and hate for the date to end" Doug said, as he too was caught between not wanting the date to end but also hoping that maybe things might progress even further back at Katy's house.

Not much was said as they drove to Katy's house, but they held hands all the way with their fingers dancing back and forth with gentle caresses. Don paced back and forth in the family room as they pulled into the driveway. He desperately wanted to see Katy with Doug, but he also knew the magnitude of the bomb he had thrown on the table with his note. He knew he had taken a big chance, and he was worried that he had gone too far in pushing Katy.

Katy wanted to kiss Doug goodnight, but not in the driveway where Don could see if he were peeking through the windows. As the awkward moment of ending the date came, Doug asked "Katy I know this is a lot to ask, but would you consider having me in for a nightcap and maybe just one more dance together?" 

Katy knew that was a bad idea, but before she knew what was happening, she smiled and said, "Okay, but only one dance." 

Don immediately welcomed them in the house, but Doug took charge and said, "Don, Katy and I are going to have a drink and dance in the family room, can you give us some privacy?" 

Katy did not even look at Don but walked through the doorway into the family room. Don went around the corner into the kitchen to give them as much space as he could.

Katy put on some music by LeAnn Rimes, and they immediately melted into each others' arms and beginning to kiss again. Katy's head was spinning as Doug whispered into her ear. "I promised you nothing would happen on this date and it won't. I would love to see you again and have a second date. If the answer is yes, you can tell me after the next song. If the answer is no, please just tell me you will think about it and then tell me later, okay? I don't want to ruin this great night with a rejection." 

Katy's heart was pounding, as every passionate urge and decadent desire was screaming to say yes, but she wasn't sure if she could after the song. All she knew was that she loved the passionate feeling of kissing Doug, her panties were soaked, and she knew she would need more time to think about a next date.

As the song ended and another one began, Doug whispered again, "Katy, if the answer is yes, I know how we can be intimate tonight without breaking my promise that nothing would happen on this date." 

Surprised Katy said, "What do you mean?" 

"Well, our date is over when I walk out the door" Doug whispered. "If your answer is yes, there is no reason I can't come back in, and we can have our second date tonight." 

Katy gasped as the full meaning of what Doug said sank it, and she could feel her pussy muscles twitching and getting even wetter. 

"Just think about it during this last song," Doug whispered. 

Between kisses, he passionately whispered in her ear, "Katy, I want to kiss you everywhere. I want nothing more than to give you so much pleasure. I want to taste your pleasure over and over again." 

Katy shuddered with excitement as there was no ambiguity with Doug's words. He was promising oral sex and lots of it. Katy loved having her pussy eaten, but Don had not done it for years. Her whole body trembled with passion as they kissed again. Katy could feel the unmistakable throb of Doug's hard cock rubbing against her as their bodies slowly ground together. 

When the song ended, Doug asked, "Can we have our second date tonight?" 

Katy was shaking with excitement and fear. She stuttered a few times as she was battling an unstoppable desire against going much further than she ever thought possible with another man outside of her marriage. 

Doug kissed her and then asked again, "Katy, can we have our second date tonight?"

Katy could feel her hard nipples twitching and the fire in her pussy after all the dancing and kissing Doug. Katy wasn't sure she could say yes, but she also could not say no as her passions were rising to new heights. 

She whispered back, "I don't want him to watch," which she thought was more of a statement that she did not want to be a fantasy for her husband rather than a positive answer. 

Doug immediately broke the embrace and almost yelled to Don, "Hey buddy, tonight you are on the couch down here, Katy and I are going upstairs." 

Don, who was peeking around the corner watching while they danced, was stunned. His dream of getting his wife seduced was happening, but she was not going to let him watch, and they were going up to their bedroom. He felt a sharp pain in his gut, but knew it was too late to intervene. 

The next few minutes were a blur for Katy. Don quickly led her to the door, hurriedly said, "Thank you for a wonderful first date, but I am going to make our second date so much better." He took one quick step outside, almost jumped back into the house and grabbed Katy's hand.

Katy was almost in shock. Her mind was racing, as she didn't say no, but had she really said yes to a second date? Doug leaned in to kiss her, but he could sense she was having second thoughts. 
