 This story is a fantasy; however, I did grow up in Southern California in a Victorian house with a hot older sister. I also had a friend from Queens who introduced my sister and me to the game of knuckles one summer. I was there when he tried to convince my sister to forfeit her blouse after losing a hard-fought game of knuckles.

Of course, everyone in the story is 18 years or older.

Note: This story has been edited based upon the multiple vehement reader comments against including the beer pong gang bang in an incest/taboo story. I normally submit in the no consent/reluctance category and got carried away. Of course, the readers are correct. The story is now sweeter and more appropriate to a Summer Lovin' Contest. Please vote if you agree.

#

My name is James Wiggins, and I am looking forward to a pleasant summer goofing off at the beach and playing video games. In a couple of months, I will be heading off to study engineering at Stanford, so I want to make the most of my temporary freedom. I am hoping for a great summer now that I am eighteen.

I just graduated a disappointing third in a class of 319 at Santa Teresa High School in Southern California. I was a scholar-athlete in high school and lettered in football, basketball, and track. I was friendly with the jocks, but most of my friends tended to be the science nerds.

Summer meant my long-time friend, Isaac, was staying with the Spensers across the street. My impetuous companion has regularly found ways to get me into trouble ever since we were six. I am a laid-back kid who has grown up in the relaxed oceanside community of Santa Teresa an hour north of Los Angeles while my friend is from the frantic borough of Queens. His parents send him to stay with his aunt and uncle every summer to protect him from the gangs in New York City, or I suspect to protect the gangs from him.

This summer, I made a resolution to avoid Isaac's seductive suggestions unless they happened to provide a solution to my intransigent virginity. My hope is I will have better luck with college girls. For now, I cannot imagine solving that problem sooner without hiring a prostitute.

Summer also means my older sister is home from the University of Wisconsin, where she has an athletic scholarship thanks to her skills playing soccer. Growing up, we had been close, and I was excited to see her again and hopefully hang out together. Anne is extremely competitive, and we have a long-standing rivalry for everything from grades to sports. We share an addiction to poker and other games of chance. My sister is a serious card player and despises anyone who reneges on a bet.

The reason I was disappointed in my class ranking of third was that my sister had finished first when she graduated three years before me.

My sister is a tall, gorgeous brunette with long legs, a dynamite ass and perky breasts with dark puffy nipples. She also recently shaved her pussy except for a tiny carefully trimmed triangle of dark pubic hair that points to her clit in case some moron is unaware of its location. Oh yeah, she also likes to masturbate while soaking in the bathtub.

The reason I know these details is because we live in an old Victorian house with the original door fixtures. Every door in the house has a large keyhole that takes a skeleton key. The large keyholes provide a nearly unobstructed view of the room on the other side of the door if you press your eye up close. The bathroom Anne and I use is arranged with a bathtub along the far wall and a sink in between. The toilet is out of sight. Both the tub and sink are sideways to the line of sight from the keyhole, so I always have a delightful view of the side of my sister's generous breasts and curvaceous ass. I am thrilled every time she steps out of the bath, and I get a glimpse of her gorgeous pussy. I regularly fill socks with my spunk while staring at my naked sister. Fortunately, she likes to listen to rock when she is in the bathroom, so my heavy breathing is masked.

My spy technique took a dramatic turn for the better when I bought an expensive high-resolution endoscope attachment for my cell phone. This tiny camera at the end of a cable allows me to make movies of my sister while watching the action live on my cellphone. Luckily, I can jack off one-handed. I've only had the camera for a couple of weeks and already have several smoking hot videos of my naked sister. I must have watched the video of my sister masturbating in the bathtub a hundred times. Unfortunately, I couldn't see her fingers attacking her pussy, but I could see her other hand tugging on her nipples. She had one leg hooked over the side of the tub, and when she climaxed, her athletic leg bounced in time with her muffled squeals.

#

The Spensers are big shots in the Santa Teresa Chamber of Commerce and have an active social life. Ever since Isaac and I ruined their designer kitchen using an overabundance of thermochemical reactants to make a volcano, they don't trust us alone in the house. Most of the time, my parents are available, and he spends the night at my home. When my parents are also out for the evening, Isaac's aunt and uncle pay my sister to babysit. This arrangement had been going on for years, and while it may seem strange for someone to hire a babysitter for an eighteen-year-old, the fifty-dollar payment to my sister is a lot cheaper than replacing a seventy-thousand-dollar kitchen.

Isaac's aunt and uncle had an all-day seminar in Palm Springs on Saturday and promised to be back late. Since the meeting started early, they planned to make the long drive from Santa Teresa the night before. Unfortunately, my parents were setting off to visit relatives in the Central Valley and wouldn't be home before Sunday evening, so the Spensers asked my sister if she was available to protect their home from mayhem. My sister has a boyfriend in college, but he lives in Ohio, so she was free on a Friday night. She planned on spending Sunday at the beach with girlfriends, but she was available Friday and Saturday and would be happy to earn a nice chunk of spending money.

#

Anne took a long bath on Friday afternoon and shaved her legs and pussy so she could wear her new micro bikini to the beach. For the first time ever, I watched her shave while facing the bathroom door. She carefully shaved off all her remaining pubic hair except for a small triangle above her slit. Afterward, she rubbed on lotion to soothe the irritated skin. I drooled on the carpet as I watched her get aroused and masturbate in full view of my tiny camera. I'd already masturbated while she was playing with her breasts in the tub, but the sight of her thrusting two fingers into her flowering pussy while her firm breasts jiggled soon got me hard. I filled a second sock and barely managed to remove the camera and escape to my room before my sister left the bathroom.

We ate some Chinese takeout with my parents before they said goodbye and left. Anne and I got our things together for what was basically a sleepover.

On the way across the street, Anne said, "I don't want any nonsense this weekend. I expect you to back me up if Isaac starts to get wild. It's always best to nip it in the bud before he becomes totally crazed by his raging hormones."

I was all too familiar with my sister's quick fiery temper and had no desire to face her wrath. I promised her I would behave and furthermore, I resolved to myself that I would resist Isaac's manic impulses. However, I was a little surprised at the vehemence of her comments. She had seemed withdrawn and depressed since she had returned from college six days ago, and I thought maybe a little bit of Isaac's energy would do her good.

Anne was familiar with the Spenser's home, so they only had to give her the contact information for the seminar before they departed.

Isaac's face broke into a grin as his aunt and uncle drove off shortly after eight.

"What should we do first?"

Anne said, "Let's watch some TV."

I was surprised when Isaac immediately agreed.

"Have you ever watched any of the 'Black Mirror' episodes?"

Anne shook her head. "My friends told me I should watch it, but I've always been too busy. Why don't you put it on?"

Isaac said, "Jim, can you put on the show while I get us something to drink?"

I had the first episode ready to run when my friend returned with a nice bottle of chilled New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc and three glasses.

When my sister glared at him, Isaac said, "My aunt and uncle let me drink at home now that I am eighteen. Besides, they will never miss it. They entertain so much; they have cases of wine and liquor in the basement."

My sister may have been annoyed at Isaac's pilferage, but she wasn't shy about drinking the wine. My friend kept her glass filled while we watched the show, and I wouldn't be surprised if she drank half of the first bottle.

We sat on a couch facing a big screen TV with Anne in the middle. Isaac hit play for episode 1: 'The National Anthem.' There can't be more than a dozen people under thirty that don't know the plot, but innocent Anne was one of them. The plot is basically that someone kidnaps a beloved British princess and holds her hostage. They demand that the Prime Minister fuck a pig on prime-time TV, or they will execute the princess. The Prime Minister reluctantly yields to the pleas of the citizens and performs the degrading act. The disgusting performance ends his political career as well as his marriage. Having this episode as the first in the series put a lot of viewers off, and they never watched any of the later installments.

Anne was disgusted and refused to watch any more Black Mirror. She announced she was going to the bathroom and suggested we come up with another activity while she was gone.

Isaac and I watched her gorgeous ass as she stormed out of the room. Her skin-tight khaki shorts barely concealed her athletic butt.

She was barely out of sight when Isaac said, "I'm going to fuck Anne so hard she'll be begging for more."

"Damn it, Isaac, do you have to be such a fucking asshole? You're talking about my sister."

Isaac laughed. "I saw you staring at your sister's ass. Don't try to tell me you weren't thinking about fucking her tight pussy too."

"Asshole, you're not even in the same league. You're a short, chubby, pimple-faced kid from Queens."

"You left out genius. I'm going to be a neurosurgeon and make ten times what you do as an engineer. Women like your sweet sister will be all over me."

"Well, I've got bad news for you. My sister is engaged to a Nordic God from the Midwest. She brought him home for the Christmas holiday, and he impressed all of us. My only complaint is that Paul may be too religious for our family. I was surprised when she went to Christmas service with him and commented that the minister's sermon was inspirational. I hope someday I find a woman that looks at me with such adoration."

Isaac smiled, "Well, I don't have to marry your sister to fuck her senseless."

Before I could reply, my sister walked back into the room. She had a smirk on her face, and I wondered how much she had overheard.

Isaac didn't wait for her to be seated before saying, "Congratulations on your engagement."

Anne looked stunned as she looked from Isaac to me. I noticed a tear in her eye, and when she replied, she had a quiver in her voice.

"Thanks, Isaac but the engagement is off."

I stood up and put my arm around my sister's shoulder.

"Oh my God, Anne, I'm so sorry. When did this happen?"

"A couple of weeks ago."

Now I knew why my sister was depressed.

"Does Mom know? She was so happy for you."

"I've tried to tell her several times, but I just can't find the right words."

"Jeez, Anne, what happened? You seemed to be so happy together."

"A month or so ago, we were talking about children. I wanted two, but Paul wanted something called a full quiver. Basically, I would have to give up my plans for a career in science and become his broodmare. My life would be centered on staying pregnant and raising a flock of children for the church. The highlight of my week would be teaching Sunday School. It's not why I'm majoring in biochemistry."

I said, "I'm surprised you stayed together for as long as you did. Asking you to give up your career must have been a showstopper."

"Love makes you blind. We both just assumed we had similar goals. Our fighting got worse when Paul said he wanted to raise our kids in his church. I said we should let them make that choice when they were adults. We argued for days. He got angrier when I commented that the whole point of being born again was for a person to decide to accept Jesus as their Savior when they became adults. He said I was an idiot and didn't know what I was talking about."

"So that's when I broke off our engagement. We are obviously incompatible. I think I was more in love with the idea of getting married than I was with Paul. Hopefully, I'll find someone who will let me pursue my career and share the joy and burden of raising a family."

#

At the end of her confession, my sister put her head on my shoulder and cried. Isaac kept quiet while my sister sobbed. I think Isaac was lost in his fantasy of fucking Anne now that he knew she was available. I was still comforting my sister when my friend went into the kitchen and returned with another bottle of wine. He refilled her glass and handed it to her. We sat on the carpet in front of the couch. I wasn't sure it was a good idea in her state, but she drank it down. After a few minutes, she took a deep breath, and her body shuddered.

Isaac said, "Not that I would know, but they say one's first relationship is so intense one will do almost anything to please their partner. Was Paul your first?"

Anne shook her head. "No, he wasn't. I went with a physics graduate student for my first two years in college. It was a lot of fun, but we broke up when I realized Steve didn't know what he was going to do with his life. Maybe that was why I fell for Paul. He always knew where he was going."

"I also went out with a sweet boy in high school named Andrew. The last time we dated was when we went to the Senior Prom. Before Andrew, I didn't have any real boyfriends, but I had a crush on Eduardo Hernandez since grade school. He was your typical bad boy, and every girl in school was infatuated with him. My friends and I used to exchange texts at night discussing his every move. I remember talking for days about his facial tattoos. He had a skull tattoo on his right cheek and two tiny tears under his left eye. The quiet, stocky, and very mysterious Honduran bewitched me. I have all the notes I wrote to him but never delivered. I still get butterflies when I think of him."

I remembered a sleepover my sister had with a half dozen of her friends when she was a young teenager. I had listened at the door as the lovesick teenagers pined over the cute Honduran boy.

Isaac and I also knew Eduardo as an Iraqi war hero who now owned a foreign auto shop, he purchased by selling drugs to a carefully selected clientele. Since my friend's uncle had his Porsche 911 Carrera S maintained by Eduardo, Isaac had managed to buy a small baggie of excellent marijuana buds last week.

Isaac didn't mention to Anne that we bought marijuana from the muscular Honduran whenever we could afford it and continued pressing Anne about her teenage love life. I couldn't figure out my friend's game.

Isaac said, "What happened to Eduardo after high school?"

My sister said, "His family was here illegally. His parents were about to be deported, so Eduardo joined the Army in exchange for their citizenship. The last I heard; he was serving in Afghanistan."

"Do you wish you'd given him one of your notes in class?"

"All the time. Maybe it was just because he was my first crush, but I thought there was something special about him under his rough exterior."

When my sister talked about Eduardo, she sounded like the same love-struck fourteen-year-old girl who had shared her deepest secrets with her friends at her sleepover nearly seven years ago.

Isaac said, "You're leaving out all the exciting details in your relationships. Your brother said you were very popular in high school, and I've always been curious about the lives of the popular girls. When was the first time you did it? Come on. Give us the interesting details."

Anne laughed, but her blushing face indicated her discomfort.

"I suppose by 'interesting details' you mean you want a blow-by-blow description. What are you going to ask about next? You will probably want to know all about my sex life, including where and how often."

Isaac grinned and nodded his head.

My sister hugged her knees to her chest and took a couple of deep breaths. I wondered if she was going to answer my friend's crude question. She turned to me with a stern look on her face. It was the same expression she'd worn when she lectured me on the way over about keeping Isaac under control.

Anne stared into my eyes as she said, "I've already said way too much. Are you comfortable with your sister talking about the details of her sex life with your hormonal friend? Maybe the smart thing to do would be to nip this discussion in the bud before things get any crazier."

It was pretty much the same lecture she had given me on the way over, and I knew it was my cue to back her up. However, that was before Isaac said he wanted to fuck my sister and challenged me to deny I wasn't also eager to fuck her. I'd lied to him when I vehemently rejected his assertion. Watching my big sister masturbate after her bath had my hormones in an uproar. I knew neither Isaac nor I was ever going to have the chance to fuck my gorgeous sister, but I was perfectly happy to let things get a little crazier. Hey, I was curious about my beautiful sister's sex life. Who wouldn't be?

I said, "We're all friends, so I'm comfortable with whatever you're willing to share. I don't have a lot of experience with girls, and anything you say would be a big help to my social life."

My sister glared at me. "Thanks for backing me up. Fine, Isaac, what do you want to know?"

Isaac didn't hesitate. "You were about to give us the details about your first time."

Anne held out her empty wine glass to Isaac, and he filled it to the top. My sister gulped it down before she replied to Isaac's request.

"The first time, I did it was with Andrew after the Senior Prom. I convinced him to take me to a deserted overlook off Mount Christos drive. We made out for a while before I put his hand on my breast. I took out his cock and played with it. When it didn't look like anything was going to happen, I took the initiative. Since I didn't ask permission, I suppose you could say I raped him. I lowered the seat and straddled him. He came too soon for me to feel anything more than what a cock feels like inside my pussy. We never had another date. I tried to contact him, but he ignored my texts and phone calls. Is that enough 'interesting details, ' or do you want me to embarrass myself further?"

Isaac said, "That's enough about your first time. What about Paul? Did you have sex, or was he saving himself?"

"We did it about once a week. If you must know, it was always in a missionary position."

Isaac laughed. "Of course, it was the missionary position. Did you ever cum with Paul?"

My sister turned to me again. Her face was flushed. "Do you expect me to answer that?"

I swallowed hard. I had an erection and was dying to hear her answer. I had loved watching her masturbate to an intense orgasm in the bathroom, but I had no idea about how to pleasure a woman. I assumed a woman would come while being fucked by her lover since they always did in porn videos. Still, I was unsure about the whole concept of foreplay. My mind churned as I searched for a way to answer.
