 Chapter 1

MARSHA

My name is Marsha DiMarco. I'm the 42 year old wife of Timothy DiMarco, the Executive VP of one of the largest Marketing firms in the country. We have been married for 24 years and have two great children, Tim, Jr. , serving the country in the Air Force and Jake, a senior at Oklahoma State. I have a gentle, loving husband, drive the latest and fanciest cars, have a house that looks like it's from Good Housekeeping magazine, good friends, and the money to be comfortable. I don't have to work but I want too so I'm a certified paralegal for a local law firm. 

I'm sitting here, looking out my bedroom window contemplating the best way to end my wonderful marriage. I have been unfaithful and now I am going to pay the price for my betrayal of everything I held dear. I allowed the devil into my life. As I sit here, the tears keep running down my face as I rub my belly. A belly that will be swelling with another man's child in a few months. I suspected two days ago that I was pregnant but was praying I wasn't when the time for my period came and went, I felt certain. When I awoke this morning and literally ran to the bathroom to throw up, all doubt was gone. My hopes for a reprieve were dashed.

I guess my next step is to buy an EPT and make a OB/GYN appointment. If my calculations are correct, I should be about 7 weeks along. That's the first time I gave myself to another and betrayed my husband, my children, myself, and everything I loved. Well, almost everything, I thought I was in love with Robert....Robert Foley, the devil, but in fact I was in lust, not love. 

Robert worked in the same building as me for a different firm. 

We met about four months ago as we were in line at Starbucks getting coffee. He struck up a conversation with me, saying he had noticed me around the building. I turned to him and saw the most beautiful blue eyes I had ever seen attached to a very handsome man. I can't recall what I said to him because it just came out jibberish. I felt like a teenage girl approached by the star quarterback for a date. 

Believe me, I don't consider myself a stunner although I clean up nicely and am reasonably attractive. I still have my 25 year old body. Gravity has not got the best of my breasts yet although they are showing a little age. I have blonde hair and green eyes. I keep my nails both fingers and toes immaculate because I love wearing both finger and foot jewelry along with sexy sandals. My efforts drive Tim crazy who has always had a bit of a foot fetish. 

My new friend said his name is Robert Foley and asked would I join him at a table. I replied that I'm Marsha and before I thought, I said I would be delighted to join him. WTF am I doing! This is a total stranger yet I'm following him like a lovesick school girl. We sat and he chatted while I sat mesmerized. I learned he was 5 years my junior and never been married. I finally got it together, finished my coffee and started to leave. My heel, which I had been dangling from my toes, had fallen to the floor. Robert saw this and immediately got down to pick it up. His fingers ran the length of my nylon covered toes to my instep. He held my foot seductively as he slipped it back into my shoe. A shiver ran through me straight to my pussy. His fingers touching my glossy red toes gave me chills and a feeling I that i shouldn't be feeling. 

I said my goodbyes and went back to my office, wondering what had just happened. I sat down at my desk. That's when I noticed the crotch of my panties were soaked. My pussy was oozing notifying me of its approval of my arousal. I did my best to put Robert out of mind and get on with life but I could still feel his touch on my foot. I should not be having these feelings for this total stranger. What does he see in this 42 year old married woman with two grown children not much younger than him? Surely, he noticed my wedding rings? 

I was unusually quiet as Tim and I sat and ate leftover meatloaf at dinner that night. Tim looked at me and asked if something was on my mind. I just blew him off and said I had some work issues I was dealing with. I had my foot under me in the chair and was touching my bare toes where Robert had held them so gently. 

The next morning I rushed to Starbucks to see if Robert was there...I mean get my coffee. He walked in just as I was walking out. He said hi and put his business card in my hand as we passed. I looked at it and he had written his personal cell number on it. I walked back to my office and stared at his phone number like it was a snake about to strike. I had the proverbial devil on one shoulder and the innocent Angel on the other, fighting it out, making decisions for me that should have never had to be made. I called his number but got no answer but stupid me....he has MY office number now on his caller ID. Damn! 

About 10:30 my office phone rang...it was him. He asked if we could maybe meet for lunch. My inner self said, OK, i will meet with him and tell him this is inappropriate and get back to my life. He said he would pick me up and take me to a nice restaurant. I said, no, just make it simple. I don't have time for an extended lunch today. He picked me up and drove to a little restaurant several miles away. We sat in a booth talked. I finally told him that I was a happily married woman and I was not sure of his intentions but we couldn't go any further. 

He looked a little hurt and finally said, "Marsha, I didn't mean to intrude on your marriage but the other day when I touched your foot, I felt something. I think you did too. It was our first touch." 

I told him that no matter what we felt, this could not be. I told him I needed to get back. As we got into his SUV, he reached over and kissed me. Before I could react, his tongue was in my mouth and I was responding. "I can't do this" was running through my head but our kiss continued. 

He unbuttoned my blouse and lifted my left breast from my bra cup. I said NO, Robert but he was persistent. He broke the kiss and sucked my long nipple into his mouth. I pleaded with him to stop....please stop, Robert, but my body was betraying me. I wanted him.....badly. He had both my nipples exposed now and getting his undivided attention as he tried to tickle his tonsils with my aroused extended nipples. 

That's when he said take off your shoes and hose. I refused saying, "NO! Robert, I've gone too far already."

He said he wanted to touch me, taste me. His words only poured gasoline on the fire he had lit in me. He reached down and removed my shoes. I peeled my pantyhose down my legs leaving me in my soaked panties. He pulled the crotch of my panties aside and pinched my engorged clit between his thumb and finger. I moaned in pleasure as he masturbated me. 

I pulled my skirt up to my waist and put my bare red polished toes on his shoulder and the other foot on his dash while he pleasured me. My pussy was on fire. He slipped two fingers into my swampy hole and finger fucked me. I felt my orgasm build as my toes curled, I came, squirting all over his seat. He pulled his fingers out of me and put them in his mouth cleaning my cum from them. Watching him lick my milky girl goo from his fingers just made me hotter. 

My inhibitions were toast. I was on fire...I reached over and unzipped his pants. I pulled his gorgeous cock out and stroked it. He laid his seat back as I took him into my mouth and licked the precum oozing from the slit. I held his balls and stroked him as his glans swelled and prepared to ejaculate. I pursed my lips over the glans and he erupted stream after stream of thick white semen into my mouth. There were several strong spurts of cum down my throat before it slowed to a dribble on my tongue. 

As I came back down to earth from the sexual frenzy that I had allowed to happen, I leaned back against the door. I felt Robert's breath on my toes and realized he was sucking each one of them. OMG, what have I done. 

I told Robert that this was wrong. The tears fell as I felt as bad as I have ever felt. The guilt was overwhelming. I had some wet wipes in my purse. I wiped the semen from my lips and cleaned up my sloppy pussy the best I could. I put my hose and shoes back on and told Robert to take me back to work. I looked at his semi flaccid penis as he put it back in his pants. I had never let Tim cum in my mouth. Why did I let Robert? As I walked into the office, I just knew the staff could smell my creamy sex and the semen on my breath. I found some gum in my desk and I had a little perfume in my purse. Hopefully, I killed the "just been fucked" aroma.

ROBERT

I have fallen in love with a married woman. It was love at first sight for me. I know she is married and our relationship could destroy her marriage and hurt a lot of people but WOW! She is one hot lady. I want to spend my life with her. She was sooooo wet. I wanted to suck all that red polish off those gorgeous toes. 

"I love you, Marsha," I said to myself. I couldn't believe she took my whole load in her mouth. If she was mine, I would never let her out of the house without us making love first. I know I have to go slow or risk ruining any chance I have with her. I was fully prepared to destroy her marriage.

MARSHA

I avoided Tim as much as I could without acting too strange. I couldn't look him in the eye after my betrayal. I had let another man touch me in my most intimate places. I wanted to run to him, hang onto him and beg for his forgiveness but my guilt had not got there yet. We did make love that night and tried to make it the best session possible. When I felt him spew his spermless semen deep inside me, I came with him, loving every second of it. He had gotten a vasectomy after Jake was born so we didn't worry about another pregnancy.

I tried to avoid Robert and his relentless phone calls and texts but after a few weeks I gave in and talked to him. He says he loves me and wants me to divorce Tim and marry him. I know, that's a stretch from one heavy make out session and blow job. I told him I just couldn't give him what he wants. I have another life...a married life to a wonderful man that would kill his heart and soul if he knew what I had already done. 

He begged me to give him whatever time I could. I knew it was wrong but I was excited at the attention he was giving me. Tim and I had settled into the routine of married life...boring...vanilla...basically in a rut. I didn't love Tim any less but the excitement of being pursued by another thrilled me right up to the destruction of everything I held dear. I sat my guilt aside and let Robert pursue me and catch me. And catch me he did.

At first it was just coffee together and lunchtime petting sessions. He wanted me to wear stay up stockings or a garter Beltane stockings sometimes so i wouldn't have to peel off pantyhose and he would have easy access to my pussy. I found I loved wearing stockings. They made feel sexy and wicked. We would kiss, fondle and explore each other in his SUV sometimes bringing each other to the most satisfying orgasms before going back to work. Weekends were for the family. 

Then one day, he asked me to take the afternoon off and go to his apartment. Another test I failed.... As we entered his apartment, he pinned me against the door and began kissing me. I reached down and unbuckled his belt and slacks and dropped them to the floor. I kicked my heels off and knelt before him. I pushed his boxers down and swallowed his cock. He moaned loudly as I began licking and sucking his swollen cock. It was pouring precum, flooding my mouth. 

I stood up and he took off my blouse and skirt. Then I pushed him away, seductively sliding my stockings down my leg, one leg at a time. I sat down and pulled that age old Marilyn Monroe or Jayne Mansfield seduction technique of stretching them with the tips of my toes just before allowing them to slip off. I wrapped one around his swollen penis and draped the other one around his neck. I unbuttoned his shirt and threw it on the floor. This was the first time that both of us had been completely nude together. 

He picked me up and carried me to his bedroom. He laid me down and spread my legs. He went down on me, sucking my clit into his mouth and flicking his tongue over it. I was in ecstasy, moaning with my legs and toes extended straight out. As I came, I filled his mouth with my girl cum. He licked and bit my labia which rekindled the fire in my pussy. Before I could utter a word, his swollen glans pierced my soaked vagina. He pushed in slowly until the head nudged up against my cervix. I screamed in pleasure as Robert fucked me with my nylon stocking wrapped around the base of hIs cock. It was new, exciting, forbidden. I heard myself, yelling YES, BABY, FUCK MEEE! 

I looked into his eyes as my toes disappeared into his mouth with his manhood buried to the hilt inside me. His tongue split my toes and he sucked my second toe which bore the toe ring Tim had given me. I bucked against him driving him deeper into my hole. That's when I felt him expand, he groaned and I felt his cock spasm inside me. OMG, he's cumming in me. 

I cried out, "NOOOO, Robert, PLEASE, NOOO, I'm not protected." He had already begun pumping rope after rope of his potent sperm into my fertile womb. I could feel the warmth of his cum spreading through my unprotected womb. As he continued to inseminate me, my body responded and I came again. I blacked out momentarily. He finally pulled out still spurting thick white semen all over my labia and into my gaping hole his cock had left. 

As I came back down, I said, "Robert, you came in me...WTF! 

He said he was sorry. He didn't know that I wasn't on the pill. As he pulled out, I felt full inside. I looked at my ravaged pussy and one thick stringer of semen was clinging to my labia. I laid back and looked at his semi hard cock glistening with the fluids of our mating. The euphoric afterglow feeling was still with me. As I caught my breath, Robert went between my legs and licked his cum off of my labia. He then began to eat my pussy again. As his tongue entered my cum filled hole, I felt another orgasm coming. I gripped the bed sheets as he brought me over the edge once again squirting all over his face. 

I was massaging his back with my toes as he kissed my pussy. He raised up and kissed me on the lips. I could taste our mixed body fluids on his lips. 

Once again he uttered, "I love you, Marsha." I guess I was caught up in the moment when I told him I loved him too. He placed his cock head back at my entrance and entered me again. I figured the damage was done. I might as well enjoy the wonderful orgasms he gives me. I had two more orgasm before he put his second hot load in my womb. I came with him each time he ejaculated in me. It was exciting...taboo...risky. 

I said, "Baby, I'm so full of cum." I rolled over on my belly and he shoved his manhood to the hilt in me from behind. He fucked me maybe 15 minutes this time before squirting his third load through my battered cervix and into my womanly core. I knew I was going to be very sore for a few days. 

I know I should shower before I go home but I loved the feeling of so much semen inside me. He pulled out of me and kissed my body from my toes to my lips. I loved the attention Robert gave me but I knew I wasn't in love with him. I was in lust with him.

For the next five weeks, Robert and I met at his apartment at least once a week. He pleasured me in every way possible. Robert even took my virgin ass sending a load of cum into my bowels while I used a vibrator on my clit. Something I had never allowed Tim to do.

I asked him to use a condom when he fucked me, little did I know it was a moot point. It was too late for that. His little frogmen had scored that first time, penetrating one of my 42 year old eggs waiting in my womb weeks ago.

Six weeks after our first sexual tryst, I realized I had missed my period and about to miss my second one. I had also thrown up that morning. That's when I suspected the worst. I'm pregnant. Life as I have known it and enjoyed, is over. I sat down and cried until there were no tears left. My options were few. Abortion was out. I could not take this baby's life. I would just have to confess my sins and take my punishment. I am going to have a baby.

Chapter 2

I met Robert for lunch and told him I was pregnant. He was thrilled that he was going to be a father thinking a baby would bind us together forever. I told him I couldn't be the woman he wanted. My impending divorce that I knew was coming was not going to be pretty and another marriage was not even in my playbook. Tim and my children are going to be furious and he was going to be persona non grata. I asked him what he thought would happen. He could fuck me, put a baby in me and everything was going to be rainbows and unicorns? Not likely. 

He said he loved me and wanted us to still be together whenever we could. I was honest with him. I told him I loved what he did to me sexually. I had never been so sexually satisfied but I didn't love him the way he wanted. I told him that soon as I tell Tim, I'm going to be a single, pregnant woman. I knew that there was virtually no chance of saving my marriage and family. He said he wanted me to move in with him if Tim throws me out. I said I would think about it.

I had an appointment with an OB/GYN who confirmed that I was now 8 weeks along. She gave me all the usual vitamins and exercises and I made my follow up appointment. How times have changed. It's been 20 years since I was pregnant with Jake. What the hell was I thinking!! Fucking a guy unprotected not to mention thinking it wouldn't matter if he filled my cheating pussy full of his sperm. Shit!

I called Tim and asked him to meet me at home as soon as he could. We needed to talk. Knowing how much Tim loves me, he would drop everything and come home if I needed him. I'm now back to where my sad story began. I sit here looking out my window knowing this will most likely be the last time I do this in my home. I took the liberty of having one of our lawyers draw up the divorce paperwork and had them ready to give Tim. My bags are packed. Just taking clothes, toiletries and some things that have been dear to me.

Tim found me at the window, with tears streaming down my face. He immediately came over and took me in his strong arms. 

He said, "Marsha, whatever your concerned about, we can work it out. Tell me what I can do to help you, Baby." 

I loved it when he called me Baby. I'm sure that would be the last time I heard it from my loving husband after I'm done.

I finally said, "I don't think so this time Tim. This is a biggie. Sit down, Sweetheart. I have something to tell you and you will most likely hate me when I'm done. Tim, I have loved you from the first time we met and I always will but that love did not keep me from betraying you, the boys and our family in the worst way possible. You have done nothing to deserve this and I couldn't be sorrier or more humiliated at my behavior. You are a proud man and I don't expect your forgiveness."

"Tim, I met a man and have been engaged in a sexual affair with him for the last four months." 

I let my confession sink in a minute. Tim looked like I had shot him directly in the heart. He teared up and ran to the bathroom. He threw up until he had nothing left. I tried to help him but he told me not to touch him. He asked me if the affair was over and I said, "not exactly."

Then the bomb. I said, "Tim, I was foolish. The first time we were intimate, he impregnated me. I'm pregnant. We didn't take any precautions. I have his baby in my womb. I'm almost three months along."

Tim just stared at me like I was from another planet. I said," I know you won't accept this in any form or fashion so I took the liberty of having the divorce papers here for you to sign. I am packed and will leave our home immediately after our talk." 
