 DID IT REALLY HAPPEN?

Sonya Cummings woke up in her bed on a Saturday morning. Her body ached all over and she had the after taste of semen in her mouth. Her vagina was tender and she felt constipated. Remnants of semen had dried on her skin. She barely had enough energy to move. As she lay there, she wished that somehow, she could erase the memory of the night before. If only it had been a bad dream. Although it had been a nightmare, it really happened.

She remembered coming home after being stood up on a date. Her daughter Jenny had not expected her home at all since Sonya had planned to stay over at Steven's place. However, he had pulled a no show and she returned home at about 8:00 PM. She saw a number of cars in the driveway and she was furious that Jenny was having a party. She left her car in the street and stormed into the house. The party was happening in the lower level recreational room. 

Sonya hustled down the stairs ready to cuss her daughter out and send everyone home. When she entered the rec room, she stopped in her tracks and stared at the gathering. Jenny and her two girlfriends, Sherry and Bonnie were naked on the floor. They all had the cocks of six guys in their mouths and in their pussies. It was an all-out orgy going on right in her home. Sonya did not recognize any of the guys which was odd because the girls had boyfriends. She let loose.

"What is going on here? What are you doing in my home? Who are you?" 

Jenny spit the cock out of her mouth and screamed back at mother. "What are you doing home? You're not supposed to be here tonight?"

"I had a change in plans. Now all of you get dressed and get out."

"I don't think so. We are having a good time. Maybe you would like to join us," a handsome stud said to her as he continued to fuck Sherry.

Jenny chimed in, "Yeah mother, take off your clothes and join us. There is plenty of cock to go around."

"You are despicable. I'll deal with you later. Now the rest of you get out."

Sonya noticed the guys were older. All the girls were 18-years-old. She suspected they might be college boys. The one who spoke earlier seemed be in charge. He pulled his cock out of Sherry and Sonya gasped when she saw the impressive member. 

"I see that you like my cock. Come on guys, let's make her feel welcome. It is her home after all."

All six guys stood up and moved toward Sonya. She panicked but tried to remain firm. They ignored her threats and took a hold of her. She struggled but it was useless as they were too strong. She felt hands on her breasts and hands on her legs moving under the skirt. She screamed at them.

"Stop it, let me go. Don't you dare touch me."

She was lowered to the floor and a mouth covered hers. Her dress was pushed up and her panties were removed. Two of them held her legs apart while another mouth attacked her pussy. Her blouse was undone and the bra cups pulled below her breasts, then there was a mouth on each one. The guy kissing her drove his tongue into her mouth and she was starting to lose it. She did not want to cum at the hands of these young men but the attention to her breasts and pussy were winning out. She heard her daughter's voice.

"Oh yeah give it to her. Fuck her too."

In spite of her efforts to not orgasm, it was no use. The guys were skilled lovers and they had her writing and gasping. She could feel that familiar warning and she knew that she was going to cum. It was a big one and she drenched the guy's mouth. After her first orgasm, things were a blur. She was put on her knees and made to suck a cock while she was fucked from behind. 

She had no idea how long they took with her but she knew that each guy had fucked her. She had sucked most of the cocks and she even got fucked in the ass several times losing her anal virginity. She vaguely recalled eating pussy but she didn't remember if it was Sherry or Bonnie. She was sure it wasn't her daughter, at least she hoped not. She had cum so much it was unbelievable. A voice called to Jenny.

"Hey Jen, you mom is really hot. She's a great fuck."

"Yeah well, let's put her in her bed. We still have some partying to do."

Sonya was carried upstairs to her bedroom and deposited in her bed naked. She just collapsed in an exhaustive stupor. She heard the sounds of more sex going on downstairs and she knew the orgy had resumed. Trying to ignore the noise from the lower level, she finally dozed off. 

Now on Saturday morning, she eased out of bed and made her way to the bathroom. She thought about a bath but decided to wait until later. She showered and put on a terry-shorty. As she headed downstairs to make the coffee, she heard sounds coming from the lower level. Sonya realized that they were still here and they were having sex again. Then she heard her own voice begging to be fucked. How was that possible?

Arriving in the lower level she saw the three girls and six guys all naked watching a video on the large screen TV. Sonya could not believe her eyes. It was her getting fucked and begging for it. Someone had made a video of her and the guys. A loud gasp escaped her mouth and the others heard it. One of the guys called out.

"Hey Greg, look who's up."

"Sonya, come and join us. You look great on TV."

She turned and ran up the stairs and went back to her room. What was she going to do now? They were still here and she wondered when they planned to leave. She would have her answer shortly after the guys had their way with the three girls again. 

BEFORE THE ORGY

Sonya was a single mother who raised her daughter for the past two years. She taught at the same high school that jenny attended. Her husband had divorced her and she had done well in the settlement. At 40 years of age, Sonya was an attractive woman who kept herself fit. She had a nice 34-30-34 figure that went well with her 5'5" and 110-pound stature. Her hair was colored blonde and she had blue eyes. She looked more like her daughter's older sister.

She had been dating Steven for nearly six months and she enjoyed his company. They had fun together and she was a good lover. Maybe too good as Steven felt inadequate at times. Sonya was a hot woman and seem insatiable. There were a couple of male teachers and senior high school students who would have loved to have a crack at Sonya in the sack.

Jenny was the image of her mother and built similarly. She had a boyfriend but she also carried on with other men. Neither her boyfriend Terry or her mother knew of Jenny's sexual escapades. Jenny had also been successful getting Sherry and Bonnie to venture out from their boyfriends. The three of them attended a college frat party one time and they had more cock in one night than they ever expected.

Jenny was also fucking one of the male teachers. Derrick Peters had a thing for Sonya but she had no interest in him. So, he had the next best thing, the daughter, a spitting image of her mother. Seth Johnson another teacher caught Derrick and Jenny together in a vacant classroom and they had no recourse but to let him join them. Since then Jenny would often entertain both teachers.

Sonya had a rule against boys in her home unless she was home. She was okay with Sherry and Bonnie being there when she wasn't home. However, she had no idea what went on with those three girls. Not having the boys around didn't slow those teenagers down. They loved being naked together, touching each other and eating pussy. The adventurous Jenny had even been able to acquire a couple of strap-on dildos and a double headed dildo. The girls made good use of the fake cocks.

A lovely female teacher, Hanna, had a thing for Sonya and let it be known. Sonya had actually thought about it but decided it was too close to home and passed. Back in her 20's in college, Sonya had a couple of female flings. Disappointed in being rejected by Sonya, Hanna tested the water with Jenny. Of course, she had no idea that Jenny was experienced with the other girls. It was Hanna who got the dildos for Jenny. In return, Jenny introduced Sherry and Bonnie to the lesbian teacher. The four of them had a wild girl on girl session one day after school.

SATURDAY ENCORE

Sonya was not allowed to stay in her room the day after the orgy. The guys came and got her and brought her to the lower level. She was made sit naked with the others and watched the video they made. It was like a porn movie and Sonya was appalled at her depraved behavior like a wanton slut. As she watched the video, Greg narrated the action. She was sitting between two other naked guys, Chuck and Adam.

Greg was sitting with Sherry who was playing with his cock. She alternated between stroking it and sucking it. The same thing was going on with Bonnie who was with a guy named Eric. Jenny was sitting between the other two guys, Ben and Vince. She had a cock in each hand. Greg called attention to the screen.

"Hey watch this everyone. Sonya takes three cocks this time."

They all looked at the screen and saw Sonya riding Adam's impressive cock while sucking on Vince's equally impressive dick. Ben was behind her stroking his slender tapered cock and then he eased it into her ass. Sonya could not believe it was her on the screen taking three cocks at once. She also couldn't believe how much she was into it and enjoying it.

Ben musty have cum quickly because he pulled out. He was immediately replaced by Eric whose cock was larger than Ben's. Adam and Vince also came in her pussy and mouth and then she was placed on all fours. One by one the guys took turns fucking her ass saving the largest cock for last. Greg was the one who was the last to butt fuck her. 

"Wow mother, you could be a porn star. I think I'll make copies of this for the faculty."

"Don't even tease about that. I want this video destroyed."

Greg laughed, "I think you should come to our next frat party. Jenny you should bring your mom the next time."

"I'm horny. I need your cocks guys," Jenny announced.

Sonya watched her daughter spread out on the floor. Vince entered her pussy and she took Ben in her mouth. Sherry then began to ride Greg's big dick and Bonnie had Eric fuck her. Chuck and Adam were fondling Sonya and she did not resist them. She knew she should have bolted from their grasp and ran back upstairs but she was caught up in all the orgiastic behavior. Chuck filled her mouth as she welcomed Adam's big dick in her pussy.

The video had been paused while they had sex. Sonya was into it and she was loving the young vibrant cocks. The furthest person from her mind at the moment was her boyfriend Steven. She orgamsed quickly but encouraged the guys to keep fucking her. After everyone had cum, beers were passed around and the video resumed. 

Sonya stared at the screen as she watched herself eating pussy. She was eating Sherry's pussy and she was getting fucked from behind. Some guys fucked her pussy and others fucked her ass when it was their turn. Next Bonnie moved into position and Sonya ate her pretty pussy. Finally, her daughter Jenny presented her pussy and to the sound of cheers and jeers, Sonya dove right in and ate her daughter to an orgasm. That completed the night of debauchery. 

"Mother, you really know how to eat pussy. You're every bit as good as Sherry, Bonnie and Hanna."

"Oh my God, did you say Hanna?"

"Yeah, she is hot. The three of us have partied with her a few times."

Another moment of disbelief for Sonya, her daughter had been with Hanna the pretty lesbian teacher. Bonnie and Sherry had too. It was all too much. Sonya didn't have much time to think about as the action resumed as she was the center of attention. She would be had by all the guys again before they left. Sonya was exhausted by the time the guys left. 

She made her way back to her master bath and ran the water in the large tub. She added bath oil and soaked her abused achy body. She wasn't in the bath ten minutes when the three girls came in and joined her. It was a Roman style tub and easily accommodated four people. Sonya looked at the three lovely 18-year-old girls who had become sexual predators. She recalled her high school senior year and college days when she was sexually active. It was no wonder that Jenny was as active as she had her mother's genes.

After the bath, Sonya took a nap. The girls returned to the lower level and watched the video again. They had had enough sex or they would have broken out the dildos for more fun. That would wait until Sunday and maybe they would Sonya would join them. Jenny made copies of the video surprising the others. Sherry asked.

"Are you really going to give copies to other teachers?"

"Just three, Hana, Seth and Derrick."

"Oh my God, you are shameless."

"I know but it's fun."

ALL GIRL'S SUNDAY

On Sunday morning, Sonya woke up to the sound of the water running in her bathtub. The three girls were naked and ready to get the tub when Sonya entered the bathroom. Jenny smiled at her mother and spoke.

"Good morning mother, come and join us."

As if in a trance, Sonya removed her shorty pajama and got in the tub with the girls. It would be different than the bath yesterday as they began to feel and play with each other. Sonya was shocked when her ass was penetrated by Sherry's finger. Sherry just smiled at the woman and wiggled her finger around. After nearly 20 minutes of foreplay they all got and dried off.

Sonya was next led by her hand to her bed by her daughter. Sherry and Bonnie put out the sex toys and Sonya would experience most of them before the day was done. Jenny got on her back on the bed and beckoned her mother to her. Sonya knelt on the bed and lowered her mouth to her daughter's tasty pussy. Sonya then felt Bonnie slide under her and fasten her mouth on her pussy. Next Sherry knelt behind Sonya and played with her buttocks. Sherry then pushed the butt cheeks apart and stared at the tight pink aperture. Sonya gasped as Sherry probed the anus with her tongue and then stuck the tip in the tight little ring. Now she knew why Sherry fingered her anus earlier. 

Sonya tried to focus on Jenny's pussy but the girls had her in an erotic state. Sonya located her daughter's clit and drew it into her mouth. Jenny cried out as her mother took the hard pearl in her teeth and gently rolled it around. Jenny bucked her hips as she cried out with the intensity of her first orgasm. Just as she came Sonya held her tightly to her mouth and tried to drink in all the teenager's love juices. Sonya was struggling with her own climax as the girls worked over her pussy and her anus. Sherry had her tongue in as deep as it would go and Bonnie chewed lightly on Sonya's clit. Sonya screamed and her body thrashed about as her climax rocked her beautiful body. Sonya collapsed into her daughter's arms and stayed still as the three girls caressed her body.

Once Jenny and Sonya recovered sufficiently from their orgasms, Jenny had Sherry and Bonnie lay next to each other on the bed. Then Sonya knelt between Sherry's legs and lowered her mouth to the tasty pussy. Jenny did the same with Bonnie and the two knelt side by side as they ate the young pussies. The pussy eating skills of Jenny and Sonya were just too much and the two teens were soon thrashing and groaning on the bed as the pair worked over the energetic pussies. The girls pushed their hips up trying to get the tongues even deeper into their cunts. Almost simultaneously Sherry and Bonnie screamed with the intensity of their orgasms. Jenny and Sonya continued to lick their creaming pussies and nibble on their aroused clits as they climaxed wildly. As the girls calmed a little Jenny and Sonya kissed and licked around their pussies and inner thighs. The girls shivered with delight as the tongues tickled them. 

Jenny got off the bed and then returned with two strap-on dildos and she told Sherry and Bonnie that she wanted them to fuck her and her mother with the fake cocks. Sherry and Bonnie then put on the strap-on dildo and harness. The two women smiled as they looked at each other as the fake cocks bobbed in front of them.

"Nice cock," Bonnie chuckled.

"You do too," laughed Sherry as she reached over and stroked Bonnie's rubber cock.

Jenny and Sonya lay on their backs side by side. Sherry moved between Sonya's legs and Bonnie got between Jenny's legs. They helped the teens guide the fake cocks into their pussies and began moving their hips up to meet their experienced thrusts. Sherry and Bonnie knew what they were doing and they soon had established a rhythm fucking them. They felt the nubs on the dildos rubbing against their own clits and they realized that they too would experience yet another orgasm. It was so exciting for everyone to be fucking each other and then they leaned over to suck on the Sonya's and Jenny's tits. Jenny and Sonya in turn fondled their lover's tits, tweaked their nipples and rolled them in their fingertips.

The entire room smelled of sex from the four dripping pussies. The four of them were racing toward another string of orgasms as they fucked hard and fast. Sherry and Bonnie were rewarded for their enthusiastic efforts as the dildo nubs rubbed their clits and kept them in a constant state of arousal. The two worked their hips so that they could receive as much pleasure as they were giving. Jenny and Sonya were beyond themselves with lust and they felt their intense orgasms building in their wombs. Jenny and Sonya screamed with joy as their orgasms took over their bodies. They humped quickly and then collapsed back on the bed as Sherry and Bonnie plowed their pussies with the fake cocks.

Sherry and Bonnie removed the rubber dicks from the pussies and looked at the dildos glistening with juices. As if it were the natural thing in the world Sherry and Bonnie moved into a 69 position and licked the female nectar off the two fake cocks. Sonya watched them do this and marveled at their lewd behavior. The two girls sucked the artificial cocks into their mouths and made a game out of how deep they could take them. Jenny in the meantime retrieved the double dildo.

Mother and daughter lay on their sides facing one another and worked the double dildo into their pussies as they had their asses greased up by Bonnie and Sherry. The two girls watched in awe as the entire shaft at each end disappeared into the pussies. The two teens were so excited as they couldn't believe their good fortune that Jenny's mother would take a big rubber cock in her ass. Tentatively the two teens got behind Jenny and Sonya and tenderly pushed the fake cocks into the receptive asses. Jenny and Sonya reached behind them and guided the dildos into their bottoms and encouraged the girls to fuck them hard and quick. Sherry moved closer to Jenny as the cock slid into her ass and Jenny reached behind her and pulled Sherry by her buttocks tightly against her. Sherry's pubes pressed into Jenny's ass as the fake dick went all the way up her rectum. Sherry could once again feel the nub on the dildo work its magic on her clit and she began to thrust her hips into her classmate as she fucked her ass. Sherry reached around and slid her hand between daughter and mother and cupped Jenny's firm tits.

Almost the same scene was repeated between Bonnie and Sonya and the two were now fucking their lover's asses with the same enthusiasm as they had fucked their pussies earlier. The dildo nubs were doing their job as Sherry and Bonnie rapidly fucked the two shapely asses of Jenny and Sonya. Sherry was the first to cum and she shuddered and held Jenny tightly as she screamed out loud in ecstasy. Bonnie was right behind her and she buried her head in Sonya's shoulder to muffle her own screams as her body shook with the intensity of her orgasm. Jenny and Sonya went right on fucking each other with the double dildo until they too had mind shattering orgasms. They held onto the shapely bottoms of their lovers as they thrashed their hips together, shuddered, stiffened and coated the double dildo with their female juices.
