 All characters in this story are over eighteen. This story contains incest, if you are uncomfortable with this subject, I kindly suggest you look for a different story. With everything said, I do hope you enjoy. 

*****

Waking up, on a nice Saturday morning, I was walking past the bathroom, when I glanced in and saw something that caught me off guard. James, my little brother was in his boxers trying to aim his hard on. While watching a guy pee, is satisfying, but, that's not what drew my attention, I couldn't pull my eyes away from his big, meaty cock. 

"What the hell Carly."

The most embarrassing thing, getting caught.

"N-no I was just walking past." I was fumbling trying to come up with an excuse.

"Sure, you were."

"I'm sorry." I gave James a big hug and peck on the cheek.

"It's alright." 

"Do you want to have a look at me so we are even?

"Wait, what?" 

I closed and locked the door, I swiftly pulled, my shirt over my head and yanked my shorts down. My brother's jaw dropped and his cock twitched at the sight of my naked body, I placed my hand on my head, then spread my legs. 

"Have a nice long look." I became hot, my pussy was getting wet, the thrill of exposing myself to my little brother was amazing. 

James got closer, then, knelt down and got eye level with my snatch, his face inches away, I lost control, grabbing James' face with both hands, I pulled him into my sex and started rubbing my juicy cunt, on his forehead, on his nose, on his chin. putting both hands firmly on my arse, he shot his tongue straight at my clit, swirling his tongue round and round, within moments I was moaning loader and loader, the way my little brother danced his tongue on my pussy was incredible. While still licking, James took two fingers and stuck them in, my pussy was so wet they just slid right in.

"Oh, ffffuck, that's good."

I had no idea my little bro was so good with his hands, sometimes going fast and hard bringing me close to the edge, but then, he would go slow and gentle driving me crazy. Suddenly, James took his fingers out of me and shoved his tongue as far as it would go. 

"Oh, GGGOOODDD!"

I came so hard, Flooding my brother's mouth with my sweet juice, swallowing as much as he could. Dropping to my knees, I gave James a big hug, as I caught my breathe. 

"That, was the best orgasm I ever had."

"Do you get a lot of practice, on the girls at college?

"No, they won't come near me."

"Really, do you practice on your girlfriend?

"No, I've never had a girlfriend."

"Wait, wait, wait, was this your first time touching a girls pussy." 

"Y-yes."

"W-was this your first time seeing a woman, naked? He went bright red in the face and nodded at me.

"Oh, you poor thing. Tell you what, seeing as you made me come so hard, it is only fair if I make you come."

"Really?" 

"Of course, little bro."

"Thanks." 

"Come to my room." 

I dragged James by the hand and walked to my room still both naked. 

"You're very lucky today, not only are you going to get your fist blowjob, but, our parents are on holiday, so, they can't stop us."

I sat James on the bed, kneeling down, I got a good look at the big monster

"This is a big cock." 

I couldn't believe it, I am going to be the first person to have a go on this beautiful dick, gently gripping the base, I slowly gave very soft kisses, starting at the big round ball, then slowly making my way up the shaft, James was loving every moment of this, his face just showed true pleasure. I stuck out my tongue and gave the head a quick lick, James quivered, from my touch, pulling back the foreskin I gave it another lick, his dick twitched and was pulsating like crazy. 

I sealed my lips around the penis, gently bobbing my head up and down, taking it nice and slow. For some reason, I actually enjoyed, the sweet, yet salty taste of my borthers cock, for a good while I kept at this slow pace, trying to savour every moment, I held it in one both hands and just sucked and sucked, I didn't know who was enjoying this more, he had the most lewd look of pleasure but, this cock in my mouth was the best thing ever. Simply sucking on the rod made me very wet, strings of my juice, dangled off of my snatch. Without a word I took the meat stick out of my mouth, positioned it carefully and eased the monster into my tight hole. I eased it more and more, until I was balls deep and sitting on his lap.

"Huh, what's going on?"

"Shh."

I put a finger on James's lips and bounced on the dick, it felt so good, I picked up the pace, really going at it hard, I had never felt anything this good, each time I moved up or down I would moan uncontrollably. I sat on his dick balls deep for a while, simply grinding on him hard. It was too much, for both of us. 

My body twitched, it quivered, I came so hard with the dick inside me, but I could feel this warm liquid inside of me, it was a weird feeling, but I liked it, but then I figured out what it was.

"I guess you came as well."

He looked very worried and was panicking. 

"Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god." 

"What's wrong?"

"I-I just came inside you, I'm such an idiot, I always ruin things."

"Nothing is ruined and you're not an idiot." 

"But you might get pregnant."

"Nope, I'm on the pill, there isn't anything to worry about, you have done nothing wrong. Anyway, I should have been more careful, considering you were still a virgin."

"Oh." 

"Hey, cheer up, you just lost your virginity."

"I guess, you're right." 

"How do you feel?"

"Odd, I feel very good, but I'm very tired."

"I feel the exact same way."

"Really?"

"Of course. Do you feel like going to sleep?

"Its ten in the morning." 

"That's not what I asked."

"Do you wanna go to sleep?"

"Yes."

"Sleep tight, Carly."

"Sleep tight, James and remember, when we wake up we can go again."