 Sorry it's been such a long time. Sometimes life gets in the way of the things you'd prefer to be doing. Here's something just a bit different from my past work... Still first-person, still somewhat similar subject matter, but something a little longer... In a single story, and not broken down into chapters. Also, the "build-up" of the story is, perhaps, a bit longer than some of you may prefer. But, I hope you'll stick with it throughout. And, I hope you like it! Please feel free to comment, or you can message me with your thoughts!

Disclaimer: All characters are imaginary. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is coincidental.

*****

I was several years out of college and pushing into my late 20s, with my communications degree as all I had to show for thousands of dollars in student debt. I had worked menial job after menial job... Office clerk, retail sales, and most recently, since early this spring, waiting tables. But, finally, I had found a job in my field. It wasn't a great job, and it didn't pay all that well. But, at least I found something in my area of expertise. Somewhere I could learn, get experience, and maybe, if I was lucky, work my way up.

I had been hired by a local Washington, DC area television news station as a production assistant. The pay sucked... Especially for having to live in such an expensive area. But, luckily, I had a relatively inexpensive apartment just outside of the city, and I had a roommate to share expenses with. I certainly wouldn't be living a life of luxury, but I knew I could get by. Especially if I kept my job as a waiter for a few nights a week.

My new job was at a local 24-hour news station located just outside of DC. The station is a direct affiliate of one of the major local network news stations, but much less watched. They billed themselves as "24/7 News". But, in all honesty, though they show multiple newscasts during the course of the day, many of them are taped and rebroadcast. The rest of the day's programming is filled with slow-paced, boring local broadcasts and infomercials.

At first, I found the job fairly rewarding. I had met a number of local and national personalities, though really nothing more than an introduction or a hello... Mainly politicians and a few people in the entertainment industry. I even got to know a few news personalities. I often found myself checking the schedule to try to get shifts when the pretty anchor or the hot weather girl from the station's larger affiliate were filling in at our station. Not that I ever had a chance with them... It seemed like all the on-air women in the industry had significant others... Often rich husbands, or boyfriends that were "big players" in the DC political scene.

My love-life had been pretty dry since the beginning of the year. I had been on dates with just a couple of women in the last six or eight months, but no one I really connected with. Before that, I hadn't had a steady girlfriend in well over a year. I have a tough time meeting people. Though I'm pretty outgoing and adventurous with people I know, I'm relatively introverted, and quite shy around people I don't know. I don't feel like looks are a hindrance... Not that I think I'm outwardly handsome by any means, but I'm not ugly either (I hope). Kind of average looks... short dark hair, 6'2", about 200 lbs., and I'm fit and active.

Back to the job... After several months, I realized that my job at the station was almost as menial as everything else I had been doing... Mainly, I edited lots of tape, occasionally booking guests or scheduling broadcasts. I also ran a lot errands for my bosses. But, I kept my head down and worked hard.

Before I knew it, summer had arrived in full as I arrived at the station one Saturday morning. I was there to help produce the noon news broadcast. It was hot, humid and sticky in Washington. Besides politics, the weather seemed to be the most talked about thing in the city, and, believe it or not, the weather forecast was one of the most produced aspects of the daily news. Especially when the extremes hit. And, 95 degrees and high humidity was certainly an extreme.

That day I noticed that a couple of members of the on-air staff, and a few members of the station management were dressed up quite a bit nicer than normal. Long, flowing dresses like you'd see women wearing at a formal, suits and ties, and there was even a tux or two hung up in the hallway. I had no idea what was going on until my boss Jim came over to talk to me as the first newscast of the afternoon was winding down.

He walked over as I was sitting at my small corner desk editing tape on my laptop. He told me that the Capital Area News Emmys were being awarded tonight, and that one of the production assistants from another station that was supposed to be there to help had backed out. He asked if I would mind stepping in. I must have immediately shown worry in my expression... Before I could even ask him about dress, he explained that I'd be in a production booth for the entire event, and that I wouldn't be attending the pre-award dinner, or even have any contact with the event-goers.

Immediately relieved, though a bit disappointed that I wouldn't get fed, I agreed to help out. I really didn't have much in the way of fancy clothes, so I wouldn't have known what to do if I had to dress up.

At least it would get me out of the office, and out of having to be here for the evening news broadcasts. Jim told me that the event was being held at a local theatre venue... He also told me that three floors of the hotel next to the theatre had been booked by all of the local news organizations for people attending and working the event, so he'd make a call and make sure I had a room for the night. 

"Thank you for doing this," Jim said, "Why don't you get going now. It'll give you time to grab a quick bite on your way."

I needed no more prompting and I was up and out of the office in a flash. I swung by my apartment for a quick change of clothes and an overnight bag, then headed downtown. I pulled my car into a parking garage near the hotel. I was early, so I took a short walk around the block before dropping into a little pub for a burger and a cold beer to kill some time and cool off from the heat. 

Next, I went to the hotel and checked in. I paid for an extra day... I figured I'd hang out in DC tomorrow, catch the Nationals game since they were in town this weekend, and maybe grab a few drinks afterwards. As I walked through the lobby, I noticed how old the hotel must have been. It was a historic hotel that at one time was known as one of the swankiest hotels in the city. But, that was long ago... The place was decorated a bit like someone's antique shop, though the original architecture was beautiful.  

I took the elevator up to the fifth floor - room 514. I threw my overnight bag on the bed and looked around the room. A queen-sized bed, nightstands on either side, a brown love seat, a mid-sized TV, and a standard bathroom. Outside of the small balcony overlooking the city, the room was pretty run-of-the-mill. But, it looked clean and well stocked with pillows, linens and towels... And, I was excited to have a couple of nights away, especially because I had the next day off.

I walked across the street to the theatre and checked into the production booth. There were four guys in the small room. Three sitting at the control board, which sat in front of a glass window overlooking the theatre. There was an older gentleman who was standing behind the chairs giving instructions. After introductions, I was directed to the one open chair closest to the door.

The older man was running the show, and he went over each of our duties for the night. My job was simple... All I was required to do was start and stop the video that would be shown on the big screen at the back of the stage when I was cued. 

It was about an hour before the show was to start, and we were prepped and ready. The producer left the room and the four of us talked... About what station we worked for, bitching about our jobs at said stations, station gossip, etc. It was kind of nice speaking with people in the same industry as me. It seemed the same shit that I had to deal with was typical at all the stations.

As showtime neared, I watched closely as all the big names in the DC news industry came into the theatre. They were all dressed like they were going to a ball. And most, but not all had husbands, wives or dates with them. The show's emcee was a well known area newscaster who, many years ago, was considered a school-boy fantasy anchorwoman... She was very cute in a "milfy" way. And, even now, in her early sixties, I thought, I wouldn't mind spending some time with her. 

The show droned on for what seemed like forever. Just a bunch of well-known, rich newscasters patting themselves on the back. But there were a few "moments" in which I noticed all the guys in the booth paying extra attention. Each time a pretty reporter was on stage, we all focused a bit more... Like when the hot young weather girl from my affiliate station presented an award, or when a couple of cuties from the local FOX affiliate appeared on stage.

The show was finally nearing its end, and we were all ready to be done. But as one of the final Emmys of the night was being awarded for best field reporting, all four of us in the booth snapped back to attention. The award was given to Lauren Martin... A reporter and weekend anchor for one of the local stations.

What set Martin apart from other anchors? And, what kept the eyes in the booth directly on her? Her boobs. I'd guess that they are least 42s, maybe 44s. They didn't seem to be sloppy or saggy, but I also didn't believe they were artificially enhanced. Of course, they were encased under a tight dress... So, I'd never really know for sure.

When I first saw Lauren Martin on TV, she was almost petite... Especially compared to her boob size. Maybe 5'2"-5'4"", 120-130 lbs? Since then, she had gotten married and had a couple of kids. So, she was definitely a bit thicker now... And, her boobs had definitely grown with each child she popped out.

She started here locally a few years ago as a young traffic girl, then she graduated to field reporter, and then finally, she was promoted to weekend anchor. I'd guess that she was in her early 30s. 

Beyond her massive tits, she's very pretty in an angelic, innocent "girl-next-door" kind of way. She has shoulder length, light brown hair with very soft blond streaks. Oh, and, big beautiful eyes, maybe green? And a cute smile. I felt like this was why I found her so physically intriguing... Cute, innocent, and angelic with a body built for anything but innocence.

Ever since I had seen her on TV for the first time, I've had a crush... I've casually followed her career and watched her whenever I happened to turn on the TV news.

When the show ended, we quickly packed up and cleaned the production room. Three of the four of us were staying at the hotel and we decided to have a couple of drinks at the hotel lounge. As we passed through the lobby, I noticed that the ballroom was rocking with loud music. I watched as someone opened the door and walked in... I could see the fancy dresses and suits on the dance floor... It was obviously the after Emmy party.

After a few beers in the bar, I said goodbye to my new production friends. I was nicely buzzed, and pretty horny after a night of watching all the pretty reporters at the awards ceremony. My intention was to go back to my room and beat-off while imagining the weather girl's blond hair bobbing up and down between my legs. Or, dreaming about Lauren Martin's big boobs bouncing around in front of me.

But, as I walked through the first floor of the hotel, I noticed that there was music still coming from the ballroom. I decided to sit down on a lobby couch, pretend to read the newspaper, and see who came out. With all the partying, maybe I could meet someone... Maybe get laid? I knew it was wishful thinking, but when you're desperate, you'll try anything.

Over the next half hour, lots of people left the ballroom... I could see through the open door that it was emptying out pretty quickly. I saw a few people I recognized, but most I didn't... Lots of them were probably office staff or producers at various stations. Almost everyone who came out the door was paired up with a significant other and either went straight to the elevators, or straight out the front doors.

As the event appeared to be winding down, I watched as the door to the ballroom opened again, and three females walked out. One of them was Lauren Martin. They stood outside the door talking for several minutes before hugging each other... The two women headed towards the front doors of the hotel as Mrs. Martin slowly started towards the elevators.

I quickly stood up and dropped the newspaper on the coffee table in front of me. As nonchalantly as I could, I started moving towards the hallway with the elevator, trailing 20-30 feet behind Martin. I watched her ass from behind as I walked across the lobby. Her ass was full... I'm sure it had grown much like her tits with the birth of her kids. Her hips were slightly thick, but her waist was still relatively thin... Almost a bit disproportionate to the rest of her outward curves. I had to get on that elevator... I wanted to get a close-up look at her huge, tightly encased boobs.

She was completely unaware of my presence behind her, and she looked to be a bit drunk... Not staggering, just a little unsteady in her heels. Then, just before I passed the ballroom, the door swung open and I had to stop. A young, nice looking guy who couldn't have been more that 25 years old quickly exited the ballroom and headed towards the elevator.

I continued toward the elevator as the guy caught up to Martin. They walked towards the elevator side by side, not acknowledging one another. But they were close enough that it was obvious to me that they knew each other.

When they reached the elevator, the guy pushed the up button and they stood side-by-side and waited facing the elevator door. I took this moment to pick up my pace... I still wanted to be on this elevator.

I quietly stepped in behind them just as the elevator arrived at the lobby floor. As they stepped onto the elevator and the guy pushed a button on the panel, I stepped on behind them. They both looked a bit startled at my sudden appearance. As I entered, I noticed that the 5th floor button was lit... Same floor as my room.

The man seemed to recover from the surprise of me being on the elevator and asked, "Floor?"

I looked down at the panel of buttons, pointed to the five. said, "Same as you, five."

Seemly flustered by my response, the man stammered, "Oh... Well, I'm going to the sixth," and he quickly pushed the "6" button.

I stood facing the door as the elevator went up. I was to the left of the young man, and my back was to Martin. The entire elevator had the soft aroma of the reporter's perfume... For some reason, this light, pleasant and floral fragrance was making me hornier than I already was. I desperately wanted to turn around and get a good glimpse of the reporter's huge jugs, but I didn't. I kept my head down until we arrived on the fifth floor. I didn't want her to think that I even recognized her.

I glanced at the man and said, "Goodnight," as I stepped off the elevator.

"Goodnight," he replied, as I headed down the deserted hall to the right, towards my room.

Martin stepped off on my floor, staying several steps behind me. But the man stayed on the elevator as the doors closed. As I reached my room and started to pull out my keycard, I looked to my right as Martin swiped her keycard at room 513, across the hall and just a door down.

I knew something strange was going on. There was noticeable jumpiness and nervous energy on the elevator ride. So, as soon as I closed the door to my room, I pulled my phone out and set the camera setting to silent. Then, I cracked my door and watched the hall. 

Sure enough, within a few minutes, I watched as the guy from the elevator walked down the hall and stopped at the reporter's door, then knocked lightly. I quietly snapped off several pictures of him. As the door swung inward, the man looked over his shoulder, and down the hall towards the elevator as I snapped another picture... Then several more in rapid fashion... And this time I got the perfect shot of Lauren Martin pulling the man towards her and giving him a kiss on the lips before the door closed behind them.

I immediately went into my room and looked at my phone. I had several clear shots of the man's face, and even the room number on the door behind him... And the pictures of the two of them kissing was as clear as day. As I spread my fingers over my cellphone to enlarge the picture, it was totally clear. Anyone who knew who Lauren Martin was, would certainly recognize her from the picture... From her face, to the giant boobs constrained by her dress.

I spent the next hour on my laptop. I wanted to learn everything I could about Lauren Martin. There were plenty of boards and forums in which she was mentioned... She was talked about by several board posters as the hottest local TV reporter. But more than anything else, there were lots of comments about her boobs, and how much bigger they had gotten since she had kids, and how lucky her babies were to be able to suckle on them... It was quite obvious that she had a ton of male admirers.

Next, I started looking at images... There were a ton of photos with her sitting behind the news desk, a few on the set, and a couple of field reporting shots... Then I found the picture I was looking for... Lauren Martin and her husband. There was no doubt in the world that the guy in her hotel room right now was NOT the guy in the picture.

I laid back in the bed, pushed my pants down to my ankles and began stroking my cock while looking at the various images of Martin... All the while thinking about the best way to take advantage of my sudden stroke of luck. After finishing up and wiping myself off with one of the white towels lying on my bed, I set my alarm for 5 am and went to sleep.

I awoke the next morning before my alarm feeling surprisingly refreshed. I took a quick shower and pulled on jeans and a t-shirt. Then, I started a pot of coffee from the small plastic packet of ground coffee beans on a tray next to the paper cups. As the sound of dripping and the aroma of cheap coffee began to overtake the room, I dragged a chair over to the door and cracked it open. I had no idea how long it would take, but I wasn't going to miss this chance. I just hoped that the cheating reporter had not left overnight.

I sat in the chair for at least two hours, refilling my Styrofoam coffee cup several times before something finally happened. As I watched through the crack in my door, the door to Martin's room opened about half way. The man who had joined her the night before cautiously slipped out the door after he took a quick peek up and down the hall... I snapped off another couple of pictures before he started down the hallway towards the elevator.

As I sat back down into my chair, I felt a case of nerves building up. I knew that it was almost time for me to "come out of the shadows". In order for my plan to work, I would have to confront Martin... I now had pictures that she would not want anyone to see. It was almost time to find out what she would be willing to do to keep them secret.

I knew that I was taking a huge risk... She could ignore me, then call the cops and have me arrested for attempted blackmail. But, I figured that if I played my cards right, she wouldn't want to take a chance on being exposed. 

It wasn't more than a half an hour later that the door across the hall opened up. Martin stepped into the hallway, dressed in a pink pastel sundress that dropped down just above her knees. Her ample breasts were prominently accentuated in the clothing, but just the soft skin at the very tops of her boobs was showing.
