 Lori had finally had enough of working and retired 9 months before her 65th birthday. The biggest impact to her life was all the free time she now had at home with her husband Paul. He had been home for a while and had routines while she was at work.

Paul had developed several routines which helped him maintain the house since he had extremely poor vision. He was considered blind by the IRS which qualified him for a double deduction on their income tax and also he was getting services from the state and a local not-for-profit which sponsored activates. It was a god-send for Paul as his seclusion was stating to weigh on his mood. One thing that was very good was the NLS book player provided to him and cartridges with various books read for the blind and physically-challenged. Paul had been an ardent reader until the eye strain sapped his energy so quickly he barely finished two pages in a paperback since the print was so small. He'd nap for 1 to 15 minutes then continue the reading. It got too frustrating and he gave up reading print. He switched to a tablet with the largest font the Insignia Flex generated but that was slow and frustrating as well.

Lori's retirement meant they had to adapt to each other again and it wasn't going too well. Lori went out and found things to do in the area besides her dance classes. She kept in shape with jazz, tap and hip-hop class. For her 64 years she looked amazingly good. Plus her face had few lines except for those 'smile lines' near the corners of her eyes.

Lori made plans for the Wednesday that Paul would go to Book Club in April. She was going to lunch with Jon, a former colleague from work. He had managed another store and checked in on her occasionally. He had helped her when he could by taking her deposit to the bank and returning the receipt and any monies she had needed.

Paul had been aware of Jon's help as Lori had mentioned his assistance several times and Paul had suggested she treat him to lunch for his kind efforts helping her. She had never told Paul that Jon had asked her 'out for drinks' regularly but she had refused each and every time. Now, however, since they weren't working together Lori decided it was time to accept the 47 year old's offer to go out, albeit for lunch, rather than drinks, but it was the first step that she knew might lead her to Jon's bed!

Lunch on that Wednesday in April had gone nicely and they had spent the 75 minutes chatting and catching up about the last 3 months of their lives and talking about people from their past shared workplace. Jon had chatted and Lori had watched his gaze drop to her 36C chest for a few seconds at a time rather frequently. Her breasts were covered by her bra and a clingy ribbed sweater. Paul loved to see her wear this particular sweater because it accentuated every curve to the best. It also minimized the little 'love handles' she had but nobody is perfect. (Paul had not seen her dress and she pulled a light jacket over her sweater before she left the bedroom.) She could feel her nipples harden the second time Jon's gaze had dropped to her chest. She also felt her pussy moisten on the 4th or 5th glance downward, which wasn't happening with Paul very often any more. Jon had flirted with Lori while they worked together but they both knew if they went any further and were caught their jobs were over. Now it was a different story.

By the end of lunch Lori had decided they would be spending more time together. She had checked Paul's schedule for May and he'd be occupied every Wednesday that month. That was good as Jon's present job had him off on Wednesdays and Sundays.

On May 1st Lori texted Jon that she had free time every Wednesday this month if he'd like to plan some things to do together after May 2nd as she had planned a trip to visit some family members she hadn't seen in a while. Jon had texted back within a few minutes that he was quite happy with her offer of shared time. He suggested a driving range and lunch on the 9th. Lori agreed to that and she was home 15 minutes before Paul returned from Book Club at 4:37.

The following week Paul had a morning meeting and Lori told him she was going to lunch and then the driving range with Jon. Lori had taken golf lessons previously while working at the corporate offices for another retail company. There had been a Thursday afternoon league within the office; even though she wasn't a great fan of golf it had afforded her social time with colleagues. This time Paul was home but undisturbed by her 4:55 return.

The following week was Paul's Lunch & Learn and Lori hadn't said anything about time with Jon but she didn't arrive home until 6:48. Paul asked where she had been and she said Jon had texted and said that a friend had invited him and a guest for a boat ride on a not-too-distant lake. She had accepted but didn't realize the ride was on a pontoon boat and included dinner. She apologized and suggested he take a little blue pill in the morning and she'd make it up to him. Needless to say Paul agreed with that idea.

Thursday morning Paul took that pill at 5 and Lori was up at 6:15. They started playing and Paul was enjoying the pleasures Lori and he had shared for many years. Each time it had come to intercourse over the last few months, after Lori's retirement, Paul had needed to work quite a while, relatively speaking, to get his cock into Lori's tight, not-so-wet pussy. They had aged and Lori's response had been less enthusiastic as far as vaginal wetness was concerned.

After Lori had sucked Paul's ramrod hard cock, thanks to the Viagra, he got between her legs and anticipated the pushing and prodding to get into her love canal. He was surprised when he not only didn't have to push but literally slid right in balls deep! Lori moaned, "Oh yeah honey" and he remained motionless and staring at her closed eyes. When he didn't start humping Lori opened her eyes to Paul's steady gaze and she asked, "What's wrong?"

"You aren't tight."

"No, I wasn't was I?"

"So last evening wasn't just a dinner cruise on a lake was it?"

"No, but I wasn't going to tell you until after you had your fun. Are we going to continue or are you done?" Paul withdrew and sat next to Lori and asked, "What weren't you going to tell me?"

"Well, Jon and I have been having sex for the last 3 weeks and it is good. I enjoy his hard cock and he's enthusiastic about giving me orgasms."

"And that's not all is it?"

"No. He has access to a mountain condo this weekend and he asked me to go with him since he has the weekend off. I'm leaving Friday around 6 and I'll be back Sunday evening probably around 9"

"Um...that wasn't what I meant by 'that's not all'. Have you been using condoms? Or have you had him bareback?" Lori was looking into his eyes and he didn't seem upset with her. She was wondering why he wasn't angry, yelling or showing any strong reaction. He sat staring at her. "Jon was tested in April and showed me the results and based on that we haven't been using condoms."

"Okay, that's good. You might as well get dressed now."

"What? Why, don't you want to continue what we had started this morning?"

"No, I'll never stick my cock into you again."

"Are you serious? You don't want to play with me ever again? You're just saying that to get me frustrated, right? Come on, let's get back to our playing."

"Afraid not Lori. You have Jon and so you don't need me now."

"But honey I love you and I want to play with you and make you moan when you cum in me."

Paul grabbed his pajama bottoms and pulled them over his drooping cock and Lori said, "No honey. I want you now. I was looking forward to us playing this morning."

"Sorry, it isn't happening." He walked out of the room leaving her laying on the bed, nude and just maybe horny. He had taken two steps out of the bedroom and she yelled, "Paul, get back here now. If you walk away now I can't tell you when I might say yes again."

Over his shoulder, as he walked into the kitchen, he yelled back, "Okay, that's fine with me. So it'll be a no to Jon as well?"

"I didn't say that." He ignored her and turned the Keurig on. Lori walked into the kitchen in her robe and walked up to Paul and asked, "Are you really going to take this attitude? You told me to play with who I want..."

"Yes and I asked you to be honest with me. You never said you were screwing Jon. You said you were doing lunch and the driving range and the cruise on the lake."

"Yes, well I sort of neglected to say the driving range was between my legs. Did you like that little play on words honey? You always look for those types of puns."

"No, I don't like your play on words Lori. Why are you badgering me now?"

Lori opened her robe and showed her naked body, "Because I want to go to the driving range with you honey. I love you and I want you to be happy and satisfied."

"Well, I'm not happy and I am not in the mood to play with you now. I need time to wrap my head around the fact that you've been screwing Jon and acting so blasé about it, like nothing is going on."

"Because it is only sex with him, not love Paul. Come on you know the difference between the two."

"Yeah I do but your attitude and behavior didn't change and now I wonder how many others there have been that it was 'only sex' that I don't know anything about." Lori's face drained of color as she took a step back, looked into Paul's eyes and closed the robe. She felt naked and embarrassed in front of him at that moment. She wondered how he could say that to her. She loved him, had 2 children with him and they had shared the ups and downs of life together. This all flashed through her mind in a few seconds and then she was screaming at him, "DO YOU REALLY THINK THAT LITTLE OF ME TO THINK I'D CHEAT ON YOU?"

Paul stared at her and very quietly asked, "Well, what have you been doing the last few weeks Lori?"

Her mouth dropped open, flapped a couple times soundlessly as she turned and walked away from him. She was pissed that he had taken this attitude. Sure she had been screwing Jon a bit but it wasn't like Paul hadn't mentioned Jon and hinted. Yeah well she had told Paul nothing would happen with Jon when he had mentioned 'a personal trainer' as a joke with sexual implications. She had said 'forget it' in response. But she had gone ahead after watching Jon stare at her chest through lunch that first time; neither had been prepared with condoms so nothing really happened. But the next time they had 'lunch' was a different story. 

Jon had gone and gotten tested for STDs and he came back clean. After they had eaten they had gone to his apartment and sat on the couch talking for 5 minutes before they had started kissing and feeling each other. Once it got close Jon had shown her the test results and they were going full steam ahead after that. 

And Lori looked forward to 'lunch' with Jon. He was younger by 16 years (18 years younger than Paul) and in good shape and his cock was longer than Paul's but no thicker. He was very considerate at making sure she had an orgasm or two or three before he came in her. They really were well suited for sex. She had debated telling Paul but wasn't sure what his reaction would be since she had told him she wasn't interested in Jon in any sexual way. They, Lori and Paul, had a somewhat terse discussion because she didn't want Paul talking about Jon. BUT she wouldn't admit she was thinking about Jon and the bulge she had seen in his pants.

Now that Paul knew, she got the reaction she feared because she had been so terse, almost nasty to Paul which was so out of-character for her. She wasn't sure how to handle this situation at all. So they didn't talk for a day and it became two. 

Lori went away for the weekend with Jon and returned Sunday evening around 5 rather than spending several more hours with him. Paul ignored her when she returned and Lori wondered why she had come home early, she should have just stayed and gotten laid again by Jon.

Lori and Paul didn't exchange any words on Sunday evening. He ignored her on Monday as well. Tuesday started the same way but by the evening Lori couldn't take the silence and she waited until the national news was off and said, "Paul we need to talk because I can't stand this silence. This is hurting me greatly."

Paul surprised her, "I'm hurting as well Lori. I don't like this either. I was going to start a conversation as soon as the news was off but you beat me to it." Paul had gotten out of the recliner and Lori jumped off the couch and came to his arms.

"Paul, I'm sorry..."

"It's okay Lori. That was all I needed to hear. That is the end of the talk we needed."

"But Paul what about..."

"End of discussion. You do what you want to do and I don't want to talk about it any more. I can't fulfill all of your needs so as long as we don't talk about it...it is okay with me."

"Oh, that's all we're going to say..."

"Yes, end of discussion please."

"Okay Paul, I love you."

"I love you too sweetheart."

So Lori was seeing Jon every week, sometimes twice in a week and it wasn't talked about. Lori would say she was going shopping or to a museum or out with the girls, especially on a Tuesday night. She'd go 'out with the girls' after dance class and Paul would go to bed around 10. Occasionally Lori wouldn't come home until late on Wednesday afternoon or early evening after a call that she had 'stayed with so & so' after one drink too many. Lori was always happy now, smiling all the time.

AND Paul was smiling much more as well because Lori was playing with him, dressing a bit more sexily and waking him with a blowjob every couple weeks, usually on a Tuesday morning! It was working for them; Lori and Paul were both smiling a lot more. This went on for months, Lori going out on Wednesdays or Tuesday nights and returning on Wednesday at some point. The holidays were a departure as Jon had headed home to see his family and Lori spent more time with Paul and she found it really nice as well. Paul didn't ask why the routine had changed, he just accepted the variation. It went back to the 'routine' in January.

Then in May, one Wednesday evening after Lori had spent the night with 'Patti' she said, "Paul, can we talk about something please?"

Paul didn't like the tone of voice or the question in general. He feared the dreaded 'we need to talk' that was coming.

"Okay, let me say that I can be packed in a couple hours. All my cold weather stuff is packed in boxes and ready to go"

"Wait Paul, what are you talking about?"

"Well, I'm ready to move out since I assume you want Jon to move in with you now. I've been preparing ever since you went to that condo in the mountains with him last year."

"Wait...wait you're telling me you've had your clothes packed for almost a year now?"

"Yeah well, I had to switch the stuff out for last winter but I'm ready to go when you want me out of here."

"No Paul, I wanted to tell you that I won't be going out during the week any more. We will be spending more time together if that's okay with you."

Paul was staring into Lori's eyes and asked, "What changed?"

"I think...I changed. I need to spend more time with you."

Paul uttered a quiet 'Oh' and sat looking at Lori.

"Paul you don't seem that excited with my news, what's wrong?"

"Nothing is wrong but I had gotten into a routine...and I liked how it was working out."

"Okay, well ...would my being here upset the routine that much?"

"I think it would."

"Why?"

"I don't think Melanie would appreciate you being here while we were 'discussing a book' on Tuesday evenings."

"Melanie? Who is Melanie?"

"My friend that comes over and keeps me amused while you're out at 'dance classes' and 'out with the girls'."

"You mean you've been sleeping with another woman while I've been out?" Lori's voice was up quite a bit. "You've been screwing around behind my back?"

Paul shrugged, "Hey, it wasn't hurting you in the least. You had Jon and you were happy. I met Melanie at a book club meeting and we hit it off. When I told her what you were doing she offered to come over and we'd 'talk about books' while you were out."

Lori was pink-faced, "Oh My God you're cheating on me!"

"Lori what's good for you is also good for me. So what do you want to do now?"

"I'm going to go talk to Jon. I think...I might move out and stay with him."

"Will April like that?"

"She left him after she caught us one night."

"Okay, that's fine with me then. Melanie's only 58 and she's very...expectant of some 'enthusiastic discussion' and I'm happy to be enthusiastic for her. Want me to pack a bag for you?"

"I'll do it myself."

"Okay." Paul watched Lori walk to the bedrooms with her phone to her ear. He couldn't hear exactly what was said and honestly he didn't care. If Lori moved out Melanie was very willing to take her place. And they'd start a more permanent relationship. Paul only hoped that Melanie would be the last woman he would need.