 MARK, SISTER MARY AND FRIEND TRISHA

Author: MoMiner64Mete 

I was sitting in the living room of my parents’ home in my Dad’s easy chair having a cup of coffee reading the morning newspaper with one eye and watching the business news on FOX BUSINESS cable channel with the other eye. My younger pretty sister came bouncing into the room and when I looked up at her she said, “Hey, you aren’t you going to do anything productive today?” She just loved to needle me by the use of the term “hey you”. She thought that her principal mission in life was to needle her older brother. She knew that it was my weekend off and I was home visiting with my Mom and Dad and being needled by my impudent little sister. Very likely if she wasn’t so damn pretty and so vivacious I probably would be less likely to put up with her needling.

I immediately shot back, “What’s it to ya, Twerp?” I often referred to her as “twerp” to show her that her needling wasn’t having any effect on me. I might as well have saved my breath as she had flitted out the door like a beautiful summer butterfly before I could even get the words out of my mouth. I don’t know where she was going or for what reason but, it could have just been to give me the idea that she got one over on me again. I know that she had to have a big grin on her face after she got out the door and out of sight thinking she had won another round over big brother.

My name is Mark and I was born and raised in a metropolitan city in a southwestern state along with my sister, Mary, who is about two years younger than I am. My parents moved to this city a couple of years before I was born when my Dad received his degree from a major well known college back east in the Chicago area and he landed a really good paying job here. We all love living here because of the warm, dry climate. It is a little hot in the summer time but, the wonder of refrigerated air conditioning in everyone’s home and in their car solves that problem very nicely. And the rest of the year is really pretty pleasant.

My sister and went I to elementary school and we both graduated from high school here, too. After I graduated from high school and since the state college is located here I was able to go to college in my hometown. I received my college degree and I was able to live at home with my parents all during the time I was in college.

Mary did the same thing as I did. After she graduated from high school she decided to go to college here as well with me. Since both Mary and I were living at home while we went to college it saved our parents a lot of out of pocket costs not having to pay for our separate room and board than if we were in college away from home. If we had gone to college at an out of city or an out of state college or university it would have been a whole lot more expensive for our parents. Our parents could then afford to help us pay for nearly all of our college tuition and fees and other costs. And the state college here in town is nationally recognized and most graduates have no problem getting good paying jobs after graduation.

About a year after I graduated from college my dad was offered a lot better paying job as the head of another division of the company he was working for and our parents moved back east to the Chicago area. I had already found a good paying job here in town and had my own very nice two bedroom apartment while Mary was still living at home and still had one year remaining in college. Mary wanted to finish her college here in town so when our parents moved back east so she moved into my apartment with me to finish her final year in college. Mom and Dad said that they would pay half of my rent for letting Mary move in with me.

I told Mom and Dad that since it was Mary, I would have let her move in with me even if they had not paid any part of my rent. As we were so close in age we were raised to love one another, be close to each other and to look out for one another. In short; I loved my sweet younger sister very much. And Mary and I were very close. All through our toddler years, elementary and high school I always looked after her and protected her. she always wanted to be a part of almost everything that I did. That pleased our parents immensely that we got along so well since we were so close to one another. Little did they know just how close we would get during the time she was in college and later on in our lives?

Mom told us that Mary was a very pretty baby and as she grew through her toddler, adolescent and her high school years she grew up to be even prettier young woman. Mary was their little Princess and was still is the apple of their eyes. She developed into a gorgeous young woman with her just above the shoulder length blond hair, her sparkling sky blue eyes and her fair complexion. She was about 5 Ft.-4 in. tall with the coveted hour glass figure of 36C-24-36 measurements and she always had a very sweet with an affectionate, gentle disposition. She was always easy to get along with and she liked everyone and was well liked by everyone who knew her. But, she has an impudent nature principally with me and she loves to tease me and needle me, too.

Mary never had any problems getting dates in high school as all the boys wanted to go out with her. They also knew that she had an older brother who would not put up with any of them mistreating her in any way so they always treated her very well and with great respect. Mom had talked with her about having sex and told her, “Mary, you need to make sure that you save your virginity for your husband who you know really loves you.” Mom also told her, “If you let some boy get into your panties and get you pregnant it would likely ruin your promising future adult life.”

Mary is very smart; she always made very good grades and had the great potential to do just about anything she wanted to do and set out to do. She had told Mom and Dad, “I have always wanted to go to college and then maybe even go into law school or into medical school.” I knew full well that she would follow through with her aim and make a success out of her life.

Mom told her, “Mary if you let some boy get into your panties, get you pregnant and you have a baby your dreams of going to law school or medical school would likely be out the window and gone with the wind and probably gone forever.”

Mary replied, “I understand, Mom, and I’m not going to let that happen to me, Ok? You know what my aims in life are and I’m not going to let anything like that interfere with my life goals.”

Mary’s friends in high school were very much like she was with respect to her intelligence, her beauty and her fabulous figure. Her best friend from high school, Trisha who resembled Mary in many respects. She was very pretty, she was about the same height and she had that same hour glass figure. Trisha also had those beautiful sparkling blue eyes that melted most guys’ hearts especially mine. In short, she could almost have been a twin sister to Mary, my sister. Trisha, like Mary, was very sweet with an affectionate, gentle disposition, too. I always liked her and being around her and I think that she liked me, too, since she was always very sweet and very friendly to me.

Trisha was just as gorgeous as Mary, she had a pleasing disposition and she never had any problems getting along with others or getting dates just like Mary did. Trisha was an only child and her parents thought the sun rose and set with her. She was their precious baby and their Princess just like Mary was to us. They did everything they could for her and maybe they did too much for her as she kind of led a sheltered life or at least a pampered life anyway.

Since Mary and Trisha were such good friends she spent a lot of sleepovers at our house with Mary and I got to know her almost like I was her big brother. Mary spent a lot of sleepovers at her house, too, and Trisha’s parents got to know Mary very well and they knew of me, her brother through Mary. I saw a lot of both Mary and Trisha running around our house in their panties and bras during their sleepovers. Seeing Mary run around the house in her panties and bra was one thing but adding another gorgeous young girl to that almost put me over the top. And holy shit, did I always want to have a piece of Trisha. But, I really couldn’t pursue her here in our home. Mom and Dad sure as hell wouldn’t like it or put up with it. If I had tried to get into Trisha they would have had my ass in sling.

Many of my friends and Mary’s friends from high school also went to state college just as Mary and I had done including Trisha. Mary’s best friend from high school, Trisha was a cheerleader in high school. And she was a cheerleader in college, too, who knew all of the jocks on the football and basketball teams.

After Trisha’s second year in college she decided to drop out of school and marry one of the football jocks. He was a really good looking guy and had his pick of all of the girls and he took his picks, too, many of them. However, he had the disposition of a sidewinder rattlesnake at times. I told Mary, “I think that he is dumber than that proverbial box of rocks.”

Mary responded, “Mark, just don’t you say anything like that around Trisha but, I think you’re right about that. I really don’t know why Trisha can’t see through that jerk but, you know what they say -- Love is blind. And I guess he has really brainwashed her. But, I thought that she was intelligent enough to see through that brainwashing.”

That did not seem to matter all that much to Trisha because she married him anyway. Even though both my sister and I thought that as good looking as he was he was still dumber than the proverbial box of rocks but, Trisha married him anyway. That sure disappointed her parents as they tried everything they could to talk her out of it. Trisha’s husband had just graduated from college a year before they were married.

How he was able to graduate from college was a complete mystery to us and a whole lot of other people, too. Just how the hell he did it, Mary and I could never figure out and he got flunky jobs around town and they lived in a rundown apartment. Trisha had to get a job in a grocery store to help them pay the rent and buy groceries.

Not long after Mary had moved in with me we had ordered pizza for supper. We ate the pizza along with watching TV on the love seat and we drank one of the bottles of the several bottles of wine I had in the apartment. Being pretty well buzzed from the wine one thing led to another and we ended up in my bedroom making love. Thank God, I was still sober enough to make sure that I wore a condom before we made love. Mary was too buzzed to think about us using protection when we made love and God was she so affectionate and responsive to my touch during our love making. God, I really love her and she really loves me, too and our love became even deeper that night.

Later after we had time to sober up a little if got to thinking, ‘I don’t know if it was because Mary is my sister or what but, making love with her was the finest love making I think that I’d ever had.’ I couldn’t believe that she had multiple orgasms or maybe it was just one long continual orgasm but, it really didn’t matter. I really didn’t know or care as long as we both enjoyed what we did. Later I told Mary, “Honey, making love with you tonight was the finest love making I have ever made with anyone and I really love you, Honey. You are the sweetest woman I have ever known unless it might be our Mom.”

Mary replied to me “I loved it just as much as you did, too, Mark.” She also told me, “I gave you my virginity tonight, Mark, because you’re my brother. I have always wanted to give you my virginity because I love you so much. And I love you even more now, since I have given you my virginity. I did just what Mom told me to do and that is to only give my virginity to the man I really love and who I know really loves me”

I said to myself, ‘Good God, how could any stud my age not want to make love with her as sweet and gorgeous and loving as she is and she always has been? Man, I could not love her more and I still do.’

I just held her tightly in my arms and kissed her tenderly and told her, “I have always loved you and your giving me your virginity tonight has made me love you even more, Sis.” Needless to say we made love often during the time she lived with me always taking care to make sure that we had contraceptive protection in place. Every time we made love, Mary always reached a huge orgasm and she always told me. “I have always loved you making love with me, Mark, and, I want to continue to make love with you as long as we can. That always makes our love making that much more special, Baby.”

One evening while Mary was still at the school library doing research for a class, Trisha called sounding as though she was rather upset and asked, “Mark, this is Trisha. Is Mary there with you right now and may I talk to her, please?”

I told her, “No, Trisha, she’s still at the school library doing research for one of her classes.” I went on to tell her, “Mary should be home in a half hour or so. Do you want me to have her call you?”

Then she asked, “Mark, can I come over to your apartment and wait with you for Mary to come home?”

I told her, “Sure Trisha. You sure can. Come on over. I’m not going anywhere and I’ll be here waiting for you.” She got to my apartment in about ten minutes.

When Trisha came in I could tell by her very red eyes that she had been crying probably nearly uncontrollably. She immediately threw her arms around me, laid her head on my chest and began sobbing with tears streaming down her pretty face. I held her tightly and tried to comfort her as best I could. Through her sobs she said “Oh, Mark, thank you for allowing me come over here with you and Mary. When I had gotten home from work this evening my worthless husband had another girl in our bedroom and he was screwing her.”

“I yelled at him, ‘What the hell is going on in here?’ and he replied, ‘What the hell does it look like, bitch.’ Then he went on to say, ‘If you don’t like it you can get the hell out and stay out I don’t have time for your crap’.” Trisha continued, “Then I gathered up a few things and left. That’s when I called you to talk to Mary.”

Just then Mary came into the apartment and she asked, “Hey, Trisha. What’s happening, Mark? What’s going on with you and Trisha?” It was like she thought I was trying to get into Trisha’s pants.

Trisha threw her arms around Mary still sobbing and repeated what she had just told me and she told us, “I just didn’t know what to do or where to go when I thought of you and Mark and thought that you might let me stay here with you for a while.”

“When I got married my parents had such an objection to me marrying that box of rocks that they told me, ‘You are going to regret it, Trisha,’ and they did not want me back in their house.” Mary looked at me with a knowing expression on her face as if to say that we both understood her parents concern about that situation but, they really went too far. Then Trisha said, “Since I had nowhere else to turn I thought than you and Mark would help me out and let me stay here with you for a while until I can figure out what else I can do.”

Again Mary looked at me and said, “Mark we can’t throw her out in the street. We have to help her and let her stay here with us, Ok?”

I replied, “Yeah, Mary, you’re right. We can’t throw her out on the street and we’ll have to let her stay here with us. It might be a little crowded but, we’ll make do somehow or other.” I thought to myself, ‘Now I had two gorgeous, shapely young women living in my apartment. And yeah, you can call me a disgusting pervert and a pussy hound just like every other young stud with a hard tool and a big pair of ball swinging between their legs.’

Still sobbing Trisha threw her arms around Mary and thanked her and then she stepped over to me, threw her arms around me and thanked me with the tears still streaming down her face. Trisha said, “The only two good things that have come out of this, Mary, is that you and Mark have allowed me to stay here with you. And I have been on the pill all of this time and I have not gotten pregnant with that bastard’s baby.”

Later, Mary and I talked and I told her, “Maybe subconsciously she thought that her marriage wouldn’t work out with that box of rocks in the first place and that is probably why she continued to stay on the pill. She would have been best off not to have hooked up with that two timing bastard in the first place and made him wear a condom each of the few times they had sex.”

After Trisha hugged me, if nothing else came out of this, it was really nice to have her press her big boobs tightly against my chest. Then I really had to wonder, ‘How nice those big bare boobs would feel pressed tightly against my bare chest as I slowly slid my hard dick all the way inside her tight pussy.’ Now my perversions were really showing and if Mary had known what I was thinking she would have slapped my shoulder and called me a nasty pervert. But, what the hell, I can’t be any different than any other guy with a big dick and full balls would be in that same situation.

Then I asked Trisha, “Do you have things in your car that you want me to help you bring into the apartment for you?”

She said, “Yeah, Mark, I do. And I’ll go out with you and unlock the car for you and help you get my stuff and bring them into the apartment.”

“Do have other things that you still have at your other apartment that you want to get and bring over here?”

“Yes I do, Mark. But, that’ll have to wait until tomorrow. I don’t want to go over there tonight while he is in the apartment and tomorrow we can go over there and pick up my stuff, Mark”

“Well, Trisha, we’ll go over there tomorrow after Mary and I both get home and get your other stuff for you.”

“Oh, Mark, you’ll do that for me?”

“Hell yes, Trisha, I’ll do that for you. You’re Mary’s best friend and you’re my friend, too. What I would do for Mary I have no problem doing that for you, too.” She just stepped over to me threw her arms around my neck and kissed me on my cheek and neck. Damn, there went my dick again. I could see tears beginning to form in the corners of her eyes. I could not resist kissing her in a comforting manner and it made her tremble a little bit as I did.

We brought Trisha’s stuff in and put it in Mary’s bedroom and since Mary’s bedroom only had a single twin size bed and I had a queen size bed Mary told me, “I’ll sleep in your bedroom with you, Mark, because there isn’t room in my bedroom for both me and Trisha to sleep in that small twin size bed.”

I thought, ‘Holy shit, I am beginning to reap the benefits of this situation already. Yeah, the pussy hound in me strikes again.’

Mary looked me in the eye when she saw the gleeful expression I had on my face! She read my mind, slapped my shoulder and said, “Shut up, Mark, I know what you’re thinking, you damn sex pervert.” But, she just couldn’t suppress the smile she had on her face though. I should have told her, ‘You are just as much a sex pervert as I am with that smile you have on your face.’ but I know when to keep my damn mouth shut, sometimes.

At this point, Mary sure as hell would never let Trisha move into my bedroom and Trisha probably would never do it either. Mary knew that it was too much to ask me to give up my bedroom and my bigger bed to them so that was the best arrangement that we could come up with at the time. That night when we got into bed, my very savvy little sister quietly told me in no uncertain terms with her back to me, “Mark, although we have been making love occasionally and even though I love you very much we’re not going to be making love every night understand?”
