 A klop-klop-klop sounds the morn, which means mom's up, chopping vegetables - most probably the carrots and cucumbers she'll serve in lunch's salad. To my expectation, I find her aproned curves behind the counter. The lower knot of the garment sits just above her ass, the straps' lengths neatly sinking into her smooth crack. She knows what's she's doing. I forward with delight.

"Good morning, Mom," I greet her, slipping my fingers into her 'purse.'

"Ooooo! Good morning, my handsome boy." In one expert clench, she vices my fingers. "It's quite humid today, don't you think?" she smirks over her shoulder, zipping my digits even tighter against her soak.

"What's the matter, Mom?" I hook her closer, my breath standing the tiny bristles on her neck. "Are you afraid to get wet?"

"Of course not, baby. As long as I have my breakfast - I'll be ready for anything. And speaking of breakfast..." She grips my vigour. "Is this Mommy's banana?" She strokes. 

I knew I wouldn't regret undressing before approaching her. Still, it's too soon. I need to swallow my instincts, the ones that tell me to trust into her supple grasp. So I gulp and seize her tits. "Only if this is my milk," I grin.

"Oh, baby - so rough," she gasps, my fingers moulding her mounds. "You must be starving - let Mommy set the table."

We relinquish our eager palms, damp with sweat. Mom turns around, bringing each of her hands to her fastenings. She pinches the strands and pulls them slowly, an agonising tease to endure even as the knots come undone. Her languor draws the first drops my pre-cum to the tip of my cock, until... Her apron cascades all the way down, and my dribble follows suit. 

I never get tired of seeing my mother undress for me. That's right - I'm a regular incestuous bastard, on the verge of sinning with my own mother all over this kitchen. I'm just waiting for the bell.

"Well, darling?" She fondles herself, her nipples popping through her fingers. "Come and get it."

Her entire body embraces me as I throw myself into her, our tongues twisting between our hungry lips, my fingers squashing her plump ass. Mom's moans, huffs and giggles all resonate through my throat, vibrating straight to my dick as it grinds against her sopping pussy, lathering me from base to tip.

Her breach for breath is my cue to slurp her neck. She moans as her fingers rake my hair, while the other hand hugs me closer, stabbing her excited nipples straight to the depths of my perverted soul. And that's when I feel it - warm streams, delicately thin, flowing over my pounding chest to my swelling balls.

I jar back, regaining my hold on Mom's bountiful tits - only this time: their lactating, beckoning my mouth with a spritz of opal pearls. I follow the trail, swallowing her areola whole. My tongue prods her nipple's leaking slit while the other one helplessly sprays between my tweezing fingertips. Mom swoons, her leg rising and curling around me. Her slipper claps against her heel with the sway of my voracity.

I straw her tits back and forth, juggling, biting, guzzling as she choirs in pleasure, grinding me harder, pounding her inflamed clit against my obliques. 

"Baby... Ah... If you... Ah... Don't stop... I'm... Ah... Gonna... Ahhhhhhh!" It's too late, she combusts, shivering raptures of ecstasy as I hug her with my body and mouth. I let go after the final twitch, rising to stare into the gleams of her hazel eyes. "H-how was your milk, sweety?" she blushes, her brunette furls frazzled and threatening to snap her hair clip.

"Delicious, but it seemed a little sour," I grin.

"Humph," she throws the pretence of a scowl away from me. "You must've curdled it with all that groping, you dirty mother-fucker!"

"Hehe... Better wash it off with some honey before the taste starts to stick." I bend down and slide her slender leg out its slipper. She looks down, begging me with those soppy eyes. I suck her toes one by one, never leaving her gaze, before anchoring her foot on my shoulder. This pose gifts me the perfect view of mom's honey pot. She trembles as I near it, lips ajar - both pairs, that is.

I nuzzle her clit to throw her off and then devour her whole. She sings like a harp. Oh, the smell, the taste, the feel of Mom's juicy pussy all over my face, my lips, my tongue. It's enough to make me wanna dive straight into where I came from, and I will - but with a different head.

"Oh, baby, you really are after Mommy's honey, aren't you?" she whines, her toes digging into my shoulder. "It's coming! IT'S COMING! YOUR HONEY IS CUMMING!" I spit her out and she rubs her clit wild, fountaining a spray of golden orgasm all over her own son. "Ah... Fuck... You made me pee on you... Fuck, my baby boy made me shower him with my own piss!"

"Ah, Mom, you're so hot and dirty." I stand on my knees, indulging in the warmth of mom's honey as it flows to my crotch. Yet my luxuriance is interrupted by the sudden feel of cool smoothness up against me - mom's pestering my exposed rigidity with her foot, using her own piss as lube.

"That's a good boy," she smiles. "You made Mommy cum twice already, so just sit back and let me return the favour."

I obey, sinking into my pose as she strokes my cock with her foot, gracefully and precise. Mom deserves every drop of my thick spunk, on any part of her body she wishes. "Oh, Mommy, I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum on your gorgeous foot!"

"Only one!?" She bares her other foot, dragging it to my throbbing need. I clench, straining to savour as much of her expert footwork as I can until I blow. She's practically dancing on my dick, swapping between stroking my length with her soles and kneading my balls with her toes.

"Oh, God - I can't hold it!"

"Then cum, baby!" she huffs. "Cum on Mommy's feet!" My load bursts like lightning, glazing her unabated feet as they pump me mad with euphoria. "Yes! Yes! Yes! That's it, baby!" My jets are seemingly ceaseless, until I dip back, collapsing in the glow of sexing Mom's feet. "No, no, no - Mommy doesn't like limp bananas!" she scolds, diving onto me gawp first.

My dick tunnels into her maw. I cringe as the very essence of my soul is pulled into my shaft to get it hard again. But suck by suck, lick by lick, pain turns to pleasure, and pleasure turns to greed. I grab her head and thrust deeper. My balls slap her chin as I fuck her mouth. She moans, gags, and swallows all in one as I mess the back of her throat over and over again. "Yes, Mom, drink my balls dry, you greedy bitch."

She spits me out. "What are you waiting for? Stick that cock in Mommy's cunt!"

The counter rattles and shakes as I plough mom doggy-style. "Yes, fuck Mommy's pussy! Fuck Mommy's pussy," she chants, inciting me to pound her harder and faster. "Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!" That mouth will be the bane of me, so I grab the half-cut carrot, one she was busy chopping before I interrupted, and stick it down her vulgar throat. 

"You like being dp'd, don't you, Mom?"

"Mmmmm..."

"Then let's take this further." I pull out of her pussy and plunge into her ass, reaching for the virgin cucumber to fill her empty snatch. "There-ah-we go, you greedy little-ah-whore of a mother - you're all-ah-full now!" She bucks and shudders as I give it to her relentlessly, spanking her red, riding her like a paid slut - until... "Oh, fuck, yes!" I grease her asshole with a thick load. Our climax bullets the cucumber straight from her convulsing vagina. The carrot vacates its home too. 

"Oh, yes, baby! Fill Mommy's ass!" My cum seeps from her ass and crawls down her used pussy, mixing with its juices. She holds the carrot under us, coating it with the dripping brew of our orgasms. I pull out, leaving her hole gaping for air as it gurgles my seed. "Baby, that was so dirty. And you're still hard!?" Her eyes bulge in horrendous excitement.

"Of course, Mom - with a beautiful woman like you to fuck whenever I want to, my dick's always ready for another round; it's my stomach that's the problem though - I'm starving. Can I eat strawberries and whipped cream from your tits or something?" 

"Mmmm, that does sound sexy, but it doesn't quite satisfy this filthy mood you got me in."

"Huh?"

"Sit tight, baby! I have an idea!"

Munching her cum coated carrot, mom makes for the cabinets - grabbing some easy-mix porridge, strawberries and whipped cream. All I can do is shiver in anticipation as she tosses the ingredients into the blender, squirting some milk from her teats too before closing the lid. While the blender does its job, she lopes to another cabinet, munching on the last of her violated veggie. What she pulls out this time really has me on edge - the poultry baster! 

The blender beeps its finish and she innocently saunters back to it, baster in hand. She removes the lid and plants the baster, sucking the smoothy into its cylinder. "Are you watching, baby?" Bending her ass towards me, she brings the baster to the gape of her ass, shoving and feeding the mixture in. She lays the empty baster on the counter, still bending without spilling a drop of the breakfast-enema. My hand involuntarily jerks my newfound arousal as I await mom's next command. "Don't forget to slurp," she winks, her head dangling between her legs. 

I kick off, plunging my thirst straight into mom's ass, lifting her by her thighs and heaving them over my shoulders. The momentum carries my pulsating phallus straight into her mouth again while I lap the syrupy gush from her ass. I gulp and thrust incessantly, remembering that my cum was the very first slick to coat her sacred log cutter - but I don't care! Anything my mother excretes is sweeter than nectar, and from the sounds of her hanging gags, she feels the same way about me. Oh, mom - please cum with me. Cum with me as I murder your throat with my thrusts. Cum with me as I drink your chunky ass dry.

"ERRRMM!! UGGGGHHH!! MMMMMMM!!"

Her thighs s'more my head. Her legs lock behind my head. My hands grip her head and shove, smooching her lips with my obliques as I feed her tummy and her rectum feeds me. The orgasm fades my ravenous senses and I collapse before I finish the meal. Mom's orgasm squirts her ass-broth all over me, running down my ribs and onto the floor.

"NO, MOM! I wasn't finished!" I yell, spurting between what feels like her tits now.

"Oh no, I was a bad momma," she pouts. I grit my teeth and grab her butt. Her sloppy gape devours my cock without restraint. The porridgy lining of her walls sends shivers up my spine as I pound her like a thunderstorm. My balls convulse their final rivers and the orgasm makes mom piss herself stupid. She gasps like an asthmatic. "Oh, baby, that was incredible! Promise to help me clean up afterwards and we can eat all our meals like this!"

"Sure, Mom. Where's the mop?"

END