 As always, my characters involved in the sex are all over the age of 18. Since this is my fantasy, there are no STD's or unwanted pregnancies. All of my characters enjoy good hygiene so showers are only mentioned when part of the sex. They also eat when needed; none of my characters go hungry. 

The names have been changed to protect the not so innocent.

This story is my tribute to the author RGB650. The specific story is A New Life. The story was originally published on Literotica in 2004. Although his stories have popped up on various sites over the years, it was only the same two stories over and over. If RGB650 is still active, I hope he likes what I do with his story.

Please enjoy, comments are always appreciated and high votes massage my ego.

*****

We live in a relatively small town located pretty much in the middle of nowhere. We had one school serving both primary and secondary schools. There was a tiny hospital for emergencies but anything serious was sent to the hospital in the next town. There was only one church in town and a handful of businesses.

My dad was the pastor of the Community Church of Collingswood, the only church in town. In his forties, he stood tall and proud at around six feet tall. He was beginning to grow a small paunch as he increased his weight which, at the time these events occurred, was about 190 pounds. He had piercing dark eyes, silver tinging his hair, and was what you would call a Fire and Brimstone preacher.

Mom was a few years younger than my father and pretty spectacular herself. Long mahogany hair with tinges of copper that hung below her shoulders, green eyes, and luscious plump lips. She must have been around five foot five and weighing maybe 125 pounds, I guess. At that point in time, I could not have told you anything about her figure since she always wore loose, baggy clothing. Almost an Amish wardrobe.

My twin sister, called Sissy by us all, was a pocket version of Momma. Her hair had been the same colours as our mother's at one time but, now in a rebellious phase, she sported dyed blonde hair with her natural copper highlights. Part of the rebellious phase meant that she would leave the house dressed in Amish mode as dictated by our parents, and would change clothes at her first opportunity. That meant that around school and the town, I would have the opportunity to check out her body. Sissy was quite popular since she was as sexy as all get out. Great legs, a firm tushie, and beautiful perky C cup breasts.

Me? Nothing in particular stood out about me. I stood just under six foot by the age of eighteen, 170 pounds, and the same mahogany hair as my mother and sister. I was in pretty good shape being very active in sports. There was not much else for a senior in high school to do in this town except for sports. Our town had a movie theatre but it was old with limited seating and only played one movie at a time, generally changing features monthly.

Our lives were fairly sedate, I guess. Church activities that Sisssy or I could not worm out of with any kind of excuse filled three evenings weekly as well, of course, all day Sundays. Momma was a great cook meaning that there were few evenings we did not have parishioners at our dinner table.

Poppa missed no opportunity to spout off about his religious beliefs. Like I said, fire and brimstone. And like that minister in the movie "Footloose", Poppa hated the idea that his parishioners might enjoy their lives. He preached constantly about the perils of dancing, showing off one's body, and, of course, loose behaviour. 

Sex was not for anyone, married or not. He definitely had a screw loose somewhere. His views must have been passed down to him by his mother. Gramma shared his views and wasted no opportunity to make those feelings known to her daughter in law and grandchildren. 

I did not know where Grandpa stood since he said little. Especially around his wife, his son, and his daughter in law. He loosened up a great deal when they were not around.

Our story starts one Friday night in the early spring. Momma and Sissy were preparing dinner while Poppa and I were working at other household chores when our life was changed by a portentous phone call.

It was the owner of the one local gas station and service center. A car had limped into town with a couple of salesmen. Their car was in need of a new water pump. The station owner explained he could not get one ordered in until Monday leaving the salesmen stranded in town for the weekend. 

One of the businesses missing in town was a motel. When needed, townspeople or travellers finding themselves homeless, Poppa would open the church doors in order for them to stay in the recreation room. Over the years, the deacon's council had purchased rollaway beds and portable screens just for these occasions.

So, Poppa went to fetch them home for dinner before making them comfortable in the town's overnight accommodations. Dinner was ready to be served when the pair arrived.

I was startled by the appearance of the travelling pair. They were not dressed like I imagined all salesmen should be. I had pictured two gentlemen dressed in suits and ties. These were not the men who appeared at our house that evening.

Both of our guests were brutish looking in appearance, wearing jeans and T-shirts. Their clothing did not look to be especially clean. Neither were the brutes for that matter. There was no escaping their odour. Poppa did not seem to notice or did not care about their appearance. I guess he just felt these lost souls needed aid. They were also a new audience for his preachings.

As dinner progressed, I inquired as to what products they represented. One muttered something about machinery while the other stood up from the table inquiring where the bathroom was located. Receiving directions, he left immediately.

After an exceedingly long time, the bathroom breaker returned. I hoped he had not stunk up our only bathroom since I would need to use it before too long.

"They have a lot of stuff here, Dick. Worth a few bucks," said the shitty brute to his companion.

"Great!" replied the other.

Poppa and Momma exchanged puzzled looks.

Standing up, Dick removed a revolver from under his shirt as did Mr. Shitty.

"Pastor, you and your family are being robbed. We need money and your car to escape this pisspot town."

All of us were rendered speechless by the statement. And, the guns, of course. Poppa tried to say something but words would not come out.

"If you and your family do what you're told, nobody will be hurt. We can leave you safe," said Dick.

Momma and Poppa nodded in agreement. Sissy screamed and raced into Momma's arms. I sat motionless trying to come up with a heroic action that would save the day.

"We need to tie you all up. Do you have any rope in the house?"

Poppa nodded and was sent to fetch it, accompanied by Mr. Shitty. When the two came back, we were all directed to our parent's bedroom. After looking around the house, Dick returned with two of our wooden dining room table chairs. The so called "master" bedroom was small and pretty much filled by our parents' bed. Only two chairs took up the rest of the available space.

The two gunmen conferred in low voices for a few moments.

"Everyone strip!" demanded Dick.

Poppa apparently found his voice box working by then as he attempted to refuse the order. Dick leveled his pistol at my sister.

"No arguments! Everyone strip!"

No one moved. I was frozen solid. It was not the enforced nudity per se. You would think my thoughts would have been along the lines of "Great! I'm going to see Momma and Sissy's tits." Instead, they were, "Momma and Sissy are going to see my cock!" I could not imagine being any more humiliated than that unless it included them pointing and laughing at it.

"Pastor! Strip!" demanded Dick.

Momma began to argue, "No, no, no."

Sissy began to cry.

I stood still motionless.

Poppa began to unbutton his shirt. 

"Everyone, do as this man says. I don't want any of you hurt. God will understand."

Sissy was the first to begin stripping once Poppa had the ball rolling. Momma started crying as she began undressing as well. Dick turned to face me.

"Don't be a hero, boy. Take them off," he said waving the gun in my direction.

Of course, we moved slowly, no one hurrying to be the first person in the family to be naked. Poppa won the race without even trying. We all ended up standing naked in front of the brutes, each staring in turn directly at Dick, making sure not to check out the other family members.

"Pastor, you and the boy take seats on the chairs."

We did as ordered. I made sure my cock was hidden between my tightly clasped legs. Fortunately, I am a grower and not a shower so it was not too difficult to keep myself covered.

"Momma, you and the girl sit on their laps facing them."

They hesitated. Especially Sissy. I guess she did not want to be flashing me her naked body. As Momma and Sissy began to move, the shithead whispered something to Dick.

"That's a great idea. Ladies, stop."

I think both Momma and Sissy must have breathed a sigh of relief thinking they were going to be spared further humiliation.

"Mommy, you sit on the hero's lap and you, you are going to sit on Daddy. Move!"

"No!" exclaimed Poppa. "That is not right! My wife will sit with me and not with her son."

Dick shook his head. "Pastor, you just don't understand. I am in charge here. Not you. Mommy, sit on your son's lap right now or your family is going to start being hurt!"

The shithead laughed out loud. "Imagine what people will say when you are found like this!"

Momma offered no further argument. My eyes widened in shock as she moved into my field of vision. I wanted to look away but I just could not. My mother was one of the hottest women I had ever seen in porn, videos or magazines. 

Her reddish hair hung down framing her breasts. And, what breasts they were! Although not very experienced in assessing the size of women's tits, I had to guess she had D sized boobs. Momma's boobs were spectacular. Big areolae and thick nipples already standing at attention. 

Although her tits were fascinating, I wanted to take in all of Momma's body. She had a tight waist and her hips flared out leading my gaze down to her mahogany coloured muff. Finally, long toned legs. Momma had the classic hourglass figure. I wanted to admire her bum as well but circumstances did not allow for it. 

Even under these circumstances though, my cock was hardening at the sight of my amazingly hot mother moving towards me entirely naked.

"No, honey, don't give in!" shouted out my father. 

He just was not understanding that this situation was entirely out of our control. I think that point was hammered into him by Dick swatting him across the head with the butt of the gun. Poppa collapsed to the floor unmoving.

As she moved closer to me, Momma looked down to see that my staff was standing tall and proud. Her face blanched.

"Ricky, that is horrible!" she exclaimed. "Make it go away!"

"Momma, I can't control it. I've never seen a naked woman before."

"But, I am your mother. You must not have an erection because of me."

Rick and Shithead were getting impatient. Shithead grabbed my mother by the arm and pulled her the last steps to me. Dick shared his impatience pushing my mother down by the shoulder. 

"Oh my gawd," I thought to myself. My hardened dick slid up between Momma's thighs. I could feel it rubbing against her pubic hair. And, more amazingly, Momma's big, heavy tits were directly in front of my eyes. Her rock hard nipples were within reach of my lips had I tried to move.

My father was still unmoving on the floor. I had been distracted when my naked sister had rushed to his side and was kneeling beside him, crying softly. Was he dead?

Thinking he might be, my cock seemed to dwindle away, softening by the second. The Shithead interrupted this line of thought by tying Momma and I to the chair. Unfortunately, it brought my attention back to Momma's body sitting so close to me.

My hands and legs were tied to the arms of the chair and to its legs. Momma's legs were also tied to the legs but her hands were tied to the back of the chair on either side of my shoulders. She must have looked, minus the ropes, as if she were getting fucked. Oy! My cock was hardening again.

Dick and Shithead, having finished with my mother and me, turned their attention to Poppa and Sissy. My father still seemed to be unconscious. Between them, the two brutes lifted Poppa's body to the other chair. Dick made sure he was sitting upright and supported in place by tying him up very similarly to myself.

Sissy, tears still flowing but no sounds coming out of her mouth looked horrified as she was secured to the chair straddling our possibly dead father. The two brutes checked all the ropes and left the room. We could hear their voices diminishing in volume as they moved down the hall.

They were chortling. I heard one say to the other, "They won't want to be discovered like that."

Meanwhile, back in our chair, it seemed that neither Momma's body nor mine was paying much attention to the circumstances in which we found ourselves. My dick was hard pressed against the outside of my mother's fiery pussy. Her warmed pussy lips were wrapped around the outside of my rod. Momma's substantial bush was tickling me as well. Her massive tits were begging my mouth to suckle as if I were a child again.

Momma was ignoring Sissy. "Ricky, we have to get out of this chair. We can't stay like this," she said as I felt her pussy becoming wetter against my cock.

"Momma, I can't believe they left us like this!"

From the distance we could hear things moving and banging about. The brutes must have been searching for and gathering up our modest possessions.

Momma finally remembered the other chair. She turned her torso to look in their direction. That motion caused one stiff nipple to rub across my lips. 

"Sissy? Are you okay?" she called out.

My miserable looking sister tried to face my mother without any success. We could only see her backside. Not wanting too, but not able to avoid it, I realized Sissy had a great ass.

"I think Poppa is dead! He's not moving!"

"We'll get out of this soon, Honey," said my mother. "Stay calm. Someone will come."

"Momma," I interjected, "we can't be found like this!"

My mother stopped talking, disconcerted by the thoughts of what the townspeople would say about us all being discovered in these very suggestive positions. Poppa would definitely lose his parishioners. 

Sissy did not say anything more. I think she might have passed out. She appeared to be flopped over my father's unmoving body. Only the ropes were keeping her anywhere near upright.

Momma turned back to face me, sliding her even harder nipple back across my lips. I tried to catch it in passing. I do not think it was planned, it was more of a reflex action. Memories of long ago, perhaps?

Momma tried to slide backwards away from my hard staff but had no slack in the rope. She tried to lift herself up off the floor enough to cause the ropes to break. The only result was that my prick shifted its position. It was no longer standing straight up. It was more like an arrow pointing at its target.

Momma was rocking back and forth still trying to break the confining ropes. Naturally enough, she ended up with my cock piercing her pussy lips. I groaned in the realization that the head of my dick was right at the opening to her cunt. I could feel Momma's labia surrounding my little head.

It was too much for me to handle. The sounds from the front of the house had ended with the slamming of the front door and our car starting. Sissy and Poppa were both unmoving and I was ready to fuck my mother. Unbelievable.

Momma seemed to be suddenly overcome by an air of dejection as she slumped down on me. This left her boobs surrounding my head. I tried to fight it, I swear, but my head turned one way and the other. I kissed each D sized tit over and over again.

It finally sunk into Momma what I was doing. She pulled her torso away from my mouth with a solid jolt. At the same time, her movement slid her pussy forward just the tiny bit that allowed my staff to fully pierce its way into her cunt.

Circumstances be damned! My cock was buried in a hot wet cunt. It did not matter a whit to me whose pussy it was or where we were. It was my very first pussy. The first pussy for my virgin cock!

"Mooommmaa," I moaned.

"Son, stop, pull it out! Pull your penis out of me!"

Doing as I was told, I tried to withdraw. Not quickly though, I was reluctant to give up the warm pussy surrounding my dick. The ropes would only let me move so far before I was stopped. Momma was obviously not thinking clearly as she was trying to stand up again. The resulting movements meant I was fucking my mother.

"Mooommmaa," I moaned.

It felt so wonderful, this new sensation so much better than what my hand delivered. I was thrilled. I was fucking a real woman. Oh my gawd, I was fucking my Momma.

And, Momma was fucking me back. In trying to release our bonds, my mother had found herself caught up in being fucked. Caught up in the feelings of a hard cock ramming into her vagina. Unlike the sensations of shame and guilt, and some pain, when her husband was the moving force. Her vagina, her pussy, was wet and warm as her son fucked her.

The sensations each was delivering to the other, mother to son and son to mother, felt fantastically wonderful. So new, so different, so fucking fantastic. As much as the confining ropes allowed, the mother and son slammed their groins together. This was not making love, this was purely fucking.

Although neither mother nor son realized it at the time, being so focused on the sensations being delivered by their bodies, the chair they were bound to was rocking. The rocking intensified the feelings they were enjoying. They fucked harder.

I wanted to kiss my mother. It seemed the natural thing to do, to kiss the woman I was fucking. I leaned as far forward as I could but with little success. Our lips would touch only briefly before the rocking motions would tear us apart again.

I did the next most natural thing I could. I licked my mother's tits. I would try to catch her tit flesh between my lips to no avail. Instead I used my teeth to trap my mother's nipples.

"Momma, I...think...I'm going to...cum!" I stammered unable to hide the delight in my voice.

"No, Ricky, you mustn't," replied Momma. Her voice was firm yet she did not attempt to stop fucking me.

"No, Ricky. No, Ricky. Noooo, Ricky."

Despite her instructions to stop, Momma continued to rock me back as hard as I was rocking her. The rocking soon came to the point where the chair would move to only two legs on the ground at one time.

"Momma, we're fucking! We're fucking and I love it!"

No sense in not sharing the obvious with my gorgeous coppery haired mother. We continued slamming into one another as much as we could. The chair kept teetering from front to back. Eventually inertia overcame gravity and the chair rocked backwards before crashing back.

That final slam took Momma and me both past our physical limits. The crash took us both into climax mode. Momma's hot, wet pussy clamped hard onto my cock. I exploded rope after rope of my cum into my mother.

The orgasmic explosion was the center of my universe right then and there. I had lost my virginity. I had lost my virginity to Momma. The only true thought in my head at that point was when were we going to do it again. 

Momma must have been thinking similar thoughts as she put her arms around me and gave me a very passionate kiss. I was in the process of moving in to return her kiss when it hit me. I could not see since Momma was lying across my body but I knew it had happened.
