 *************************************************

 Copyright Oggbashan August 2006/2019

The author asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of this work.

This is a work of fiction. The events described here are imaginary; the settings and characters are fictitious and are not intended to represent specific places or living persons.

*************************************************

I was dreaming about the great sex I used to have with my ex-wife before we grew apart and she didn't want any sex at all. I woke up to a banging noise behind my head. I groaned as I looked at my travel alarm. It was about four in the morning. The banging continued. There was no way I could sleep with that noise.

It was a hot summer night and I had my window open as far as it would go. I thought at first that the noise was outside but it was too close.

I rolled out of the motel bed, pulled my jeans over my pyjama trousers and changed the jacket for my shirt. If I had to go down to the reception desk I wanted to be partially dressed. I slid my bare feet into my shoes, picked up my room key and went out into the corridor. My door was at the end furthest from the stairs.

The noise was coming from the next room. The door was slightly ajar as if it hadn't been shut properly. That was odd because my room's door had a powerful spring. I listened at the door. The banging was louder and there was a muffled grunt with each bang.

I pushed gently at the door. There was a woman's high-heeled shoe stopping it from shutting and a trail of clothes across the floor. I entered the room cautiously. Beyond the shower room I could see that the bedside lights were on. I tip-toed further and saw a woman's naked legs thrashing on the bed. If I was interrupting their lovemaking I would retreat hurriedly but there was no sign of a man's legs.

As I moved forward I could see a bare blonde pussy writhing on the bed and then her breasts tossing from side to side. What I could see so far was a very fit and attractive body but why the noise?

I gulped before turning the corner to see the whole woman. Her wrists were handcuffed to the bed head and a black ball-gag filled her mouth. She was banging the bed against the wall as hard as she could.

"Are you all right?" I said stupidly. What could I say? This might be part of her normal sexual play.

She shook her head violently and grunted as loud as she could. That was enough for me. I knelt beside the bed and unbuckled the gag that was cutting into her face. She spat the ball out and croaked "Water."

I fetched a plastic cup of water from the shower room and held it to her lips, propping her up with an arm behind her shoulder. That wrenched her wrists and she winced. She sluiced the water around her mouth before swallowing.

"What happened?" I asked.

"He jumped me and did this. I think he's taken my purse and my car."

"Shall I call the Police?"

"Yes," she said, "unless you can get me out of these handcuffs first."

"Where's the key?"

"How do I know?" She retorted. "They're not mine."

I looked quickly around the room. Apart from her clothes strewn across the floor when her suitcase had been upended there was nothing else. Certainly there was no sign of a key. I looked carefully at the handcuffs. They weren't police issue and didn't look very strong, strong enough for sex play but not to restrain a violent prisoner.

"I think I can cut these with tools from my car. Would that do?"

"Yes please," she said. "I don't want the Police and Fire Brigade seeing me like this..."

"OK," I said. "I'll be back in about five minutes. Meanwhile..."

I picked up the duvet off the floor and covered her from feet to chin.

"Thank you," she said quietly.

I collected my car keys from my room and went to my car. In the boot I had some new bolt-cutters I was going to use on my son's old fencing when I got to his house. I put them in a supermarket bag and took them into the motel. The clerk looked at me oddly.

"Forgot something," I said as I passed the office. He nodded.

Back in her room two quick snips and the chains linking the handcuffs were broken. I might have been able to cut the cuffs around her wrists as well but thought it better to leave them on her until the Police arrived.

She brought her hands down under the duvet.

"Thanks"

"Shall I get my mobile so you can call the Police?" I asked.

"Yes please."

In my room I picked up my mobile before putting it down again. There was too much data on that phone to risk handing it to a stranger. I had my deceased father's basic mobile as an emergency back up. I took that one. The only numbers in the memory were my son's and the automobile recovery service. I took it to her.

She rang the Police. Her name was Caroline Smith. She described her attacker as a tall fair-haired man who called himself Tony Jones. They had met in the motel's bar and he had introduced himself as a fellow delegate to the conference that she was to attend tomorrow. They had got on well, had consensual sex and then he had suddenly gagged and handcuffed her. He had taken her purse including her mobile phone, car keys and credit cards and had searched her suitcase.

He had been remarkably calm once she had been gagged and secured; taking his time as if this was a routine for him. The Police were on their way.

"What about your credit cards, Caroline?" I asked. "Can you stop them?"

"Yes, if I can use your phone again. I have insurance and a single number to ring. It is on the back of the label on my suitcase. Could you...?"

I brought the suitcase label to her and took it out of its holder. She rang the number and reported the theft.

"I know your name, Caroline." I said. "I'm Thomas Owens. I'm stopping here tonight on the way to my son in South Wales. Do you want me to stay when the Police arrive?"

"Yes please, Thomas. You can explain how you found me and..."

"You want a friend with you?"

Caroline nodded.

Before the police arrived she had found a night-dress and I had helped her to put it on. She couldn't get any of her normal upper clothing over the handcuffs.

The Police routine took forever. She had to go to the Police's rape suite to be swabbed and interviewed. I followed the Police car and waited for her. I had made a statement and had been interrogated about the bolt-cutters. Why did I have bolt-cutters in my car? They rang my son James about seven am. He confirmed that he had asked me to bring them. There was an old chain link fence in his garden that we were going to remove and it was too rusty to cut any other way. 

After a couple of hours I was allowed to take Caroline, with the cuffs finally removed, back to the hotel. We tidied up her room. I made her a cup of instant coffee. I sat on the only chair.

"What do I do now?" she asked, sitting on the bed.

"Attend your conference?" I suggested.

"I suppose so, but then what? I have no money, no car, no way of getting home..."

"Where do you live?" I asked. I knew the answer because she had given the Police her home address. It was about sixty miles away on the way to my son's house.

She told me.

"Then you have no problem," I said. "I can take you there on my way, if you can trust a stranger..."

She put her coffee down, walked across the room to me and sat on my lap, winding her arms around my neck.

"You've been great, Thomas. You rescued me, got me out of the handcuffs, brought me back from the Police station and I haven't said thank you properly."

She kissed me. I responded. She kissed me harder and then pulled back.

"Thomas?"

"Yes, Caroline."

"I don't want to be alone until breakfast and he's got the key of this room. Can we go to yours?"

I kissed her. We picked up her suitcase and moved next door.

Caroline stripped me slowly and sensuously. I removed her night-dress and stroked her body carefully. She made a production of fitting the condom. We fell on the bed. She wriggled underneath me and pulled my hands to her breasts. I stroked, kneaded, tweaked her nipples and kissed them. She held my head against her breasts as I licked and nibbled.

Her legs opened. Her hands pulled me up her body so that our faces were together. I kissed around her neck and her ears before she grabbed me and our tongues fought. Caroline was a noisy lover, grunting, screaming and yelling. I was worried that we would disturb the motel again so I grabbed her night-dress, wadded part of it and shoved it in her mouth. That shut her up but she became an even more active lover. She seemed to enjoy being gagged. 

My erection was becoming insistent by the time her hands pulled at my buttocks and impaled herself on me. I tried to hold on as she writhed on the bed. She was gasping through her nose as we thrust together. I shuddered and came into her. She kept yanking my hips against her until she reached a first climax. Her soft wetness grasped me again and again until I became erect again. This time we coupled long and slow until both of us were nearly exhausted. I pulled the sodden night-dress away.

Her tongue parted my lips as she clamped her muscles around my condom sheathed prick. That was enough to finish me. I collapsed against her body, my head next to hers.

An hour later I was still inside her. She woke me by stroking my back. Soon I had stuffed her mouth again and we were pounding each other until she had wrung me dry.

We went down to the restaurant for breakfast. Caroline borrowed my father's mobile phone again to ring her uncle. He would check her house, change the locks and leave the new keys with the neighbours. I booked my room for another night and told my son I would be a day late. He took it that I was assisting the Police with their enquiries and didn't ask any questions.

When I had taken Caroline to attend her conference at the local university during their summer break, I did the tourist bit, visited a nearby Stately Home and a Nature Reserve. We met up again for dinner. She was pleased that the conference had been a success. The Police had found her car, wrecked and burned-out, about fifty miles away. 

That night we used my room again. We took it easier from the beginning and I used all the tricks of foreplay I had learned over the years until Caroline was screaming silently into her night-dress gag in pleasure. I was glad that her room, next to us, was empty or I might have had to gag her more effectively to stop her waking everybody.

I rode her. She rode me. We lay side by side stroking each other. She put her back to me and my hands cupped her breasts and squeezed gently. When we tried sixty-nine it worked best with her on top. I lapped between her legs as she discarded the gag to slide her mouth up and down my tool. A leg clamped behind my head and pulled me deep as her mouth brought past the point of no return. I had to force myself away from her delicious pussy to breathe. Her leg pulled my face back again. I was drowning in her body and wondered if I would come up the customary three times before dying but she relaxed enough to let me gasp for breath a few times as she brought herself to a massive climax.

When we checked out next morning the clerk looked at us as if he was about to say something. Caroline glared at him. Anything he might have said died in his throat.

Caroline invited me into her house for coffee before I set off to visit my son. She asked me to call in on the way back and stay with her for the weekend instead of at a motel. I was very happy to accept her invitation.

I enjoyed working with my son. In a couple of days, despite the heat, we had cleared a large part of his garden and made progress on some decoration of his new house. James thought that I had been lucky to find a naked woman in a motel room. Such things didn't happen to him. I reminded him that he was married and shouldn't be thinking of other women.

Discussing the incident made me think that some of Caroline's story didn't wholly add up. Why hadn't the Police found some more information about Tony Jones if he should have been at her conference? He must have given some details when he arranged to attend it, including the name of his employers.

James was concerned that I was going to meet Caroline again. The fake Tony Jones had her address and her keys, even if the locks had now been changed. James thought I might be some danger either from the fake Tony or from Caroline herself. He asked me to use his grandfather's phone when with her, and leave my main mobile locked in my car. He even reprogrammed the emergency button on that old phone. If held down for twenty seconds it would send an alert message to him. He would be too far away to do much, but he could contact the police near Caroline's house.

As I drove towards Caroline's house on Friday evening my doubts grew. My son knew where I was going but should I be spending the weekend with a woman I barely knew who could have lied to me?

I was still worried when I arrived at her house early in the afternoon. She noticed.

"What's up, Thomas?" she asked, as we sat on her settee with coffee. "You seem reserved today."

"I've been thinking about your version of what happened with Tony Jones..."

"...and it doesn't ring quite true?" She finished my sentence.

I nodded.

"That's because it isn't wholly true. I couldn't tell the Police at first the real version. I was an idiot."

"How?"

"I met Tony Jones, but that isn't his real name and I don't know what his real name is, in an Internet chat room. We had been chatting for months. When I said I was going to the conference, he said he was going too. He took a couple of days before he announced that his real name was Tony Jones and he was a delegate from a bank..."

"Was he a delegate to the conference?"

"Tony Jones was. The real Tony Jones was there -- with his wife. At the time the pretend Tony Jones was with me, the real one was in the bar deep in discussion with other delegates including his wife who is also a senior bank employee. He had a solid alibi and doesn't look anything like the man I met. He's short, tubby with balding grey hair."

"So how?"

"The other man must have found details of the conference including the delegates and taken the name of someone he knew I hadn't met. I trusted him because he was a conference delegate -- but he wasn't."

"The handcuffs and gag?" I asked.

"The handcuffs were mine. I like being restrained during sex. The ball-gag was his."

"Did he know you liked being restrained?"

"Yes. That was what we chatted about - mild consensual restraint. I thought I would enjoy myself in a safe environment. I did enjoy myself, even with the ball-gag, until he had finished. I had told him that the keys to the handcuffs were in my purse. He opened it, took out the keys, asked if the other larger keys were for my house and car..."

Caroline started to cry. I moved her head to my shoulder and let her sob against it.

"And then he left me. It was about half an hour before you came and rescued me but he had taken my keys, my mobile, my car and all my cards. Thanks to you I managed to stop him using my cards and the mobile was a pay-as-you-go disposable one. My main mobile and my laptop were in the boot of my car. They were still in the burnt out wreck. He never opened the boot. He didn't really profit from the theft but my company's insurers are not pleased. It was a company car, company laptop and mobile."

"Do they believe your version, Caroline?"

"I think they and the Police do. He had booked into the motel as Terry Jones by internet and paid for it with a credit card in the name of Terry Jones but the address registered to the card doesn't exist. It is plausible until checked, a number 13, but the house that should be 13 is actually recorded as 12A. He was well prepared and the police think he had done something similar several times under the name of Terry Jones and possibly with other names as well. They have the motel's CCTV of him at reception but only of my car being driven away with no clear picture of the driver."

"What about his emails, Caroline?"

"I had them on my destroyed mobile and laptop but I accessed my account on my replacement. I was very embarrassed to copy them to the police and they have established he sent them from a protected site which they can't trace."

"Have you learned anything from the experience?"

"Not to trust internet courtship and to be wary of strangers, Thomas."

"But I'm a stranger you have invited into your house, Caroline."

"You're no stranger, Thomas. You rescued me, made love to me very effectively and..."

"And?" I prompted.

"...and the police checked you out very thoroughly. I know that you are who you say you are. I know your home address, where you used to work, your son's name and address and that your car belongs to you and is registered at your home address."

"And I know nearly as much about you, Caroline, except that your replacement car belongs to your company."

"So, not stranger Thomas, I have booked us into a local restaurant at seven thirty. Until then? I want to continue where we left off for breakfast at the motel."

She held out her hand. I took it and followed her to her bedroom. There we stripped each other. She left her clothing on the bed. The heavy curtains were shut and it was pleasantly cool compared with the hot sun outside.

Caroline produced some more lined handcuffs for me to secure her hands to the bed head. I worked up her restrained body from her ankles to her face, kissing as I went. I had avoided her sex and her breasts on the way up. When I moved back to her breasts I teased her as she tried to push her breasts against my mouth. Eventually I tongued her nipples and she began to squeal. I took the nightdress off her bedside table and gagged her with it as I moved downwards to penetrate her with my tongue. Even through the gag she was noisy and I knew exactly when she liked what I was doing. Finally I pushed my condom-covered erection into her as she writhed beneath me.

When I had reached my climax I slumped across her body. I was aware that her arms were holding me. How? I had cuffed her wrists to the bed head but I wasn't really in any state to work out how she had released herself. I was just enjoying being hugged by an attractive woman with my diminishing erection still deep inside her.

Eventually both of us were aware that I had a reviving sensation. Caroline flipped me over before using the cuffs to attach my wrists to the bed head.

"They are trick handcuffs, Thomas," Caroline said. "I can release them at any time so I can't lose the keys. Unfortunately I have forgotten to tell you how they work so you are really restrained, as I want you to be."

She sat up on me, pushing herself down on my erection. Her breasts swung above me, breasts I couldn't reach with my restrained arms or with my mouth. I tried to bring my head closer but Caroline leant back so my attempt was useless.

She bent forward again to stuff my mouth with her nightdress. She wound it around my head and tied it there with a bra.

"Now, Thomas," She said, "You can make as much noise as you can. No one will hear you except possibly me, and I'm not letting you go until I have finished with you for now."

She began, very slowly, to lift herself up and down, clamping her muscles around me so as to keep me inside her. Her breasts, so close but beyond my reach, bobbed in front of me. I watched them, fascinated as her movement and theirs became more animated. I couldn't make an intelligible sound but Caroline was very noisy as she worked herself into a frenzy. As she was at her height she grabbed her skirt and blindfolded me with it. All I could feel was Caroline's warm sex arousing me as her scent filled my nostrils.

She yelled "Yes!" as I came into her.
