 I never thought it would happen to me. Never in my wildest imagination, when I agreed to marry Mr Jones, did I think I would become the bored, ignored housewife, desperately clamouring...craving...for something...anything...to brighten up the gilded cage my life had become. 

I’ve become such a cliche. As I stood at the window watching my gardener pull up the driveway in his beat up Ford Ranger I wondered how I became this. I guess it’s easy when your husband’s never home. It’s easy when he’s much older and has decided he doesn’t want to fuck as much as you. On my back with the lights off is what I got twice a month and if he went limp in the middle of that I could recite his speech about stress at work perfectly and silently did so in the dark quite often. I loved my husband but struggled with his lack of interest for what seemed like an eternity and finally gave up the day I met Kyle.

My husband had decided we should change lawn services and I’ll never forget the day Kyle came by to give an estimate. In the shower that night with my dildo I remembered his strong, thick legs walking through the yard, his well-defined ass in his jeans and the way his black t-shirt fit tight across his wide chest outlining the definition. I slid my toy in deep, squeezing my tits as I imagined his body all over mine. Imagined riding his thick piece until my thighs burned. Picturing his semen smeared all over my sweaty body. This session was made all the hotter by the fact that my husband lay in the next room oblivious that his young wife was imagining fucking another man in the bed we sometimes shared. This aspect seared into me. It put a clean edge on the blade. I was so tired of feeling like I wasn’t desired. I was craving that sweltering lust; the thought of being covered in another man’s cum.

I stood at the upstairs bedroom window and watched him walk to the back of the yard. Kyle’s not young; he is a mature man. He’s in jeans and an old t-shirt. I put my hand inside my shirt and pinch my nipples making them hard. I take my whole breast and squeeze it. I’m only half conscious I’m touching myself. He is so unbelievably thick. His chest and back are surely suffocating in the tightness of his shirt. I want him so bad and I feel my pussy getting hot and wet, preparing itself for on onslaught of friction from a thick hard cock. He gets all the tools he needs from the shed at the back of the yard and as he walks towards the pool I can see the sweat start to trickle down his face. It’s also made a small stain at his stomach and I can see his weathered skin through the white of the shirt.

I walk out to the pool and he tries to pretend he doesn’t see me but he’s a liar. I see his eyes looking up in my direction even though his head’s down. He’s bent over a broken rake trying to fix it with a well placed screw. This isn’t the first time he’s been subjected to my presence. He’s seen my tiny thong under my skirt as I bent over at the fridge to get him a soda. He’s seen me sunbathe while he cleans the pool, watched me rub the slick oil over my body. I hope his stomach’s in knots knowing I’m coming his way. I hope he feels dizzy at the rush of blood to his cock. Stand up straight, let me see. Let me imagine my wet, full lips around it’s silky power while your hands press on the back of my head, forcing me to gag on your length.

“Hello, Mrs. Jones.” He straightens up. He can’t even look me in the eye. He smiles and looks at the sky knowingly. God I love it when they’re confident but act unsure of themselves. So much to play with.

“You know, we can just buy a new rake. Don’t worry about it.” He smiles and nods his head. His body is exquisite; a life working with his hands in the outdoors lends itself well to a man. His proportions are like sculpture. His upper body is so thick and defined all I can think about right now is his naked chest against my small frame. I want him to overtake me and pick me up in his calloused hands to back me against something solid, spreading my legs and pushing my thin shorts aside. I want him to fuck me like an animal.

“I don’t bite either.” This illicits a short chuckle from him. “Not unless you want me to.”

“Am I making you uncomfortable?” I muse

“A little.” His eyes looked right into mine and he smiled, looking down again, checking to make sure his cock wasn’t pressing to conspicuously on the zipper of his shorts.

“How old are you?” I rested against an old picnic table, it’s demise triggered by termites.

“Forty eight.”

“Why do I make you uncomfortable? You’re a grown man who I’m sure has been with loads of women. I’m sure you’ve been flirted with before. What is it about me that makes you nervous?”

“Mrs Jones, this is a potentially dangerous situation. I try to come and take care of things when I think you won’t be here. My mind isn’t exactly on work when you’re here.”

“What is it on then? Me?”

“Yes, you. Mr. Jones would fire me if he knew the things I think about while I’m trying to work.”

“A man like you wouldn’t be afraid of a little danger, I’m sure. And there’s a lot of things Mr. Jones doesn’t know. I like to keep it that way too.”

I sat on top of the picnic table, putting my feet on the seat. My legs were open just enough for him to tell through the space my shorts left I wasn’t wearing any underwear. My pussy was so wet from being near to him, I knew it could have easily started down the tender flesh of my inner thigh just below the lips. I saw him glance there and looked directly at him. I knew where he wanted to be. Deep inside there. I put my hands behind me on the table and crossed my legs and smiled at him slowly.

He stood in front of me and I could feel the heat coming off him and his hard cock through his shorts wasn’t inconspicuous anymore. He was resting his hands on the top of the rake and placed his forehead down on top of them.

“Come closer to me.” After a slow pause he laid the rake aside and pulled his gloves off his large hands. The sweat had trickled down his arms and was running over the veins corded there on top of the muscle. Give in. Realise you’re at the point of no return and give in. It’ll feel so incredibly good.

I spread my legs again slightly. “Where would you want to kiss me first?”

“I’d start on your mouth.”

“Do it then. Start on my mouth.” He bent forward keeping his body away from me. I could smell his thick hair before his lips touched mine. Shampoo, a dusty shed and sweat in that order. His mouth started shyly at first until I pushed my tongue against his lips. There was a flash fire and his mouth was fully opened and delving back with his warm, slick tongue.

I pulled away. “Where next? Where would you put your mouth?”

He was breathing heavily. “Down your neck to your breasts.”

“Take my shirt off and do it.” He came inches closer and kissed the side of my neck taking small nips with his teeth. He was so eager to get to my tits he pulled my shirt down in front.

“No. Take it off.” He pulled it over my head. Here I was in the back of my yard, on top of a rotting picnic table chest naked with him. Oh, his hard, full lips on my nipples. Sucking, pulling, watching the wetness left behind.

“Take your shirt off. I want to see you. I want to see your chest.” He backed away from me and pulled his shirt over his head. Such a peculiar way men do it, crossing their arms in front and pulling up and over. Placing their arms in such a position as to flex every muscle in them on the way up. Leaning their head and shoulders forward just enough to flex their abs. I saw a bead of sweat run down his stomach into the black hair there. He threw his shirt in the dirt.

He came towards me again and I put my foot up against his chest and held him back, “The shorts. Get rid of them.” I spread my legs wide and watched him unbutton, unzip and pull them down along with his underwear. He stepped out of his boots, pulled his socks off and kicked it all aside.

He was a God. Deep tanned weathered skin, dark hair all over his chiselled body, powerful thighs, and all this mine. This body mine right now to fuck. His cock stood up straight against his stomach. That I hadn’t seen in some time. This was a cock that was thrilled to be powerful and strong and had no intention of wasting a second of its life. My mouth watered when I looked at it. The glistening head, the small bead of fluid running down the side onto a vein underneath. All this delicious.

“Now, where do you want your mouth?”

“I want to eat your pussy.”

“Come here, say that in my ear.” Arms around me, hot cock pressed against my stomach and his hand on the back of my head pressing my ear to his mouth, “I am going to eat your pussy.” Hot breath, rasping whisper. I laid back on the table and let him pull my shorts down and watched him toss them away and spread my legs. He spread the lips of my pussy and bent down to lick my clit. There was nothing in the world that could accurately simulate a real live tongue there. Nothing. Everything else I had ever tried paled horribly.

“Put your lips around it, your whole mouth on it and suck.” He took everything into his mouth just like I wanted. Lips, clit, everything devoured roughly, hungrily. Sucking it in and running his tongue over it. My pussy was aching to be filled with his cock. Literally. The muscles inside grasping at nothing. It was a sweet pain I needed remedied right away. I wasn’t going to wait. I didn’t want his tongue delving in anymore, no fingers. I wanted his cock. Now.

The shed door was open and I decided I wanted to be fucked against a wall, not on a crumbling picnic table. I wanted him standing in front of me between my legs.

I brought his head up and kissed him deeply, smelling myself on his face. “I want you to fuck me inside the shed. Against the wall.” I walked in front of him and turned around to watch him stalking towards me. He had that glazed look that men get when they know they will so soon get to put their cock in you. When there is nothing else. No thought of consequences, no other care in the world except where their cock is going and they’re so thrilled.

I shoved some old brooms and shovels over and backed up against the wall. He lifted me and I wrapped my legs around his waist. Only the space for the length of his cock between our hips. I wrapped my arms around his broad neck and looked down to watch his flesh disappear into my body. There was that shock to the senses that always happens. No matter how many men you will ever fuck there will always be that initial shock of a cock sliding into you. Some alarm goes off deep in your head that a serious invasion has occurred. For half a second it’s the scariest feeling you could ever experience before you realize it’s the most primal, gratifying sensation you’ll ever know.

Some low growl escaped from his throat and I could have cum right then. He didn’t have to move, just keep making that sound with your cock in me. He moved closer, his chest against mine and he pulled out so slightly to surge in again. It was my turn for noise and I closed my eyes and moaned. “Fuck me. Ride me so fucking hard.”

I buried my face in his neck kissing, sucking, tasting his sweat, moving to his ear to do the same. His hips started moving. He thrust his cock so deep into me. I brought my arms down his back raking my nails as I went. I grasped his ass and shoved his hips into me over and over. “Kiss me.” He held my hips with one arm as the other one came up to forcefully take my face in his hand, then drifting to grip my throat. His kiss set me on fire. His hips had become a machine between my legs. “Oh God, yes. Don’t stop fucking.”

He then moved both his arms to take each one of my thighs in his hands spreading my legs further apart. That’s when his concentration kicked in. He looked down to watch his cock pound me. The faster he fucked the more I could feel the tension build in my stomach and hips, down into my thighs. Every time he hit my clit with his hips I could feel it get higher and tighter, concentrating itself. And when he hit my cervix I’d let out a short yell, my arms gripping the top of his broad shoulders. He groaned low in his chest.

“Cum in my pussy baby. Come deep inside me. Come on.” A pounding deep rhythm now, a total focus and deliberation. I knew the neighbours could have heard me crying out. He was now too. The pressure that had been building broke for us both as he shoved himself as deep as he could and spilled into me. His sweaty body was tight against mine giving my clit complete contact with his stomach. I could feel it pulsing against him like a tiny heart throbbing over and over again. My pussy grasping his cock as it pumped semen into my body. Thrust after thrust after thrust slowing down, but still deep. Then one last plunge. Nature’s way of ensuring not one drop is wasted. My legs hung limp in his arms. I was totally spent and satisfied. For now.