 This was an exciting time in my life. I just finished college and I managed to find a position close to where my parents lived. I had also found my first apartment. I invited my parents over but my Mom said she was too busy at the moment. That was just like my mother. My Dad told me would come over this Saturday morning.

Saturday arrived and I heard the doorbell. I let my Dad in and we hugged. We made a quick tour of the place. We walked into the kitchen where I was going to get us something to drink. My Dad came up behind me and put his hands on my shoulders.

"I'm so excited for you Jan," he told me.

Dad's hands send a chill throughout my body. I hadn't had sex in some time. Dad didn't stop there. He leaned down and kissed me on the neck. I turned around quickly to face my father.

"I'm sorry Jan, I shouldn't have done that."

My Dad must have pushed a button on me. I wrapped my arms around his neck and I kissed him in the mouth. Things got crazy from that point. Dad took hold of my shirt and pulled it over my head. I quickly unsnapped my bra and let it fall to the floor. Dad lowered his mouth and started to kiss my nipples. The tips of my nipples got hard instantly.

"Let's go back to the bedroom," I told him. Once we made it to my bed I took the rest of my clothes off and sat on the edge of the bed. I watched as my Dad stripped out if his clothing. When he finally pulled his briefs down I finally got to see his long cock. His dick had to be eight inches in length. Dad walked over to me and I took hold of his shaft. I stroked it a few times and then brought it to my lips.

Daddy placed a hand on the back of my head, urging me to take him down my throat. I was surprised I could take most of his length. I had my Dad hard within a few minutes. Dad pulled away and had me get on my back. He joined me on the bed and pulled my legs apart. He lowered his face and began lapping up and down my gash. I thought I was going to have an instant orgasm. Things got more intense when my Dad slid a finger into my pussy. 

I arched my back as Daddy got me red hot. I couldn't take it any longer.

"Please Daddy, I need your cock inside me," I pleaded.

Dad got to his knees and guided his stiff member to my opening. His large mushroom entered past my pussy lips. I screamed out loud when I felt my Dad enter me all the way. Our pubic mounds touched as I took every hard inch of Daddy's cock. Daddy used my pussy that morning. He circled his fat dick around inside me. He stretched my muscles out. Dad placed his arms on either side of me. He lowered his face and we kissed again.

I wrapped my legs around my Dad's back. I wanted him to stay inside for as long as possible. We must have fucked for close to an hour. 

"Please Daddy, I need your cum inside me!" I cried out.

Dad went even harder after that. I heard him grunt as he squirted his love cream into my belly. My muscles gripped his hard member as I squeezed out all his seed. Dad must have cum a good five minutes long. He slowed down then slowly pulled out of my drenched hole. Dad fell to the bed along side me. We kissed and held each other. Dad cock was pressed against my stomach.

"I have wanted to do that for the longest time," he told me.

I told my Dad I hope we would do that again very soon. Dad said he couldn't stop now. I went down on my Dad's spent cock. I licked off all of our love juices from his fat cock. Dad said he couldn't stay that long. My mother would be expecting him back home soon. We showered and my Dad got dressed. I was nude when I walked my Dad to the door.

"I'll call or text you later," he told me.

Dad left and I went back to my bed. I started to replay what just happened. I fingered my clit as I got my self worked up again. I had one more orgasm. Later that evening my phone rang. I answered it.

"Your mother is in bed now. I'm down in the basement."

I told my Dad that I could still feel his love cum inside me still. He said he wished he were there right now, having me again. I told my Dad I couldn't live without his cock being inside me. Dad said he would try and break away to see me as soon as was possible. I told him that I loved him and needed him. He hung up without saying anything to me.

It would be a few days before I saw my Dad again. He showed up one evening.

"Your mother is out with her friends. I have a couple of hours."

We went directly back to my bed. This time I mounted my Dad's staff. I slid up and down as my father raised his hips up to fill my pussy. I was wild for taking my Dad's cock. Dad cupped my tits with his hands. That always made me crazy with lust. Daddy told me that I was his. Only he could have me from now on. I told him I only wanted him and his hard cock in me. I rode his hard prick until my Dad told me he was so close to releasing.

"I want your baby seed Daddy!" I screamed out.

Daddy gave me this wild look as he dumped his hot batter into my greedy pussy. I wanted every hot drop of his cum in me. I finally collapsed on my Dad's chest. After some minutes we got calmed down.

"Are you serious about what you said? You want my baby seed?"

I told him I know it was crazy what I said but yes, I would let him give me a big belly. Dad said he needed to think about that. I hated when my Dad couldn't stay longer. He left me again with my pussy full of his cum. I know we are heading to some crazy place where we won't be able to back out. Daddy did say that he couldn't stay with my Mom much longer. He was thinking of leaving her.

I dream that Daddy will impregnate me soon and we can live together. Time will tell.