 I was the only son of a wealthy family. My father was a business man and we lived in a six bedroom mansion with a pool and tennis court, in its own secluded grounds. Mother was my father's second wife, his first died childless at an early age. I felt sorry for my mother, she hadn't had much of a life, forced into an early marriage by her father. How that came about was one year my father's company had a big celebration, and all his employees and their families were invited to a garden party at the mansion. Since my grandfather was an employee he took my grandmother and his daughter to the celebration where he introduce his wife and daughter to his employer. A week later he came home one night and announced that Maya, his daughter, was to be married to Pradeep Desai his employer.

This was a big step up for my grandfather, because the family was quite poor and he knew that his daughter would not experience the financial restraints that he and his wife suffered. My grandfather received a substantial sum of money, a dowry in reverse, for his daughter. My father paid for everything, purchasing the most expensive traditional Indian wedding costume possible for my mother. The whole event being the most grandest seen in the area. A year later I was born, the first and only child of Pradeep Desai, which made me something special in his eyes.

From what I remember as a child he treated my mother fairly well, I don't think he was violent towards her, I can't even remember him raising his voice. However apart from their wedding day he refused to allow my mother to wear his first wife's jewelry. Also he made her look after the house, by doing all the housework and cook all our meals. Even with his extraordinary wealth, where he could have hired housekeepers and cooks, he kept my mother tied to the house. It was only later I realized he was afraid that if my mother had time on her hands she might find interests outside the estate, and have an affair and run off with a younger man. 

As I grew up I was sent to all the best private schools where I would meet likeminded pupils, up until I was ten years old I thought all kids lived like me. I just thought it was normal, never realizing I was living a luxurious life. My views on life began to change when I was ten because at that point I was allowed to wander off the estate on my own to explore the outside world. I knew there was a river close by, but first I began to explore the roads close to the estate, and learn their names, which was when I realized that everyone didn't have the same life as I had.

After a week of exploring the local roads I headed for the river, a ten to fifteen minute walk from our front gate. It was fascinating. Along the bank there was a five mile stretch consisting of a few shops, a restaurant, and jetties belonging to a sailing club with small yachts moored out in the river. Past the commercial area there are woods and bushes encroaching right up to the river's edge, and during my exploration I found walks along the bank, as well as very secluded spots where lovers hang out in the evenings. 

There was a down side, during one of my expeditions in the woods I ran into a group of boys, obviously from the poorer side of town, and without warning they attacked me beating me to the floor. When I got home all blooded, my mother asked me what happened and just said that I fell out of a tree. The next time I saw the boys I ran for my life, that time they didn't catch me, but there were several times when they did catch me and got the best of me. I came to the conclusion that if I was going to take a beating, some of them should also feel what it's like.

I was big and strong for my age, so the next time I bumped into them I didn't run and gave them nearly as good as they gave me. This happened twice before realizing I was hitting the wrong kids, so next time I ran into them I pointed to their leader and said. 

"You're going down."

Immediately I jumped on him, knocking him to the floor, and was pummeling his face, before the rest of his gang realized what had happened, and pulled me off. I took another beating but this time there was more blood on my hands than on my face. The paths in the woods were narrow so the next time we met they passed me by in single file. Not a word was spoken neither did we look at each other, things were looking up. The next time we bumped into each other, the same thing happened they passed me in single file, not saying a word, except for the last kid in the line. He stopped in front me and asked my name, I told him "Remi" he nodded and walked on. 

Unbeknown to me the next time we met under these circumstance would be the last. As each kid passed me he said my name, Remi; Remi; Remi; Remi; Remi; Remi. Once the last kid had passed me I turned and shouted "Stop" They stopped and turned. "You all know my name but I don't know yours." Starting with the leader each stepped forward and said his name, then stood looking at me until the leader said.

"We're going fishing do you want to come with us?" I nodded and fell in at the back of the line behind the smallest kid, and from that point we became friends. I wasn't accepted as a gang member because of my situation, but over the years we spent a lot of time in each other's company. 

I was 17 when I became sexually attracted to my mother who was at that time 36. I would constantly watch her movements as she moved around the house, enjoying the jiggle of her breasts beneath her saree or the sway of her ass as she moved. Obviously at that age I did nothing about it because of the presence of my father who was at that time 67.

At 18 I left high school intending to go to college, but my father had other ideas, he wanted me to join him in his business. He said those four years in college would be wasted, because in that time he could teach me to run the company. He began to confide in me that his senior salesperson was defrauding the company, and my father wanted to dismiss him and take over his responsibilities, which meant he would be traveling quite a bit. To do that he needed someone to run the company, and who could he count on more than his own son. So I joined my father and began to learn the ropes and became head of the company in his absence. At first his travelling lasted a day or two which wasn't too bad, then it became a week then two weeks.

Opportunities began to present themselves when I was 20 years old. My father announced that he was going on a four week business trip and that I would be in charge of the business, with the help of a couple of trusted associates. He left for the airport on the Monday morning giving me a few days to come up with a plan. I considered asking mother to have dinner with me Saturday evening and thought about the restaurant by the river. Afterwards I planned to take her for a stroll along the river bank where the lighting is very poor.

With just the two of us alone in the house, Tuesday morning when I came downstairs, mother was in the kitchen cooking breakfast. I walked up to her put both my arms around her waist and kissed her on the neck.

"That was nice darling what was that for?"

"Just to remind you that I still love you." 

"You're so sweet."

Thursday evening on my way to bed I said goodnight and gave her a quick kiss on the lips.

"Your father wouldn't approve if he saw you do that."

"I know mom that's why I don't do it, but he's not here. If you object to me kissing you goodnight then I'll stop it." She looked at me and never said a word. I turned to leave but then turned back. "Since dad's not here and he usually takes you out," which of course was hardly ever, "If I book a table at a restaurant would you like to have dinner with me Saturday evening?" I waited nervously holding my breath waiting for her answer. 

"Yes darling that would be very nice."

Saturday evening I waited nervously at the bottom stairs, hardly recognizing her as she made her way down the stairs. She was a vision dressed in a light green silk dress showing a little cleavage and the dress just long enough to cover her knees. Her hair was longer than I ever imagined and swept across her head to cascade down across her right shoulder to fall across her breast. Never had I seen my mother dressed in the western style, she always dressed in traditional dress. She took the hand I offered to assist her down the last step. 

"Mom you look fantastic, you are so beautiful."

"Thank you darling, you look very hansom too."

She took my arm when I offered it and we strolled out to my sports car. I opened the car door and watched as she eased herself into the low seat. Her dress rode up above her knees making it impossible for me to take my eyes off her. Transferring my gaze to the little cleavage visible, I could just make out the swell of the top of her breasts. I stood transfixed at this vision until she interrupted my thoughts.

"Remi what are you staring at?"

"Err nothing, I was just thinking that you have never ridden in this car with me before. In fact I don't think that the two of us have ever been in any car by ourselves without someone being present." She just looked at me and smiled.

Since it was a warm night I had top down. As we drove along the road the breeze whipped her hair about so it looked like it was lashing her breast. I could see the other breast bouncing around as we sped across the roads uneven surface, and with the hem of her dress pulled up above her knees I could hardly keep my eyes on the road. When we arrived at the restaurant I helped her out of the car, and enjoyed the view as she exposed a little amount of leg, which she didn't seem too concerned about. Again she took my arm, letting go only when we reached the restaurant door, which I opened, before placing my hand in the small of her back, to usher her through. She stood close to me, our arms touching, as I spoke with the receptionist who confirm my booking and summonsed a waiter to show us to our table. 

My feelings for this woman as she sat in front of me looking so beautiful in the subdued lighting was increasing by the second. Several times she looked up from the menu and smiled at me, a smile that could easily be interpreted as sensual. The waiter returned and we selected various courses from the menu. 

"Would you like a glass of wine or perhaps a soft drink?" 

"A glass of wine would be very nice, thank you."

I knew my mother's preference for wines, since it was the same as mine. "Two glasses of white medium to dry house wine if you have it." The waiter nodded and left. There was very little talking while we ate although I did ask her why I hadn't seen her wear a dress before.

"Your father likes me to wear only our traditional dress."

By the time we had finished our meal the small dance floor, which I didn't know about when I booked the table, was crowded. It was an opportunity to good to miss, officially allowing me to press my body against my mother's, hoping she would find the touching of our bodies acceptable. I stood up, held out my hand.

"Would you like to dance?"

She looked at me, I thought she was about to decline my offer, instead she took my hand, stood up and said. "I would love to." She never withdrew her hand from mine as we made our way to the dance floor. It all started off respectably, with me holding her in the traditional ballroom style, and a respectable gap between us. But with all the bumping and jostling our bodies were soon forced together. The way we held each other also needed to change, my mother wrapped her arms around my waist with mine wrapped around her shoulders. We were close, very close, and for the first time I felt my mother's breasts being squashed against my chest. My arousal was obvious, I'm sure she must have felt me pressing up against her, but neither did she say anything or pull away. 

After a couple of dances we made our way back to the table had a coffee, talked a little then back on the dance floor for some more canoodling. It was early when we left, early the next morning, we were one of the last to leave almost getting thrown out of the restaurant because they were waiting to close up.

I persuaded mother that it was such a beautiful evening we should take stroll along the river bank. As we walked, occasionally our arms would touch, so when she never increased the space between us and the touching persisted. I slipped my arm behind her and around her waist, resting my hand on the top of her hip. The feel of silkiness as she moved causing her dress to glide across her underwear was the cause of my erection. And the feel the waist band of her panties only intensified my arousal. 

We came across a wooden bench seat and she asked if we could rest a while. We talked in general mainly about work until I asked her.

"Why doesn't dad like you wearing dresses, I also assume that it applies to skirts and blouses?"

"I don't really know darling he has always been the same. I'll let you into a little secret, when you're both at work I change into a skirt and blouse and wear them for most of the day, only changing back before you get home. Be honest with me Remi, now that you've seen me wearing both a saree and a dress, which would you prefer to see me wear?" 

"If you have other dresses and look as beautiful in those as you do in this one, a dress every time." 

She intended to pat my thigh and give it a squeeze, she gave it a squeeze alright but it wasn't my thigh. It took several seconds for her to realize what she was holding before she gasped and quickly removed her hand. Embarrassed, she turned her head away from me.

"Oh Remi I'm so sorry, what have I done, please forgive me, I never meant to do that."

"Its ok mom there's no need to be embarrassed, I liked that you did it, I wanted you to do it, I love you; I'm in love with you."

All the time I'm talking to her I reached up and cupped her chin and turned her head back to face me then kissed her on the lips. Not a passionate kiss but certainly not the way a son should be kissing his mother. She allowed me to kiss her a second time, whether it was out of guilt for touching me or whether she just hadn't recovered from my first kiss, I couldn't say. I began to stroke her cheek then her hair at the side of her head. As I stroked her, each stroke was lengthened until I was stroking the full length of hair as it cascaded over her shoulder and down to her breast. Before mother realized it, I was cupping and squeezing her breast.

She seemed unusually calm about my holding and squeezing her breast, all she said was. "Stop it Remi you're not supposed to do that I'm your mother, what would your father say if he found out?" 

"You are my mother, but you are also a woman, a woman I love, a woman that I want to make love to. Tell me does my father still look and feel about you that way. He's getting old, does he still touch you and make love to you?" She didn't say anything, just looked at the ground.

"I didn't think so, come on I'll take you home." 

When we got home she said goodnight and headed for the stairs. I said to her.

"Wait a minute don't I get a goodnight kiss for taking you out?"

"I think you've had your fair share of rewards for tonight, don't you?" I just stood there watching her turn away and walk up the stairs, and waited to hear her bedroom door close.

Whatever you think, that Saturday night our relationship did change. Sunday morning and every other morning after that I would come down stairs put my arms around her waist and she would automatically decline her head so that I could kiss her neck. She would say. "Good morning darling." Each night when I went to bed I would kiss her on the lips which she would return and say. "Goodnight darling."

I wondered what I could do for the following weekend and came up with the brilliant idea to take her to one of my secret secluded river bank spots I found as a kid, and have a picnic. I asked her Wednesday evening if she would like to go on a picnic with me, she said "yes." She seemed excited about it because according to her she had never been on a picnic and asked. "Where are you taking me?" I told her she would have to wait until Saturday and find out when we get there.

The hamper was already in the car when I called up the stairs to ask if she was ready, "Just a minute," was the reply. There was a stirring in my pants when she stopped at the top of the stairs and twirled around. "How do I look" she said. I was taking in a vision wearing a short, red flowery, strapless sun dress, with the hem just above the knee.

"You just get more beautiful each time you put on a different dress."

We walked out to the car arm in arm and I have no guilt at ogling my mother as she got in the car. I could have stood there watching her for weeks, just looking at her legs, and the top of her breasts, with the added advantage, because she was sitting down low, glimpsing the top of her purple bra cup. 

I parked quite deep in the wooded area and mother followed me to my secluded spot on the river bank. We laid a blanket on the grass and placed the hamper on top. Mother knelt on the blanket for a few minutes, watching the river as it flowed past. We decided not to eat straight away so she decided lay down and stretch out and I laid beside her. Her eyes were closed as I wrapped my arm around her waist, pulling her close as I bent over to kiss her. She kissed me back and for the first time her arms encircled my neck as she pulled me in closer. 

Our kissing became passionate, I was pressing my groin hard into hers, while she pressed her breasts into my chest. We made out like that for about ten minutes before I slipped my hand between us to fondle her breast. Even through her dress and bra I felt the hardness of her nipple, she moaned as I tried to squeeze it. "Maya." I called her name for the first time.

"Maya, Maya," she opened her eyes, "Maya I love you."

"Remi darling you shouldn't say things like that, I mustn't be unfaithful to your father."

"Do you love him?" She shook her head.

"Have you ever loved him?" She shook her head.

"Do you love me?" She nodded.

I kissed the exposed top of her breasts, and began to slip my hand up her dress. She clamped her legs tight.

"Please don't do that, you shouldn't treat your mother that way." 

After we had eaten and drank a half bottle of wine, I lay with my head resting on Maya's thighs, while she stroked my hair. We started to make out again kissing and cuddling, surprising me just how passionate she could be. Maya must have been aroused because she allowed me to slip a hand inside her bra cup and we continued to kiss as I rolled her hardened nipple between my thumb and finger.

"Darling what shall we do next weekend? You do realize that the weekend after, your father will be home and everything will be back to normal."

"I don't know I haven't given it much thought, and yes I do realize my father will be home."

"Are there any other restaurants you could take me to?" 

"There is one, but it's not appropriate for you." 

"Why not, what's wrong with it?"

"It's not the sort of place that you take a nice Hindu lady."

"Come on tell me all about it you have me intrigued now." 

"Maya you will not like it. It's for sexually motivate couples, it's renowned for its food, drink and drugs. There are no table's only secluded booths, in which you can't be seen. In the booth there is a table of course and a padded leather bench seat more like a sofa, big enough for two people to lie on. Get the idea. There is a dance floor and when some of the girls get high they take their tops off and dance topless."

"It sounds interesting couldn't we go and see it, we could pretend we are a couple?"

"No you still can't go because there is a dress code. Women are only allowed in if they are braless. They can wear some sort of top a blouse or sweater, they must also wear a mini skirt no longer than 14 inches. If there is some doubt on what a woman's is or isn't wearing they will measure and check what they need to check."
