 From the Author:

All the characters in this story are fictional and do not intentionally represent any persons living or dead. All characters in this story, though fictional, are at least 18 years old.

The incest/taboo categorization of this story refers to a mother/son relationship. If this is offensive to you, please do not read it, rate it, or comment on it.

Please rate and comment, but only if you have read the whole story. I enjoy reading what people think of my stories. Also, if you have a question or rational constructive feedback, I will respond to you in the comments section, so check back for that.

* * *

"Mom?" I called out as I came downstairs.

She was nowhere to be seen. My dad had left for work and I knew Mom had not. Still, she had not been upstairs and, it was clear, she was not downstairs either. Though I had been away from home for a couple years to attend college, I had returned to spend the summer at home, and, having been back for a couple weeks, I felt sure that I understood their schedule.

Walking through the living room and kitchen, I glanced out the sliding glass door to make sure she wasn't taking a swim in the backyard pool. That's when I saw her in her swimsuit, standing by the pool.

She was breathtakingly beautiful. Wearing a very small bright yellow neon bikini that barely contained her big breasts and scarcely concealed her crotch from my eyes, I could see most of her beautifully flawless tanned skin. At five-four and one-fifteen Mom looked closer to twenty than her actual age of forty. Her hair, long and black, billowed down her back as she stepped away from the chaise where she had left her towel.

Unbidden, blood rushed to fill out my cock inside my shorts.

Seeing me at the door, she flashed me a smile; she was very pretty. Though her face was long, and her nose was a bit too big. She had a strong chin, sexy full lips, and pretty big brown eyes. Her black hair framed her features well. Her smile was beautiful.

It was her beauty that, despite her height and age, had landed her some great modelling gigs, and even more acting gigs, in recent years.

I waved at her, hoping that, because of the myriad reflections that were surely obscuring most of my body through the glass, she couldn't see the expression on my face or the growing bulge in my pants.

As she turned toward the pool, my eyes were drawn to her full round butt as the yellow bikini contrasted sharply with the tanned skin of her back and legs. She was firm and svelte as she approached the edge of the pool.

As she dove in and disappeared beneath the waves she created, I found that my mouth had grown dry, my heart pounding in my chest, and my cock was fully erect inside my shorts. I scolded myself as a pervert for lusting after my own mother, but it did no good. I knew she had no idea of the effect she had on me, because, if she had, I knew I would be out on my ass.

By the time she returned to the near side of the pool, I was gone, retreating upstairs to my room, which was actually the guest room since they had remodeled my old room into a photo studio in my absence. Dad was a photographer and Mom a model/actress, so they were always taking photos. I wanted to stroke my cock at the thought of my mom's sexy body but decided that it would only make me feel worse, so I refrained and tried to distract myself with other things until it was time for me to head off to work.

* * *

I had found a job as a waiter at a local restaurant. It was temporary, just for the summer; five days a week from noon to eight.

So, when I got home, the sun had set, Mom and Dad had already eaten, and they were sitting on the couch watching television. 

"Welcome home, Steve," my mother greeted me.

As I glanced at her I saw that she wore a lace-trimmed pink nightie that consisted of spaghetti straps over each tanned shoulder, a plunging neckline that revealed her smooth chest and deep cleavage. The satin one-piece covered her tits, firm stomach, and hips, but ended abruptly, leaving her firm tanned legs bare. Her panties were not visible as she sat on the couch with her legs crossed. 

I tried not to let the lust show in my voice as I replied, "Hey Mom".

"Well, it's about damn time!" Dad exclaimed.

"He works till eight," Mom softly informed him.

"Oh, well, the trash needs to be taken out," he instructed.

I knew better than to protest, despite my age. Dad was not one to be questioned unless you wanted to be slapped across the face, or worse. I headed toward the kitchen to take out the trash. I hauled the bags out the side door, put them in the can, and rolled it out to the street.

When I got back into the house, I found Mom in the kitchen and the television blaring noise from the living room. She was sitting at the table and gestured that I should sit beside her. When I did, she said, "You look very handsome in your work uniform."

I smiled at that.

"I always loved a man in uniform," she mused. Then she shook her head and said, "Anyway, it's going to be so nice having you home for the summer. I realize it's not going to be like old times because you've really grown up in the last two years."

I nodded at that. I felt like I had been a kid compared to whom I had become.

She looked seriously at me and said, "I want us to be close as adults; instead of adult and child; more like friends... or something."

I liked the sound of that. "You really think I've changed that much?" I asked.

"Yeah, you have really turned into a man. I hardly recognized you," she laughed.

I laughed with her. "Really?"

"Ask your father, I was still looking around for you well after we had spotted you at the airport," she told me. "I just thought to myself, I wonder who that tall handsome stud is over there? Turned out, it was you."

We shared a laugh at that too, but I was secretly really excited that Mom had found me attractive. Her closeness and her compliments had my cock filling out in my uniform slacks, but I didn't draw attention to it.

"Have you eaten?" she asked before the moment grew more awkward.

"Yes, the food is free for me at the restaurant, so I ate before I came home," I explained.

"Okay," she said, turning and standing up. Then she looked over her shoulder and said, "Just let me know if there's anything you need. I mean; anything at all!"

"Sure will," I replied without even thinking. Then, as I watched her walk into the living room, I wondered if she was just being nice or if she meant anything more by it. I finally decided that it must have been innocent, and my cock was just reinterpreting her words for me.

Back in the living room, I watched Mom sit back down on the couch. The nightie she wore was very short but, again, she sat with her legs crossed so her panties were not visible. Though I scolded myself that her comment had been innocent, I still had those forbidden thoughts. I wanted to see her panties.

I turned and headed up the stairs, down the hall, and into my room. I changed into my shorts and tee shirt. I only wore underwear to work but went commando everywhere else. The shorts were thin but long, basketball shorts, and, without underwear, I liked the way they rubbed against my dick.

Back downstairs, Mom and Dad sat side-by-side on the big couch, so I sat in the loveseat alone and watched television with them.

Later, as usual, after the news went off, Dad said, "Well, I'm off to bed."

Mom told him, "I'll catch the monologue and then be up right after."

"Do whatever you want. I don't give a shit," he said casually as he trudged up the stairs.

In response I heard Mom mutter to herself, "No, I don't suppose you do."

As usual, Mom watched The Tonight Show through the monologue and then headed up to bed. I watched for a while, considered watching some porn, but just ended up playing some video games until I got tired and headed to bed.

* * *

The next morning, I woke to find Dad had left for work and Mom was making breakfast. 

Immodestly wearing only my boxers, I sat at the little glass dining room table and watched Mom in the kitchen.

Mom wore a white silk robe, tied tight to her slim waist. Though the robe was cinched securely, she did not cross the edges of the robe more than an inch at the waist, leaving a deep V of tanned flesh exposed from her neck to her belly. Her breasts were separated, showing the breastbone between, but also revealing the entire inner globes of her big tits, though no nipples were exposed.

My cock grew hard as I watched her, imagining what it would feel like to slide it between her full tits.

Mom gasped and said, "I didn't see you sitting there! Do you want juice or milk with your eggs?"

"Milk," I replied.

Mom looked at me for a moment longer and asked, "Are you going to put a shirt on or walk around in your boxers all day?"

I smiled at her and said, "I'll get dressed when it's time to go to work. Is it a problem? I mean, look how you're dressed."

She glanced down and said, "I see what you mean." Then she shrugged, laughed, and said, "Well, it's just us here. Do I need to close it up or open it more?" As she spoke, she grabbed the edges of her robe, closed it tight around her neck, opened it wide to reveal her tits, and then put it back in place the way it was before she started.

I was stunned. The image of my mom's tits was suddenly seared into my brain. Had she really just flashed me? I wanted to see more! 

To let her know that it was okay for her to flash me whenever she wanted to, I finally said, "You can take your robe off completely and walk around in your panties, if you'd like. Do whatever you want, as long as I can walk around like this." 

She laughed at that. "I think I'll leave the robe on, but, yeah, I'm fine with you walking around in your boxers. You look really good like that," she informed me.

"You look good in anything," I told her honestly. I was sure she had no idea of the effect she was having on me. She thought it was just us here and with her being my mom, anything was fine, since it wouldn't lead to anything else. Oh, how I wanted it to lead to something else. Of course, if I had done anything like that it would ruin my relationship with my mother, get back to my father, and I would find myself out on the street.

Mom was short, so when she when to open the cabinet and reach up to pull down a glass, her robe rode up, revealing her frilly pink panties which cupped her firm ass. No, she had no idea what she was doing to me.

My cock pulsed strongly in my boxers as I sat and watched. 

When she was done, we sat and ate. As we talked, I spent most of the time looking down at my plate, but with my eyes rolled up, staring at the beautiful cleavage revealed by her somewhat-open robe. I studied the collar bones, the long expanse of chest leading down to her tits, small beads of sweat resting between, and her flat stomach, all tanned and sexy, contrasting sharply with the white silk.

Mom never noticed or, if she did, she gave no indication.

* * *

Later that same day, I was playing a video game in the living room when I heard Mom calling for me.

"Steve?" she shouted.

The sound was coming from outside and so I went to the backyard, through the sliding glass door, where I found my mother face down on a towel in the grass. She looked so sexy laying there, her neon yellow bikini covering her ass, but her back and legs were bare and tanned. "Yeah?" I croaked; my voice suddenly caught in my throat.

She looked over her shoulder at me and said, "Come here and put some of this sunscreen on my back. Please?"

Trying to hide my excitement, I casually said, "Sure." Quickly walking up and kneeling beside her, I grabbed the bottle. I examined her closely, running my eyes up her legs, studying the shapely curve of her ass, the narrow waist, the back muscles beneath the tanned flesh covered with small beads of sweat, the string of the bikini across the middle of her back, tied into a bow, and finally up her back to her neck where she had pulled her long black hair to the side.

She watched me until I had the bottle opened and was squirting the lotion into my hand, at which point she turned her head away, laid it down on the towel, reached behind her, and pulled at the bow which held her bikini top, exposing her back completely.

My cock grew hard in my boxers, as it was starting to do every time I looked at her, yearning to fuck my own mother. Lewd incestuous thoughts filled my head as I touched her. I rubbed the lotion slowly across her back, covering every inch of her smooth flesh, thrilling to how it felt under my hands.

I wanted to move down and work on her ass or legs, but as soon as I reached the small of her back she said, "Okay, that's good. Thanks Steve. You're a good son."

Though I was disappointed at not being able to go even farther, her telling me that I was a good son made what I was thinking feel even more wicked. I felt like shit for thinking of my mother like that, but I was also so turned on I worried that my cock would find the opening in my boxers and slip out. I also worried that Mom might turn around and see my condition.

"You'd better get to work," she added as she turned and took the bottle from me, the top of her bikini left on the towel and one of her beautiful breasts exposed to me as she took the bottle.

Unfortunately, I was more concerned with hiding my erection than watching her, so I almost missed it. I quickly turned away, stood up, and headed back into the house to take care of myself. I had to stop thinking about fucking my mother before something bad happened.

* * *

That night, after work, we were all sitting in our usual spots in the living room, watching television. Mom was in her pink nightie, just like every night, and Dad was more intent on complaining about Mom not getting a new acting gig and how expensive it was to put me through college than anything else.

Finally, when the news was over, Dad went up to bed, as usual. 

Mom stayed, grabbed the remote, and asked me, "Are you going to watch my show with me?"

"Your show? Sure," I replied. I had no idea what show she was planning to watch but I loved the prospect of spending time alone with her. Though she was my mom, I was so attracted to her that all I could think about was coming up with a way to fuck her. None of the scenarios in my head were things I felt were realistic. So, though I really wasn't going to say or do anything, I was still happy she was staying up with me.

She scooted to one end of the couch and gestured to the other end saying, "Come sit with me so you can see better."

The loveseat, where I usually sat, was off to the side and so had a poor angle to see the TV. I nodded before I got up and sat on the far end of the couch, the middle seat separating us. I debated whether to sit in the middle but had no good excuse for that.

Mom changed the television station to one I rarely watched. Then, a moment after she changed it over, a short commercial stated, "Coming up next, a tale of forbidden love, it's Starting Over."

Mom turned her lamp off, leaving the room dark but for the TV. She said, "I know one of the actresses in this movie and I heard it was good."

It didn't take me long to figure out that the movie was a softcore movie about a woman who gets divorced. As we watched, the sex scenes were often and very short, filled with naked writhing actors but without a single dick or pussy to be seen.

Mom loved it, commenting all through the movie, "Oh she's pretty." "Those are some nice tits." "Look at his tan lines." "He's got a nice butt." "Young guys have so much energy." "There's my friend. We were up for the same part."

I had been spending my time trying not to laugh at the implausible story and bad acting, but when she mentioned her friend I asked, "For this part?"

"Oh, no, a different movie. You have to be really pretty for a part like that," she replied gesturing to the TV.

"You're a model," I rebutted incredulously.

"Well, I'm pretty, but not softcore porn pretty. You have to be prettier for that than you do for real porn," she explained.

"You've done real porn?" I asked, stunned but turned on.

"No, of course not, I'm just saying I'm not pretty enough for that," she explained.

"Well, I think you are," I told her, the thought of seeing her writhing around naked like that was making my cock swell in my shorts, making a bulge I hoped she didn't notice in the darkness. "You're pretty enough for any regular movie, softcore, or porn."

She laughed at that. "You're sweet, but you don't want to see these tits up there," she replied, pulling her nightie down and showing me her full tis for the second time that day.

This time I stared directly at her tits, lit only by the light of the TV, wishing I had an excuse to reach across and touch them. They were sexy tanned soft globes topped with small hard red nipples. I replied slowly, giving me more time to look at them, "They look really nice to me."

She pulled her nightie back into place and said wryly, "I wish the casting directors shared your opinion."

As we watched more of the movie, it took a turn where the divorced woman started fantasizing about having sex with her own son. I nearly swallowed my tongue when that became clear. I coughed.

"Is this movie making you uncomfortable?" she asked.

I shook my head. "Not at all," I lied.

She mused, "Well, I don't know about you, but this movie is turning me on."

I didn't reply to that, but I watched her over the next few minutes. Sure enough, as she stared at the screen, I could see that her nipples dented her nightie, her legs were no longer crossed, one hand laid flat on her chest, the other hand caressed her thigh, and her breathing was heavy. She was definitely turned on. As for me, my cock was as hard as a steel pipe, but it was mostly over my lewd thoughts of my mother and not as much over the movie.

Unfortunately, just as things were heating up, the movie ended.

Mom smiled at me and said, "See you in the morning. Don't stay up too late and I'll make you breakfast."

* * *

The next morning, I was awakened by my mother opening the door to my bedroom. I hadn't locked it. She came in carrying a breakfast tray. "Good morning," she greeted me with a smile.

As I sat up in bed, wearing nothing beneath the sheets, inasmuch as I slept nude, she placed the tray over my lap. It had milk as well as a plate of eggs, toast, and bacon. "'Morning," I replied.

When Mom had leaned forward the left strap of her pink nightie fell off her shoulder. Then, when the tray was in place she sat on the bed and the nightie fell enough to reveal her left breast fully. The dark red nipple was hard and her whole full firm breast was evenly tanned. 

I tried not to stare, my cock growing erect beneath the tray.

"Steve, I wanted to ask you about your plans for next semester," she began.

Trying to pull my eyes up to hers, I replied, "Well, I have to re-take calculus, and then I was going to hit, maybe, eighteen hours."

She took a deep breath, her exposed breast seeming to swell as she did, my eyes glued to them as I pretended to look down at my plate of eggs. "Did you fail calculus?"

Again, working hard to look her in the eyes, I said, "No. I wasn't doing well, so I dropped it."

She shook her head, her black hair moving about her head and shoulders. "Does your father know?" she asked as a lock of hair fell across her exposed tit. Perhaps at the feel of it, but with no indication that she knew she had been exposed, she hooked her thumb under the strap and shrugged it back up onto her shoulder.

Disappointed that her wardrobe malfunction had come to an end, I resumed eating.

"Well?" she prompted.

"Huh?"

"Does your father know you dropped calculus?"
