 I have to get the hell out of this house, I thought to myself.

I had just turned eighteen that past spring, and I was desperate to get out on my own. Only problem was, my parents insisted on me paying my share of the utilities and mortgage as long as I was not enrolled in college. That was making it very hard to save any money each month for a down payment on an apartment with my friends. The way I figured it, I had about another year before I would be ready to go, and I was chomping at the bit.

My older sister Julia, on the other hand, was a different story altogether. She was nearly twenty, and seemed perfectly content inside the bubble. She didn't really care much for action and adventure, as it were. She had a few friends that came by, but they never really did anything or went anywhere. To be honest, I'm not sure she had ever been on a date. 

This particular morning, I was sitting in the living room reading a book when Julia and her friend Janie came in to watch TV. Without a word, they shuffled in and plopped down in front of the TV. There was really nothing on at this time of the morning on Sunday, but they just flipped mindlessly through the channels in search of inspiration. I went back to my book and did my best to tune it out.

However, I found it increasingly difficult to focus with the noise of the TV, and soon my mind started to wander. My sister and her friend were lying on their bellies on the floor in front of the TV. Julia was wearing an old pair of pajama pants that she had had since, well, it seemed like forever. They had originally been a pair of white pants with red polka dots, but over the years of wear and tear, the red had faded to a very light pink. It didn't help that they were so tight on her now, that the fabric was stretched to the point it made it look even more faded. If I looked hard enough, I could almost see the skin of her ass cheeks peeking through the fabric.

She laid there, and kicked her legs slowly back and forth. With each movement of her leg, her ass cheeks would jiggle just a little bit. Through the tight pants, I could see every ripple as they shook. It was almost mesmerizing. I looked away to try to break the spell and averted my glance to Janie. She had just come up the street from her house and thus was dressed in a t-shirt and jeans. She had a nice little butt on her as well, but it was a little skinnier and flatter than Julia's. Soon my gaze had been drawn back to my sister, and the full, round cheeks of her ass.

Julia turned to get up, and I hurriedly went back to my book, hoping she wouldn't notice me looking. She stood up, and walked toward the kitchen door. As she walked past me, she bent down and whispered in my ear:

"Nice bulge."

It took me a second to understand what she was talking about, but when I understood, I was mortified. I had been too lost in the moment to realize that my cock was already straining at my sweat pants. My face was instantly flushed and I felt a knot in my stomach. Not only had I gotten aroused looking at my sister's ass, she had actually caught me. And said something about it. I quickly grabbed my book and ran back to my room before she could come back from the kitchen.

I made it up to my room and shut the door. I was nearly giddy with the excitement. Strangely though, my cock was still hard despite it all. In fact, the dangerous element seemed to add to my stimulation. I knew I had to take care of business before this got out of control. So, I turned on the TV and picked out a porn movie from my burgeoning collection. I knew just the one, too, and it featured a gorgeous thick blonde who reminded me a lot of... well, Julia, to be honest. I put in the movie, removed my sweat pants, grabbed the remote, and walked over to my bed. I had just laid back on my bed when I heard the door open.

"What are you doing in here?" whispered Julia as she poked her head in the door. This was bad. Very bad. I pulled the sheet up over my crotch, stopped the movie, and threw the remote on the other side of the bed.

"I'm just... just lying down for a bit," I stammered. "I didn't sleep well last night."

"With the TV on?" she asked. "Playing static?"

"Yeah, it ... uh... helps me relax," I said. Please, let this be enough to satisfy her curiosity, I thought to myself.

But it wasn't. "You're full of shit," she said. "Let me see what you were watching."

"None of your business!" I gasped. "Just let me take a nap in peace."

"So you get a hardon looking at your sister's ass," she said, "and now you're up here watching some mystery program with your pants off. And I'm supposed to believe you were about to take a nap?"

"I don't care what you believe," I said. I was in knots by that time, almost shaking. I was just praying for this to be over. "And besides, I wasn't looking at your ass." Stupid. Just shut up.

"Oh, so you were looking at Janie's ass then," she said. "I'll just go give her the good news. Let's see how she feels about that, you little pervert." She turned to walk out of the room.

"No, no wait, don't... I mean, OK, I guess I was looking at your ass. I'm sorry," I wheezed. I wasn't sure if this was any better than the alternative, but I was terrified. I guess it was better that just my sister thought I was a creep, rather than her and her friend. "It just... I mean, it just happened. I wasn't paying attention."

She came back into the room and shut the door. "So, what are you watching in here, then?" she asked. This was only going to get worse, I knew.

I couldn't even answer. She walked over to the bed and reached for the remote. I grabbed it before she could get it and threw it onto the other side of the bed. That did nothing to deter her, however, and she climbed up onto the bed, right over the hardon that still raged within my briefs. I tried to grab for it again, but she was too fast. After a brief wrestling match, she had the remote. She leaned back and came to rest, straddling my crotch.

"Let's see what you're really watching," she purred. It didn't seem to matter to her that she was right on top of my cock as it strained against my underwear. I wriggled and twisted to try to get my way out from underneath her, but only succeeded in grinding my cock further into her pajama-covered pussy.

"Stop moving around!" she hissed. "Fucking pervert," she mumbled. She lifted up briefly and adjusted my cock until it was pointing at my belly button. Then she put her weight back down and turned toward the TV. The movie was just getting started, and my shame was fully exposed as the opening titles flashed over the screen. My heart sank even further as the first actress came on the screen... the one that looked just like my sister.

She paid very little mind to that, but instead sat transfixed on top of me as the movie continued. I turned my head to the side, not wanting to catch a glimpse of the action lest I get even more excited. She just kept watching. 

"Can you move?" I whispered. "This is... I mean, you're crushing me."

She paid no attention to my pleas. I turned back toward the wall. I knew the movie well enough to know from the dialogue (if you want to call it that) that the real action was about to start. I turned back just in time to see my video sister's pussy slowly taking in the actor's hard cock. At this, my real sister let out a small moan and begin to slowly gyrate her hips.

I wasn't even sure what to do. I just laid there, trying to look away, trying to ignore what was going on. It was not working. 

"What are you doing?" I whispered. "Cut that out. If Mom and Dad come home and see this, they're going to throw us out."

She ignored me completely. The action on screen was getting more intense, and she began to grind her pussy against me. I looked down to see my cock, still wrapped in my red briefs, peeking in and out of her polka dot-covered pussy. Her pants were so tight on her that I could see almost every fold of her pussy lips as they slid back and forth on my cock.

Her face was starting to become flushed, and her breathing began to get heavier. I didn't even know what to do anymore. I knew that nothing I was going to say was going to matter to her. She wasn't even paying attention to me. She was just using my cock as a sex toy while she watched a porn movie.

Despite my better judgment, I put my hands on her hips and began to thrust my hips back and forth, in rhythm with her movements. She quickly slapped my hands away. "Stop moving!" she growled. She turned back to the TV. "Fucking pervert," she mumbled under her breath. I could have sworn I saw a hint of a smile.

Her breathing got heavier and her gyrations more intense. I continued to watch my cock slide between her pussy lips and it was exciting to no end. That's when the gravity of the situation hit me.

"Jules, stop," I pleaded. "I'm serious. You gotta stop. I'm going to cum."

She continued to ignore me, grinding her pussy against me with increasing fervor. She put her hands on the headboard and really bore down on me. Her enormous tits hung down inside her pajama shirt and swayed back and forth provocatively as she moved. Unable to resist, I reached my hands up her shirt and felt her full, round tits with my hands. I began to gently caress her nipples.

She didn't realize it at first, but quickly came to her senses and slapped my hand away again. "Cut the shit!" I was obviously distracting her from the task at hand. She was really grinding away by now, so hard that the bed was thumping against the wall. I thought of Janie, downstairs, hearing this and wondering what was going on. I thought of my parents, walking in the door and hearing this. Everybody would think we were having sex. I mean... were we?

"Come on, Jules," I whispered again. "We're too loud. Someone's going to hear." I don't know why I bothered. 

Soon, she was about to cum. She was really grinding my cock now. I could feel the wetness of her pussy through both of our clothes. She took her hands off the headboard and began to play with her giant tits. Her face was flushed and glistening with sweat. Her breathing was getting very short and quick. She began gasping and her whole body began shuddering. She began to cum, and it was only then that she broke her gaze from the TV and looked me in the eye. It was all too much for me.

I looked down and watched the small pearl of cum squeeze through my briefs, getting larger and larger with each burst. I pushed my hips up hard, trying my best to feel like I was cumming deep inside my sister. I grabbed her hips and pulled her down. She didn't bother to resist me this time. It felt like I was cumming for an entire minute. She was still in the throes of her own orgasm.

Our movements died down, and there we both were. She was flushed, and still breathing heavily. Her hair was mussed and her shirt was crooked. I sat there with cum dripping down the front of my underwear. 

"Jesus Christ, Jules. What was that?" I asked. I didn't know what kind of answer I expected, but whatever it was, I didn't get it. She stood up without a word and fixed her shirt and hair quickly. She then turned to walk out, grabbing a towel off the floor. As she walked out the door, she turned to me, threw the towel in my lap, and said:

"You better clean yourself up."