 My step-sister drove up and slammed the front door so hard the whole house shook. "Oh hi Hannah, how was your date?"

"Lousy, same as always." She punched me and pointed outside. "We're going to play a game—NOW ALEX!"

"But Hannah I've got college finals." 

She hit me. "Do it or I'll punch you so hard your balls fall off." She grabbed my belt and I followed behind my step-sister, watching her blonde ponytail bounce off her firm butt. 

Hannah was built like a Viking Huntress. Blonde and tall with steely blue eyes, thrusting tits and thighs that could crush a bowling ball. 

My step-sister squatted behind a bush. 

"Alex we're playing the sausage game. Take off your pants, Now!" No one argued with Hannah. Unzipping my pants, I let them fall. Her fingers wrapped around my cock. "Don't tell anyone about this or I'll break it off."

She stroked it and her eyes grew wide as my prick swelled. "Gawd Alexander, your sausage has grown so BIG." Hannah stood up and dropped her panties like they were on fire. She pushed out her hips to show me her curly blonde pussy. 

"See it has a split down the middle just like a bun. Ha-Ha! You have a sausage and I have a bun." Hannah parted the lips of her pussy bun. I stared into her wet pink paradise. 

"Gosh it's gorgeous!"

"I know." Hannah lifted her top and unsnapped her bra, letting her firm breasts jut out like pink nippled torpedoes. She lay back on the grass spreading her thighs. "Alex lie on top of me and rub your sausage on my split." 

My hard prick rubbed her soft fur. Hannah pressed her hard nipples against my chest. "Dammit Alex rub me faster, I'm burning down there." She grabbed my stiff prick, stroking it up and down her burning split.

"Do you like that Alex?" She wiggled her hips. "Shove it in me— all the way in me!"

I tried to push my prick in. "Sis spread your legs wider." She did and I punched into her wet cunt.

"Oww." My step-sister squirmed as I fucked her hard. "Alex you're ripping me— but I like it!" My mouth sucked on her jutting tits. "Ooooo! Ooooh! Aaaagh! Cock feels sooo good... my pussy's on fire!"

"Yessss!" Horny Hannah moaned, spreading her legs even wider. "Ram your sausage deeper! Alex fuck meee...!" Hannah's back arched up. "Oh my God! I'm cumming, I'm cumming, I'm...

I felt her cunt muscles crushing my cock. Chewing her nipples I fucked Hannah harder. And soon my swollen prick exploded spewing a thick load of jism into her churning cunt. Hannah collapsed.

Then she lifted her head and stared at the line of cum dripped from her swollen pussy. I took a pic— she punched me. "Dammit you're the only guy who'll screw me... getting screwed by my own step-brother. Jeez." 

She punched me again and wiped her gooey twat with my shirt.

The next night Hannah came home from another date. And when she slammed the door my cock perked up. "Alex how come guys don't like me? Dammit I'm pretty and sweet and... gentle as hell!" She slammed her fist on the table. "And I'm not a lesbian dammit!" 

Twisting my arm she pushed me outside. Hannah kicked off her panties. "Alex pull out your sausage and lie on top of me." I did and slowly shoved my prick into her bossy cunt. 

"Ooooh that's it... that's the hot spot Alexander." Her nails dug into my back. "Oh Alex... ungh...ungh... You're so hard...your hard sausage feels so damn good." As I pumped her pussy Hannah lifted her puffy boobs to my mouth. "Suck my chubbies."

I sucked her tits and chewed her rubbery nipples as my prick plunged deeper. It was great the feeling of my prick ramming Hannah's tight pussy while my balls slapped her ass. By now I knew where her g-spot was.

Hannah moaned, gripping my hips with her thighs. And I pounded her twat harder and faster. "OHHHH SHHHHIT!" Hannah's back arched in orgasm as pussy clamped my cock so hard it spewed. Her convulsing cunt muscles milked out my sperm.

After filling her pussy with fuck-cream I tried to kiss my sister... 

"Don't!" She shook her head. "Kissing my brother is gross. You can fuck me— but no kissing. And no more pictures. I don't want my sticky twat splattered across the internet. She lifted her leg to wipe and I snapped a pic of her sticky twat... and posted it on the net.

That afternoon I found Hannah at the bathroom sink wearing her see-thru nighty. The sight of her naked body gave me a raging boner. So I slipped my hands into her gown and squeezed her big jigglies, and she giggled. My hand moved to her fuck hole. "Sis how about a quickie?"

"No Alex." I have a date with Andre and I wanna keep my pussy fresh, cherry fresh." Lifting her leg she squirted her twat with cherry cunt spray.

"Com'on sis I need it bad. How about a blowjob?" I goosed her with my hard prick.

"No Alex!" She spun around and stared at my boner. "OH MY GOSH... it's soo stiff a girl could chip a tooth... Well I guess I could suck your sausage. But don't you dare pee in my mouth." 

Hannah dropped to her knees and stared at my throbbing prick. "I've sucked off lots and lots of these um... things... really-really." She really-really was a lousy liar.

Hannah licked my cock and took the head in her warm mouth. She gagged but soon I felt her tongue lapping as she sucked, her blonde ponytail bouncing up and down. My hands gripped her head and I face fucked my step-sister, pumping my prick in and out as saliva drooled out of her mouth... down her cleavage

Oh gawd... I felt my cock swelling as my balls churned.

After a few more strokes my balls burst, cum gushed out. Hannah choked and swallowed as my prick kept spurting down her throat. You'd be surprised at how nice it feels, getting a BJ from your sister. Hannah finished gagging down my load. 

She looked up and winced. "YUCK! Guy cum tastes horrid!"

That night Hannah came home late, slamming the door again. By now I had Pavlov's cock... every time the door slammed my cock jumped up and barked. My sister ran down the hallway. I caught up to her in the bathroom. "Hannah what's wrong?"

"Get in the shower with me. NOW!" So I eagerly tore off my clothes and joined her. She bent over. "Alex is there something written on my butt?"

"Gosh yes sis. It says 'Assfucked by Andre' and there's an arrow pointing to your butthole." 

"The stupid jerk fucked my ass, then autographed it. So I kicked him in the balls so hard he had to go to the hospital. And then the fucking police showed up and arrested me. It was horrible."

"What??? You let a stranger fuck your ass? Dammit I'm your brother— I should've been the first in your butt."

"Oops... you're right Alex. Family first." She blushed. "I'm sorry Alex." Hannah bent over and wiggled her ass crack against my prick. "Go ahead brother, stick your fat sausage up my butthole." 

I slammed it straight up her rectum. 

"OUCH! NOT SO HARD!" My sister panted with each fuck stroke. "Unh... unh... I can't believe I'm getting buttfucked by my own brother."

As I pounded her ass I screwed a shampoo bottle up her twat. Hannah groaned with her cheek pressed against the shower wall. As my cock reamed her anus I worked the shampoo bottle in and out of her pussy. And she let me kiss her during the ass-screwing.

"Oooo gawd..." Hannah groaned as I filled her butt with cum.

I pulled my dick out and the shampoo bottle. But Hannah's strong cunt muscles squeezed the bottle so hard the cap came off. White cum streamed out of her asshole as green shampoo poured from her pussy. "Dammit Alex where's the cap?"

"I'll get it." Being a good brother I fingered the cap out of my her pussy canal. Hannah lifted her leg and ordered me to wash out her fuck-holes. So I did... like a good brother.

"Thank you Alex. Now stand up and I'll suck your prick off."

"Excellent!" Hannah kept practicing her blow job skills until 'Suck It Sis!' became three of my favorite words.

A week later I walked in my room and found my step-sister and a redhead, sitting on my bed. Hannah had her finger up the redhead's twat. Hannah laughed. "Oh it's okay Alex, we're finger friends."

"Svetlana's upset, she just broke up with her college girlfriend. I thought a good fingering might cheer her up, but she needs something bigger." Hannah smiled. "Svetlana needs a big fat sausage. Drop your pants Alex."

"But Svetlana's a lesbian. Jeez I'm not too sure about fucking lezzies..."

"Do it Alex! Do it and I'll let you fuck my ass again." Hannah winked and left. 

I dropped my pants and Svetlana spread her legs. I'd never seen a lesbian fuck-hole before...or maybe I had... The redhead stared at my boner. "Wow! You have dick like donkey. It super big." 

Svetlana shut her eyes and lifted her pussy. "Stick donkey dick in me— hurry!"

So I plunged into her furry red fuck-hole. "Oh yes fuck me... fuck me much hard." Grabbing her tits I plowed into Svetlana's pussy, driving my prick deep. After a dozen fuck strokes her back arched up in orgasm up as her nails dug into my back. "OHHH SHEEET!"

After I filled Svetlana's pussy with cum I tried to kiss her. She turned her head. "Sorry I no kiss guys, only girls." Svetlana grabbed my hand. "But I no want to be alone tonight. Please let me spend night."

She winked. "Let me spend night and I let you fuck my ass. I never try it but I heard you good butt-screwer." When the girl rolled over and spread her butt-cheeks I decided to let her spend the night. And screwed her tight Russian ass. 

And in the morning I got a piece of Russian pie for breakfast.

But Hannah was pissed. "I told you just to fuck Svetlana—not let her spend the night. Dammit I'm your sister. You should fuck me first." 

"Okay Sis bend over. Remember you promised me your ass." 

"Wait Alex your prick needs lubed. Let me suck it."

"But it's covered in Svetlana's pussy juice."

"Dammit Alex, don't you think I've tasted her pussy before?" Hannah jerked down my zipper. "Now hold still or I'll bite your prick off."

After Hannah sucked my prick I bent her over the table, and fucked her sweet ass again. But this time I took a video of my prick going in and out of her bossy asshole... and sent it to my friends.

Then came that fateful Saturday. I was licking my sister's pussy when the doorbell rang. Hannah walked over naked and opened the door for two big titted girls. "Oh Alex, these are my college friends Celia and Svetlana." 

Svetlana winked. "If you two are done we need a foursome for volleyball." 

I shook my head. "No volleyball is boring." 

Hannah grabbed my arm. "It won't be boring— bring your balls or lose 'em." The girls dragged me out to my car. 

"Alex you're the designated dick, so you drive." When we arrived at the beach, the three girls threw their clothes off. They all had fat tits and furry twats ... furry blonde, brunette and ginger twats. 

I took a pic and Celia shook her boobs. "I think Alex likes us naked."

Hannah laughed. "Hell he likes anything with two tits and a twat." Hannah yanked on my shorts. "Alex today's Naked Volleyball Day. Get your clothes off." The lesbians laughed and watched me strip.

So we played naked volleyball. I liked watching their boobs flop up and down as they played. And the girls giggled, watching my boner and balls bounce around. Hannah was right— it wasn't boring!

After two games the girls dragged me into the bushes. Hannah chuckled. "Alex my finger friends are cock-curious. Lie back and show us your super sausage." 

I did. And Hannah mounted me while her naked friends watched and took pictures. "Buckle up nerd." Titty sweat dripped on my face as Hannah humped me hard. She shoved her fat tit in my mouth as she pussy-screwed my cock.

It was erotic as hell—getting fucked and breastfed by my sister— right in front of her friends. Soon we both had arching orgasms.

Celia was next. Sucking my prick she seemed to enjoy tasting Hannah's pussy juice. "Now hold still stupid prick." Sweaty Celia mounted me, and fucked me like a brunette she-devil. As Celia humped she laughed and tit- slapped my face again and again with her ten pound tits.

Next came Svetlana's turn. The redhead bent down and licked Celia's pussy juice off my cock. My cock recognized her and sprang up stiff. 

Svetlana laughed. "Donkey Dick remembers me." The sweaty redhead fucked me hard plunging her fiery twat onto my fuck-pole, fucking me hard while I sucked her sweat dripping tits.

After we both orgasmed Svetlana dismounted me, and my prick was limp as stale celery. Celia pointed at it. "See lezzies I told you dildos are better than dicks— dildos never go limp." 

Svetlana's expert tongue lapped up and down my cock until it was stiff again. "You plenty good butt-screwer." The girls dropped to her hands and knees. "Now do my butt again." So I gave sweet Svetlana a good ass-fucking as her friends grimaced and giggled and took pics.

Then the gaggle of giggling girls kissed each other formed a daisy chain, licking my cum out each other's cunts. Hannah took a cunt licking selfie.

I slowly tucked my worn-out pecker back in my pants. Then it hit me— I just got gang-banged by a bunch of big-titted, sweaty lesbians. 

"EXCELLENT!"