 One morning, when I got into work and was going through my email, I got a message from HR saying I was about to lose almost 75 hours of comp time. I called my supervisor and he told me to put in for time off. Since it was summertime and Jen's a teacher, she has summer's off. I called her and asked if she wanted to go to the Oregon coast for a couple of weeks. She said, "Anytime, when do you have in mind." 

I looked at my calendar and said, "Let me check and see where I can get in." 

Jen said, "See if you can find us someplace fun."

I took my tablet and searched to see if this little campground we had been to with several swinger couples a couple of years ago was still there and if they had any openings. Then we had our smaller trailer and since then, Jen's father had made us one hell of a deal on his big fifth wheel and pickup truck when they bought their new motorhome. 

I got the phone number of the RV park and called. The owner told me he was trying to sell the place but when I reminded him that I had helped him fix some problems with his wi-fi and other things, he said that he would be glad to have us and that he even had one site he had put a large electrical outlet in for the big rigs we could use. On the down side, he could only fit us in for 12 days. I called Jen and gave her the dates then put them in for my vacation time off. 

The Oregon coast in summer is a beautiful place, or can be. It also can be rainy and foggy. To this fact, I bring my own firewood. I'm a little sneaky and treat my firewood with a mixture of paraffin and hydraulic oil which waterproofs the wood. The truck and trailer loaded, we headed out on an early Tuesday morning. 

We got down there and the weather was perfect. Just a slight breeze but warm enough for Jen to wear her bikini. I needed my dark glasses, not for the sun but so as not to be obvious while I was ogling the young beauties tanning on the sand in front of us. This RV park is an older, fairly basic one, but it's shielded by trees and far enough from the highway to muffle the noise. 

The weather that first week was perfect. Bright sunny days, evening fires, meeting people, walks on the beach and just relaxing. We were the only big RV there, though there were a couple of trailers and older motorhomes and a lot of tents. There were several tent spaces in the sand, some in front of us. On Sunday, most of the campers moved out except for the two older motorhomes which looked like they were there on a semi-permeant basis. 

On Monday, a few campers came in and a couple of tents. Then these two young men in a Kia pulled up next to us and asked if they could park there until they got their tent set up. One, Brent, was tall, muscular lad, with long black hair, the other, Tim, had short red hair, not quite as tall and a slim build. The wind was picking up and Jen went in to put a jacket over her bikini which I could tell disappointed the boys. 

She sat beside our firepit, mostly to watch their butts, I think, as they assembled their frail-looking tent. To me it looked like something you'd get at Goodwill or Big Lots. It was made of cheap nylon, though it was big enough to sleep at least 6 people if needed. They set up a couple of folding tables and camp stove and ice chests. Brent had his shirt off, trying to impress Jen, I think. Tim was more sensible and had pulled on his sweatshirt. 

Once they had got their camp set up, Tim moved their car to the parking area and Brent asked if they could sit by our fire and I said, "Come on over." 

By then the wind had picked up enough for him to slip on a coat. He put a beer in each pocked and grabbed two folding chairs and joined us. Tim walked up and we made formal introductions. Tim didn't say anything as Brent sort of monopolized the conversation. They were going to the local community college and were just taking a break. 

Jen asked, "Why didn't you bring your girlfriends? 

Brent told her, "Well, my girl doesn't understand." 

Jen said, "Understand what?" 

"Well I was at this party, Brent said, "and was making out with this cute chick when Sandy walked in and caught me. I tried to tell her she didn't mean anything to me. Hell, I didn't even know her name. So, Sandy broke up with me." 

Jen then turned to Tim and said, "What about your girlfriend, Tim? 

Brent laughed, "What girlfriend? He has the worst luck of any guy on campus." 

I asked, "What do you mean?" 

Tim looked at the ground like he wanted to crawl in a hole and bury himself. Tim finally said, "I-I-I s-s-t-t-u-u-t-t-t-e-e-r-r." I realized that was the first time I had heard him talk. 

Brent continued, "Don't get me wrong, Tim's a nice guy, he's just excessively shy. His stuttering turns the girls off. Hell, he's still a virgin. I've seen several girls come on to him and once he says something, they find a reason to leave. I thought getting away might help him relax. He's an absolute wiz with computers and in science class. You put him in the right element and his stuttering seems to go away." 

Tim got up and walked over to his tent, I guess to go to sleep. Brent told us how Tim had basically raised himself as his single mother was either at work or in the bars. Brent got a couple of beers and we chatted until the fire died down then we all went to bed.

That night, Jen told me how sorry she was for Tim. She said, "You know, I think he just needs someone to take him under their wing and work with him one on one a bit. I used to work speech therapy. I'm going to try tomorrow. 

I said, "OK. If you think it will work." And after we made love, we went to sleep.

The next morning, we could see a storm coming in but it looked far at sea. I made sure to prep the area so things didn't blow away. Jen had put on some extra warm clothes and went over to the boys tent and said, "Knock, knock. Are you awake.?" 

Brian had apparently kept drinking once he got back to the tent by the pile of empty beer cans that were thrown by the entrance but Tim popped his head out with a smile. Jen asked him, "Care to go for a walk with me, Tim?" His eyes lit up like it was Christmas as he nodded with glee. 

As he exited the tent, Jen told him, "You'd better put on a heavier coat, the wind is picking up." Tim went back in and grabbed one and they took off towards the beach. I went in turned on the heater, then tightened up the jacks and closed up the vents because I knew it might really blow. About noon, it started to drizzle. At 1:00 it became a light rain. I was worried about them because if the fog came in it would be easy for them to become lost. By 2:00 it was pouring and the wind was blowing. 

I put on raingear and hit the beach, looking for them when I saw them in the distance heading this way. When we got back, Brent stuck his head out of the tent and asked, "Who asked for this effin rain?" 

Jen and Tim looked like drowned rats. I ushered them into our RV. Tim was shivering. I went to Brent and asked for some dry clothes for Tim. He handed them to me and I took them to him. Once in the RV, Jen went into the bedroom and changed into her flannel pajamas while Tim put on dry clothes in the bathroom. 

There was a knock at the door and Brian asked if he could come in. I opened the door and he said, "Damn this is nice in here. This is not the kind of weather I was looking for. The weather channel said it was going to be sunny and 70." 

We sat down at the table, them on one side and me at the other. Jen came out of the bedroom and sat next to me. Even though they didn't say anything, they sure noticed that you could see the outline of Jen's nipples through the fabric. The RV park has a laundry room so I took the wet clothes and put them in a dryer.

When I got back, Jen said, "Ed, would you mind going to the store for me. I have a list made up on the counter. Also, I don't really feel like cooking. Could you go to that neat little burger stand that's south of here that we went to the last time we were here? I loved their bacon-bacon cheese burger and don't forget, I want onion rings. You could take Brian for company?" 

Now I know that the burger stand is at least 20 minutes from here and going shopping would be another half an hour giving her more than an hour alone with Tim. I kind of figured she had ulterior motives in mind.

I asked Tim, what do you want to eat? "He stuttered, "C-c-c h-h e-e-e s-s b-b-b u r-r-r g-g e-e r-r p-p-p l-l e-e a-a s-s e-e." 

Brian said, "I take care of my little buddy. I know what he likes." We hoped in my truck and took off. We stopped at the market and picked up the things Jen wanted. For myself I picked up some peach whiskey and Brian bought some beer. I also bought a small Styrofoam cooler to put the food to try to keep it warm.

Even though the traffic was light, I kept to the speed limit. I wanted to give Jen enough time to do whatever it was she had up her sleeve. We got to the burger joint and I was afraid it was closed. It wasn't it just had most of the lights out because of lack of customers. 

I ordered the bacon-bacon cheese burger and onion rings for Jen, a double burger for myself and Brian ordered himself a monster burger, fries and a chocolate shake. I asked, "What about Tim?" 

Brian looked at the menu and said, "You know, I don't think he has eaten today so I'm going to get him a bacon double cheeseburger with, fries and a vanilla shake." I paid the bill and put the hot foods in the Styrofoam cooler.

On the way back, it began to really rain hard, so I could barely do the speed limit. We made it to our trailer and Tim and Jen were sitting at the table playing cribbage. Jen had a big smile on her face. "Need some help?" Tim said, not a bit of stutter. 

Brian look at him in shock. Jen just grinned. I said, "Sure, the rest of the groceries are in the back. 

Jen walked into our bedroom and I followed. I whispered, "What'd you do?" She had this cat who ate the canary look and said, "I just made him a man, that's all. I'll tell you later."

We ate dinner and Tim was smiling like a Cheshire cat. When asked a question or he had to say something, there was hardly a hint of stutter. Brian asked, "What changed with you, Tim?" 

Jen interjected," When we went for our walk, I worked with him. I used to work special ed and worked with students that stuttered. 

Tim just needed positive some re-enforcement." 

"Damn," Brian said, "sure looks like he got it." 

I was looking out the window and Tim didn't think I could see but, in the reflection, he looked at Jen and slowly licked his lips, then his fingers. 

That night as we started making love, she told me "about 10 minutes after you left, I went into the bedroom and called for Tim. When he came in, I stood in front of him and removed my pajamas. Tim's mouth hung open as I pulled his clothes off. His cock sprang to attention and I hugged his still cold body, then pushed him onto our bed. He feebly tried to protest but I pounced on him like a tigress and took his cock in my mouth. It was so cold I needed to warm it up." 

"I was running my hands up and down his body when he shook and shot a big wad of cum down my throat. I sucked with all my might and I loved watching his face as I took his virginity. His cock was still somewhat hard so I moved up and took ahold of it and guided it into my wet pussy. His eyes grew big as he slipped inside of me. I took his hands and put them to my breasts. He just kind of rubbed so I showed him how to gently pull on my nipples. After a bit, I moved down and rubbed my nipples on his chest." 

"Then I began kissing him. I asked him how he liked it. As he began to talk, I asked him to relax, to think of the words he wanted to say and then say them. It took a couple of tries but soon he was stuttering less and less. We turned over and he was screwing me missionary. I moved my legs over his shoulders and had him drive his cock in harder. Now I was cuming." 

"He asked if I liked it and I nodded and then he shot a big load, filling my pussy. He pulled out and to my surprise he went down on me and brought me off again. After I came, I looked at the clock and realized you two would be home soon. We cleaned up just in time too." About that time, I dropped a big load in my cougar wife. 

The next day

Brian was working on his car as it wouldn't start. I think it was due to the rain. Tim was over by our fire talking to Jen. She sent me over to see if I could help Brian but under his hood was a tangled mess of wires and hoses. In one way I hate these new vehicles. 

I turned to tell her I couldn't help when I saw the two of them heading towards the dunes. Jen was carrying a big canvas bag she has that we carry one of our beach blankets in and Tim was carrying a wine bottle carrier. 

I got to our campsite and she had left a note which said, 'Took Tim for some more speech therapy. Be back soon. Love you. Jen', so I finished getting the fifth wheel ready for us to head home, then I had a couple of drinks while watching the dying embers of the fire. 

Several drinks, more wood and three hours later, Jen and Tim walked back into camp. Honestly, he looked like a different man. Tim had his shirt off and walked with confidence. Turning to her, he squeezed Jen's hand and said, "Thank you. I'll never forget you." 

Tim then yelled, "Hey Brian, got that POS fixed yet?" and sprinted over to him. 

Brian raised his head out from under the hood and said, "Who are you? 

Jen had this impish grin on her face and hooked her finger in my collar and said, "Want to hear the details? Come inside with me. I followed her like a hungry puppy. 

Jen started, "I felt empowered. I was really helping that boy and I was making a difference. I told him that anything he wanted to do, that he had to ask clearly with no stuttering or it wasn't going to happen." 

"We found a secluded place to lay the blanket out and lay out in the sun, making out for a while. When he started to slip his hand into my blouse, I reminded him he had to ask first. Slowly he did. He was able to get me naked then go down on me. From there we progressed into a 69. Tim may have been a virgin when we met but he sure is a quick learner. He had me cuming in a short time." 

"After a while, he mounted me and asked me to tell him what I liked, whether to go fast or slow so I let him know what I liked and he got me off several times. I know I squirted a lot." 

"He then asked if we could do it doggy style and I readily agreed. Tim had his hands on my hips, thrusting away when suddenly he stopped and fell flat on me. What's wrong? I asked." 

"People," he said.

"Then I heard voices. I managed to lay down and we pulled the blanket over us until they moved out of earshot. Then we both laughed about it. 

We straightened out the blanket and Tim said clearly, "Now where were we?" with a big grin. 

"I got back on my hand and knees. He grabbed my hips and he slid his shaft back into my wetness. His hands had a firm grip on my hips as he brought me to several very nice orgasms." 

"I had squirted several times when Tim asked me if it was Ok for him to cum and I told him I wanted him to and he threw himself into his work, so to speak. I could feel his cock expanding as he started grunting and shot several jets of his cum into my pussy. He fell next to me, somewhat exhausted."

"I leaned over and licked him clean then he asked clearly if he could do the same. After licking me clean, He rested his head on my leg and just kept looking at my pussy and toying it with his fingers as I rubbed his head. We heard voices again and got dressed and came back. We didn't want to get caught" 

I said, "How about a quickie?" 

Jen had this smirk and said, "Hun, that boy, well he's not a boy anymore, wore me out. How about we wait until we get home, please." 

Then I asked her, "What about our rules?" 

Jen said, "What rules?" 

I told her, "You know, the swinging rules we signed that said get permission first." 

Jen said, "Well I told you I was going to try to help him stop his stuttering, doesn't that count?" 

I can't figure out her logic at times.