 Once again, I'd like to give a huge thanks to rnebular for again taking the time to edit and make suggestions to improve the story. Just a warning that this story has some disturbing content and someone dies -- I promised to give warning after "Dueling" caught people off-guard. The 'insect incident' is inspired by actual events -- at least a local event that many people around here believe happened before people had cameras in their phones. As always, I appreciate all the comments -- even the ones I do not agree with -- and hope you enjoy!

************************************

People who know me would call me a lot of things, but gullible isn't one of them. My name is Walter Stanos -- yes, Stanos as in Stanos United Realty, the biggest realtor corporation in Greenwell, Illinois. People often say Charles Stanos, my father, owns half the town. As his only son, I -- along with my stepmother -- are his sole heirs. As a high school teacher, I didn't inherit my dad's cutthroat business sense, but I did get his ability to read people really well. This works quite well in the classroom, as it did being one of the most eligible bachelors in town.

Almost as soon as I started high school, I picked up that girls were after me because they saw my trust fund as a golden ticket. I learned early on to not trust women's attentions. I'm sure I turned away a few who were genuinely interested in me -- even ones that I pursued first but then doubted why they wanted to be with me. Once in college, I realized having that attitude towards women was going to have me growing up old and lonely.

I met Natalie in my third year. She was studying to become a teacher as well -- only elementary, while I was aiming for high school. The first time I saw her, I fell fully in lust with her. She had that sexy exotic look, looking like she was either partially Latino or black. Five-foot seven, dark complexion, long curly black hair, full lips, at least D-cup breasts, and toned legs that you could see the muscle definition from her calves to her upper thighs in the short shorts she was wearing. I'll admit that I became shallow at that moment when I approached her, thinking even if she just wants me for my money, it would be worth it as long as I got to sleep with her once. Natalie didn't recognize me, being from out of town, and didn't fall for my cheesy pick-up line. I was turned down like a vegan offered a T-bone steak.

However, I didn't let it end. I saw her at a party a month later. Luckily I was relatively sober, and Nat was half-cut already. I put on the charm, apologized for being rude earlier and asked if there was anything I could do to prove I wasn't a huge jerk. She said dancing with her would be a good start. It was just one dance, and I didn't try anything except ask for her number after. She declined, but said to say hi if I saw her around.

A week later, I spotted her at the cafeteria and insisted on buy her lunch. Our conversation was going so well that we both missed our next class. That's when we found out we both wanted to be teachers and had a lot of other similar interests like outdoor activities and camping. I also found that Natalie was one of the sweetest people that I'd ever met. I think it was there over cold burritos that my lust started turning into love.

I finally got her number and we had our first date that night, which ended up with Natalie giving me a blowjob in my car when I dropped her off at her dorm. She apologized for not being ready to have me come up, but I was in complete la-la land, I'd probably had handed over my car keys to her if she asked. We had sex on our second date, and third, and forth, and after a month we were already discussing moving in together.

My dad, of course, was really skeptical when I told him Natalie was the one and that I was going to propose. My mother died when I was ten. Dad was already on wife number two, who divorced him after I went to college. However, dad kept the engagement ring he gave my mom, and promised her I could have it when I was ready.

After dating nine months, Natalie finally met my dad, and was shocked to find out I had enough money in a trust fund to retire. While I let Dad pay for my education, I worked part-time to support myself. Despite my upbringing, I preferred the simple life -- probably why I love camping so much. Dad, of course, really warmed up to Natalie fast. I didn't appreciate him ogling my girlfriend, but liked that he took the time to really talk to her and see what I saw in my potential wife. He spoke alone with me before we left and gave his blessing, but insisted his lawyer draw up a prenup. Money wasn't a big issue to either of us, so I didn't want to press the issue.

A month later, on Valentine's Day, I proposed at dinner. Natalie squealed she was so excited and cried as she put on the ring. She thanked me with another blowjob right in the restaurant parking lot, which we were caught and lucky the lady chose watching over calling the police. I returned the favor when we got to my apartment, and then we fucked and then made love and then fucked some more until the sun came up. We spent all morning cuddling in bed together naked, perfectly content.

When the prenup agreement was brought up by my father during wedding plans with Natalie's parents, her father flipped out. I really thought the two father-in-laws would start throwing punches. I actually didn't hear anything from Natalie for three days after that. She ignored all my calls and messages, leaving me thinking the wedding was off. When Natalie finally contacted me, she asked if I thought she was after my money. I told her that of course I wasn't. Natalie said then she would agree to sign the agreement.

The wedding went without a hitch, and the bad blood seemed to be gone about the agreement. However, my dad getting drunk and flirting a bit too much with Natalie's mother, who looks reminded me of Halle Berry, did cause a bit of friction. Natalie was disappointed that her brother, Travis, which she hasn't seen since before we started dating couldn't make it. Apparently, he was doing relief work in Africa and couldn't get away. He did sent a congratulations card with a picture of him on an elephant, which Natalie kept by her bed.

After that, things went into a routine. We both graduated, found teaching jobs in the same part of the city, and bought a house with money from my trust fund. The plan was Natalie would work a year, and then we'd start our family. Things got hectic during the year with both of us teaching, but we always made time for dates and Natalie was willing to start fooling around almost anywhere. As her going down on me in public showed me early on in our relationship, the thrill of maybe getting caught was a huge turn on for her. We never did anything too outrageous -- being teachers we weren't going to risk our careers on some public sex scandal -- but we had sex in public restrooms, fondled each other under a jacket or blanket at sporting events, and joined the mile high club on our trip to Florida. Natalie was both the love and the lust of my life.

With us both having the summer off, I was expecting a complete sex-fest as we worked on getting pregnant. I was right about the first part, but Natalie wanted to wait another year. She wasn't ready to give up teaching for a year, and with neither of us twenty-five yet, we had time. We dipped into my trust again and bought a cabin at a lake about four hours out of town. It was fairly secluded with most cabins on several acres of land. That meant, other than boats on the lake, we hardly saw anyone when we were there. There was a public picnic area and washroom/shower station, but the only person either of us bumped into there was a park employee restocking toilet paper.

That first summer, we'd camp for two weeks on and two weeks off the entire summer. We debated on another trip elsewhere, but decided just being in the outdoors -- and having plenty of sex in the outdoors -- was good enough for us.

The next school year came and went even better than the first. As before, it was a lot of work, but we both really loved what we did. I heard if you put a marble in a jar for every time you had sex the first year of your marriage, if you took one out every time you had sex after, the jar would never empty. That definitely wasn't happening for us, both our libidos were still running high, and Natalie still enjoyed the thrill of riskier locations. Fooling around in a car was still a staple of our love-life, but on a couple occasions she climbed on me and we fucked in the front seat at night somewhere. I thought I was the luckiest man in the world.

Shortly before the school year ended, I was shocked when Natalie traded in her car for a van. Hauling camping gear in one of our tiny sedans was getting to be really crowded, but I expected to upgrade to a SUV or pick-up truck. The fact Natalie did this without consulting me was surprising and I was a little upset. I calmed down fairly quick when she seduced me in the back of the van, and told me while riding me reverse cowgirl, that it was a perfect family vehicle. As we snuggled on the backseat, she confirmed that at the end of the summer she was going off the pill and aiming to finish the next school year and start her maternity leave the following summer. This time, I think I squealed with excitement and started to love that fucking van -- which I ended up driving all the time -- because of what it represented at the time.

The first cabin trip really made me appreciate our new van. We could easily bring everything we wanted there for the summer, without feeling claustrophobic. A week before our second trip, Natalie was as excited as I've ever seen her. Her brother, Travis, was back in the country for a brief visit and she'd invited him and her friend Rochelle to join us at the lake for a couple weeks.

While our cabin did have a master bedroom, with a queen bed, and two other bedrooms, I was a little disappointed in not being to not have the privacy with my wife. I also thought it would be better for her to catch up, since they hadn't seen each other for years, in town. And why did Rochelle need to be there? She was a friend of Natalie from college, but not one of her closer friends. The people we generally hung out with were couples like us -- though we were the only one still childless, whereas Rochelle was a little younger and never seemed to have a boyfriend for more than a month. Natalie said she wanted someone else there so there'd be no third wheel. It made sense to me: a single attractive woman to be there with her single attractive brother. I still didn't like giving up our private time at the lake, but decided it was only two weeks and I was being selfish considering the time the brother and sister had been apart.

Rochelle was an administrative assistant, so was working on the Friday that we were to head out. She worked downtown, which was close to the airport. The plan was, Rochelle would go to the airport right after work with her things. Travis's plane got in around four, so he'd be through customs by five. We would go there around five-thirty and pick both of them up at once, grab take-out from somewhere and then do the four-hour drive to the cabin.

For a couple years, I've seen that picture of Travis on our nightstand, but that didn't prepare me for seeing him in person. I'm five-foot eleven, about a hundred and sixty pounds of mostly lean muscle from being active most of my life. Travis looked like he could be an action hero. Blonde hair, blue eyes, at least six-foot-five with bulging biceps and shoulders. He looked like he could pick me up like a doll and throw me. Rochelle, a tall slender, leggy brunette with short hair, was drooling over him in his shorts and tank top when we pulled up. I have to admit, with both girls in sexy summer dresses, I was feeling like the ugly duckling of the group.

"Travis!" Natalie squealed as she ran to hug her brother, who lifted her right off the ground.

I went to shake his hand, and he squeezed a little too hard as he said that he wasn't sure I was good enough for his sister.

I think Natalie read my face, and quickly said, "He's kidding or course. I told him all about you; he's really happy for me."

Travis didn't back her statement, instead was focusing on his sister. The two were telling stories from their past, and he shared stories from Africa, while I sat awkwardly with Rochelle, who I didn't really know that well. They sat together for supper, and Travis insisted Natalie sit in the back with him so they could continue to catch up. Rochelle sat shotgun, and we tried to make small talk for the four hour drive.

About ninety minutes into the trip, Natalie and Travis both complained about being cold. I turned up the heat, which I already thought was fine.

"That's okay, Wally, there's a blanket," Natalie said and pulled one over the two of them as they continued to catch up. Usually the only time my wife called me by that nickname outside the bedroom was when she wanted something -- and hardly in front of other people.

After that, it seemed like their discussions were softer, though I could hear my wife giggle. Of course, with the radio and wind, it would be hard to hear them talking at a normal volume. I was trying to keep a conversation with Rochelle, who I found that I did like now I was getting to know her a bit better. Then I noticed it in the rearview mirror, just out of the corner of my eye. I glance again, just to be sure. I could see movements under the blanket, and if I didn't know better, it was almost like Travis had his hand between my wife's legs. I looked at her face. Clearly she was enjoying herself, but she was visiting with her brother that she hadn't seen in almost four years.

I dismissed it, thinking I was seeing things and letting myself get jealous of Travis. He was monopolizing my wife's time, but he was only here for two weeks and then gone again for how long. I focused on the road and talking with Rochelle, when I was sure I heard my wife gasp. I quickly looked in the mirror, and it was obvious they were cuddling, but of course it was platonic. My wife was a really touchy feely type of person, gave even our male friends hugs all the time. Of course, if I didn't know my wife as well as I did, and she wasn't there with her brother, I probably would suspect some intimate touching was happening the way the blanket was moving.

"Hey, with the flight, I'm super tired. I'm just going to lie down in the back," Travis said loud enough for me to hear clearly after not hearing a word for nearly twenty minutes.

"I'm pretty tired too, it was a long day," Natalie said in a breathless voice, "I'll join you. Don't mind, do you Wally? Wake us up when we get there."

Considering she didn't wait for me to answer, I just nodded and waved. I noticed Rochelle turned around and made a funny face. We went back to our discussion of a television series we both watched. From the middle seats to the rear ones, it was considerably darker, except when a car passed us head on, which didn't happen much. All I could really make out was shadows from the backseat, and couldn't really hear anything. I thought my eyes were deceiving me, but I thought I saw a lot more movement than I should, and hear the occasional gasp. Because it was my wife and her brother, I knew my eye must be tired and playing tricks. Again, if that wasn't the case, I'd suspect something was going on back there.

When I pulled onto the gravel road about ten minutes from the cabin, I heard loud yawns from the back of the van. Travis sat up and moved to the middle seat, while Natalie remained in the back, still lying down covered by the blanket.

"Hey, that's the washroom?" Travis said as we were right by the public washroom/shower station, "Pull over, I really need to take a shit."

I stopped and he jumped out, while I headed to the cabin. I pulled in the parking spot and Natalie immediately jumped out, with the blanket still around her and holding her own bag. "Hey, babe. I need to have a quick shower after the drive, before bed. Mind?"

"Not at all," I said, "Give me a second and I'll join you."

"That's okay, Walter. Rochelle will come with me. Besides, you need to be out here so Travis finds the cabin alright." She smiled in a weird way. "Don't mind carrying the stuff in without me, do you?"

"That's fine. I can shower in the morning," I said as I watched Natalie, still wrapped with the blanket head down the path with Rochelle.

I was already fully unloaded and sitting down to relax outside with a beer when Travis strolled -- more like strutted -- up. His hair was wet, so apparently I was the only one not showering that night.

"Want a beer?" I said gesturing to the cooler.

"You know how unhealthy those are for you?" Travis replied with his nose wrinkled in discuss, "I'm sure Natalie had enough sense to bring water. I'll have that."

He went inside the cabin and came out with a bottle of water, which my wife did bring.

"So, must be weird being back in civilization and then going to rough it for your two weeks back," I said half-laughing.

The guy gave me a look like I just farted. "Compared to places I've lived, this is paradise. You don't know how easy you have it, rich boy."

"I'm sure I don't," I said almost bitterly.

"That Rochelle is cute though," Travis said breaking a brief awkward silence, "You two ever?"

"No, I was married before I met her and more than happy with my wife," I said.

"Okay, so you don't mind if I fuck her tonight then?"

"I have no say, do what you want," I said a little coldly deciding I really didn't like the guy.

"So you're rich, but just a teacher?"

"I teach history and English. Same profession as your sister." I punctuated the last few words.

"Yes..." Travis replied in a way that sounded more insulting than 'just a teacher.'

"How are my two favorite men getting along?" Natalie said brightly as her and Rochelle came up the path. The blanket wasn't with them and my wife changed into yoga pants and a t-shirt, Rochelle was in the same summer dress, but both had wet hair.

"Just perfectly," Travis said, rising up to give her a hug.

"Did Walter get your cot and sleeping bag set up?"

"Don't know, but if he didn't, I think I can handle it," Travis boasted.

"Should we chase some bears into your room just to make you feel more at home?" Natalie teased and then squealed as he tickled her sides. She tickled him back behind his knee and both giggled.

"I'm sorry, but I'm an indoor kitty and probably need help with mine if it isn't ready," Rochelle said.

"Well, I'm sure Travis would be happy to do it and show off his survival skills," I said cheerfully. Natalie gave me a look, like I said something I shouldn't.

"Anyway, I think we're all tired," I added, "Nat and I are going to head to bed. See you in the morning. If you want anything, just help yourself."

"Don't worry about me, I know how to do that," Travis said with a wink. I figured he meant he was going to make a move on Rochelle while sitting up their cots.

When we got into our bedroom, Natalie started unpacking our bags into the dressers. She had a really tight face and wasn't looking at me.

"Something wrong?" I asked softly, knowing the walls were pretty thin. We could hear Rochelle and Travis laughing from two rooms down.

"Nothing," Natalie said quickly at first and then sighed. "You're kinda being rude to Travis."

"I'm being rude? He's being rude to me, acting like he's so much better." I gestured with my hands.

"He's been living in remote areas of Africa. I think he earned the right to be a little brazen." Natalie kept facing away from me.

"I'm your husband. I'd think you'd not put up with your brother disrespecting me in my cabin."
