 Edited by todger65

*

I spent my Friday afternoon catching up on a little grocery shopping. I was heading home when I received a call from Frank, who lived in the penthouse in the building where I live. He mentioned he was going away and if I could keep an eye on his apartment. He said he would leave a key in my letter box, and I was more than welcome to use his private pool while his wife and he were away. He mentioned at some stage his brother would be collecting a few things from his apartment and might call me if he has any problem getting in to the building. 

I got up on Saturday morning and got what I needed to get done. I decided I was going to take Frank up on his offer and spend the day lazing by his private pool. It was a great opportunity to do some nude sunbaking. I threw on a pair of shorts and a top, grabbed a towel and headed up to Frank’s Penthouse. I had been to Frank’s apartment before and the two things I loved were the pool and the view.

Once inside Frank’s apartment, I headed out to the pool and found a nice spot in the sun. I moved one of the deck chairs over before removing all of my cloths. It was a nice hot day for relaxing by the pool and I was sure going to make the most of it. I sat back in the deck chair and rubbed my naked body down with sun lotion ready for a tan. I lay back relaxing and as I looked up I noticed a few taller buildings looking over the penthouse. I knew they had a clear view of my naked body, but I didn’t care. It was quite a turn on. I closed my eyes and relaxed feeling the hot sun on my body.

Sometime had passed and I was woken by a voice standing by the pool. 

“Well, you sure aren’t Margaret.”

I opened my eyes to find a tall man around 50 or so standing close staring at my naked body. I looked over at the sliding door leading out to the pool where two more men stood. For a second I thought about reaching for the towel and covering myself but I didn’t, as I was only going to cover what they had already seen.

“I’m Toni. Frank asked me to keep an eye on his apartment. He said I could use the pool.”

“No problem. I’m Charlie, Frank’s brother. That’s Paul and Bob, friends of mine. We came to collect a few things, and lucky for us we get to see you.” He said with a smile.

“Well if you and your friends haven’t got any plans, then maybe stick around. Nice day for a swim.” I replied.

I continued laying in the deck chair as Charlie’s friends came over their eyes still on my naked body, the three undressed down to their jocks. Charlie’s friends looked like they were in their mid 50s and all three were pretty fit for their age. 

Charlie pulled over a deck chair and sat down beside me, while his two friends Paul and Bob hopped in the pool.

“So how does a beautiful thing like you know my brother?” Charlie asked.

“I have known Frank for sometime now. I live in the building.” I replied.

“What does Margaret think about you and Frank?” Charlie asked with a cheeky smile.

“No, Frank and I are just friends. I have known him for a while that’s why he asked me to mind his apartment.”

I looked over at Paul and Bob in the pool. Both had removed their jocks and threw them on the edge of the pool.

“Well if she’s naked why can’t we bb?” Paul said with a laugh.

Charlie looked at me.

“Go for it.” I said teasing with a smile. “More for me to look at.”

Charlie got up from the deck chair and removed his jocks, revealing his huge cock. And I mean it was huge. I couldn’t stop staring as he sat back down in the chair. Paul and Bob hopped out of the pool and both pulled over a deck chair. They also had good size cocks. As my eyes took turns staring at their cocks, I could feel my pussy starting to get wet. 

“You like the view honey.” Bob said catching me staring at his cock.

“For sure. Like to see them nice and hard.” I replied.

The three guys lay back in their deck chairs and started stroking their cocks. I couldn’t believe a quiet day by the pool was going to turn into a nice gangbang.

After a few minutes all three guys were hard and I was wet. Not wanting to wait any longer to have Charlie’s big cock in my mouth. I sat up and leaned over, replacing his hand with mine. I slowly licked the head of his cock before taking as much as I could in my mouth. I sucked him nice and slow while watching Paul and Bob stroking their cocks. I was so wet and turned on, and I couldn’t wait for their cocks to be fucking me. Paul and Bob got up and moved close. Still stroking Charlie’s cock I raised my head and took turns sucking Paul and Bob’s cock.

After a few minutes Charlie took my hand and pulled me over. With his cock hard and erect and my pussy nice and wet, I mounted him sliding his cock slowly inside me. I rode his cock taking him inch by inch. Paul and Bob moved closer, and while riding Charlie I continued sucking their cocks. Every thrust I felt the head of Charlies cock stretching my pussy. It felt so good.

After a few minutes I hopped up off Charlie ready to ride another cock. Bob lay down on the deck chair ready and I mounted him sliding his cock inside me. Both Charlie and Paul stood each side of me and I took turns sucking and stroking their cocks.

“Feel good baby?” Asked Charlie. 

“God yes.” I replied.

“How about we take this beauty inside and lay her arse on the bed.” Charlie said. 

Without another word, Paul took my hand and helped me up. We followed Charlie who led us to the bedroom. I lay on my back on the bed with my legs spread open. Charlie lay between my legs and with his tongue teased my pussy. Paul and Bob knelt up on the bed each side of me taking turns fucking my mouth. I was so turned on and I was ready to cum. 

“Yes, lick my pussy. I’m cumming.” I said letting out a loud moan.

I came as Charlie continued licking my pussy tasting my cum. 

As I started to relax Paul lay on the bed ready for me to mount. I slid his cock inside me riding him nice and hard. 

“God Charlie, fuck my arse.” I said looking at Charlie at the side of the bed.

Charlie knelt up behind me and pressed his cock against my arse. 

“Oh god, take it slow. Your cock is so big.”

I felt the head of his cock slowly enter my arse, then a rush of pleasure. As they both fucked me I felt Charlie’s cock inside me deeper and deeper. I couldn’t help moan as the pleasure was intense. I looked over at Bob stroking his cock. He knelt beside me sliding his cock in my mouth. While Charlie and Paul fucked my arse and pussy I sucked Bob’s cock nice hard cock. 

After a few minutes Charlie pulled his cock out of my arse and hopped off the bed. Bob moved behind and pressed his cock into my pussy. Now with Bob and Paul both stretching my pussy, it felt so good. I looked over at Charlie sitting on a chair watching me being fucked stroking his large erect cock.

“You enjoying that baby?” Charlie asked.

Bob pulled his cock out of my pussy and hopped off the bed. I hopped up off Paul and moved over to the chair. Charlie stood up and Bob took his place sitting down. With my back to Bob, I mounted his cock sliding him into my arse. Charlie and Paul stood in front of me and I leaned forward taking their cocks in my mouth. I felt every inch of Bobs cock in my arse as it slid in and out over and over.

“Oh god I’m cumming.” I screamed as I grabbed both cocks stroking them hard.

As I started to relax Bob grabbed my breasts and pulled me back. Now with my back lying on him Charlie pushed my legs up before spreading my pussy with his big cock. 

“God you are so wet. You enjoying playing with a couple of old cocks?” Charlie asked as he slid out then teased my pussy with the head of his cock.

“Hell yes. I love older men.”

After a few minutes of being fucked in the arse and pussy I stood up. Bob got up and Paul sat in the chair. I mounted Paul’s cock in the same position and raised my legs. Paul grabbed my breasts groping them both and squeezing my nipples. Charlie moved in close, and I watched as his cock spread my pussy as it slowly slid inside me. The thought of both cocks rubbing against each other inside me was starting to get over whelming. The feeling was amazing as both guys fucked my wet pussy, and I knew it wasn’t going to be long before my cum explodes all over their cocks. 

“Harder, harder,” I screamed.

Both guys rammed their cocks into me harder and faster, and by this stage Charlies big cock had stretched my pussy and was sliding all the way in.

“Yes, yes, god I’m cumming,” I screamed between moans.

My pussy exploded all over their cocks and I could feel I was dripping wet.

Charlie slid his cock out of my pussy as I lay back on Paul. I slowly stood up feeling the blood rush back to my legs. 

“Let’s take her outside and fuck her in the spa.” Charlie said.

Charlie took my hand and led me to the spa while Paul and Bob followed behind. Charlie turned the spa on and hopped in before taking my hand, helping me in. I mounted Charlie’s cock and started riding him hard. I couldn’t get enough of Charlie’s big cock. It felt so good. Both Paul and Bob hopped into the spa. Paul moved behind pushing his cock inside me sharing my pussy with Charlie’s cock. I moaned over and over as they fucked me hard. Bob got up and stood beside me sliding his cock in my mouth. For older guys, they sure new how to fuck a girl. 

“Fuck my arse.” I said as I turned and looked at Paul.

He pulled his cock out of my pussy and pressed it against my arse.

“God your arse is so tight.” He said as is cock spread my arse slowly sliding inside me.

I continued to suck and stroke Bobs cock between moans of pleasure and I could feel my body was ready to come again.

“Oh my god, harder, harder. I’m cumming, I’m cumming.” I screamed.

My body shook as the three guys continued to fuck my arse, pussy and mouth.

After a few minutes Paul started to moan. His cock fucked my arse harder and faster.

“Fuck baby I’m going to cum.” He moaned.

“Fuck yes, fill my arse.” I screamed as I felt his warm cum shoot inside me.

His cock pulsated over and over inside my arse before he pulled out. Paul sat down in the spa relaxing as he caught his breath. 

Still enjoying the feeling of Charlie’s cock inside me, he helped me up before he hopped out of the spa. He grabbed my towel and laid it down before laying me down on my back. Both Bob and Charlie stood over me stroking their cocks. I spread my legs and started rubbing my pussy still very turned on by their cocks. 

“God Charlie I want you to cum in my pussy. Fuck me.”

Charlie lay down inserting his big cock inside me. 

“God that feels so good inside me.” I said as he thrust his cock.

Bob knelt down feeding my mouth with his cock and gagging my moans of pleasure. 

“God baby suck it hard. Make me cum.”

I took hold of his cock stroking him hard.

“God Charlie. I’m cumming; I’m cumming, fuck me with your big cock.” I screamed.

My body froze as my pussy tightened around his hard cock as I came hard. With Charlie still fucking my pussy, Bob grabbed his cock out of my hand and started stroking. 

“Baby open that beautiful mouth of yours. I’m going to cum” Said Bob.

I opened my mouth with my tongue out ready to taste him. His cock exploded shooting all over my face. I licked my lips taking as much cum in my mouth before swallowing. 

“You’re a naughty little thing aren’t you?” Said Bob before getting up and sitting on a deck chair watching.

I raised my head and looked down watching Charlie’s cock fuck my pussy.

“God you feel so good.” I said watching his cock penetrate me.

I could feel his cock getting hard stretching my pussy. I continued to moan over and over with every thrust.

“God Charlie. Cum inside me. Fill my pussy.”

It wasn’t long before Charlie was ready to cum. 

“Fuck me. Oh god I’m going to cum again.” I screamed as I wrapped my arms around him pulling him tight.

“Fuck yeah baby I’m cumming.” Charlie said.

The orgasm was so intense as his cock exploded inside me filling my pussy with his cum. Still holding him tight I could feel his cock pulsating deep inside my stretched pussy.

Charlie got up off the ground and sat on one of the deck chairs. Still overcoming the intense orgasm, I looked up at Paul standing over me. With my legs still spread apart and Charlie’s cum dripping from my pussy, Paul knelt down between my legs. 

“Think your pussy could take it one more time baby?” Paul asked holding his hard cock.

“Do what ever you want to me.” I replied.

Paul lay down on top of me sliding his cock inside my pussy. Over and over he thrust his hard cock as I continued to moan. My pussy was enjoying every inch inside me. 

After a few minutes Paul started to breath heavy as his cock got harder. He quickly pulled his cock out and sat up stroking. 

“Baby I’m cumming, I’m cumming.” He said as he continued stroking his cock.

All of a sudden he let out a moan as he shot his cum all over my breasts. I continued to lay on the towel felling totally used as Paul stood up.

“Baby you felt so good.” Paul said.

“Well you guys sure know how to treat a girl.” I replied.

After about twenty minutes, the guys got dressed and headed off, leaving me bathing in the sun by the pool.