 *** This is my first erotic story published. All in the story are over 18 years of age. Feedback definitely welcome ***

*****

My girlfriend Staci and I have been together for almost a year now. I got a job as a stage hand for a popular Las Vegas show. I met her at a resort mixer put on by my employer, and we really hit it off right from the start. 

I had the day off so I decided to sit next to the pool and watch Staci work. Staci is a pool waitress for a massive, high-end Las Vegas resort. This is the "VIP pool". Basically, guests that can afford suite-style rooms at the resort are granted access. It was a beautiful day, the gilded rays of Las Vegas sunshine had not yet reached their maximum heat potential as it was only 10 am. I was enjoying laying out on a deck chair and sipping a cold lemonade with a tiny drink umbrella. While other pool guests were beginning to drink (after all, it is Vegas) I thought it much too early to begin alcohol consumption. 

The pool itself was an odd shape. The resort definitely had an all-around "modern" feel to impress the guests. The "modern" theme manifested itself as a pool in the shape of the letter "C" when viewed from above, but none of the edges of the perimeter were curved, they were all jagged, non-symmetrical, straight edges. The large "arc" of the C was lined with fancy deck chairs like mine, umbrellas, and even comfy lounge beds where a couple could lay out next to the pool. The smaller inside "arc" of the C is lined with square cabanas that VIP groups can rent for a ridiculous amount of money. The cabanas are pretty spacious on the inside, and they've got two curtains that are tied up to the outside that can be shut for some privacy if desired. 

The pool was almost deserted today, likely because it was so early in the morning. At the far end of the C-shaped pool was a bar area with a single bartender. I spied Staci at the bar grabbing another lemonade for me. She turned to face me and smiled and began walking over. 

I drank in the image of her as she approached. She had a lovely 21 year old body. I loved seeing her in her waitress "uniform". Her body was firm and toned from years of playing volleyball in high school. She had a very petite but tall frame standing at about 5'8". She had on a tight teal bikini top. Two triangles of fabric left very little to the imagination regarding her chest. Staci doesn't have massive boobs, but they sit high and perky on her chest and appear large on her frame. The bikini straps are elastic ties that don't support extremely well, so there's a subtle but detectable jiggle of her breasts every time she takes a step. The resort's logo is embroidered across the left triangle of the minimal top. I look down her exposed midriff and appreciate her flat, tanned stomach. She's wearing somewhat low-rise black bikini bottoms that tie on the sides of her hips. Her legs are long and lux. The sex bomb ensemble is completed by two small white wedges that make her look legs look even longer.

She brushes the bangs of her straight brown hair to the side. Her hair sits just a bit longer than her shoulders and frames her cute facial features perfectly. Her reflective Oakley sunglasses prevent me from seeing her big brown eyes. Suddenly my swim trunks feel much tighter. 

"Another lemonade for you, Sir!" she smiles and says in a joking tone. She bends over at the waist and sets the glass down. I look to my side and get a nice view of her minimally covered breasts as gravity pulls them downwards. 

"Thanks, Darling" I reply, handing her a $2 tip. Whenever Staci is working, we pretend that we don't know each other. Staci is an expert at flirting with men at the pool to earn larger tips. If the patrons catch on that she's got a boyfriend and isn't actually attracted to them, that might hinder her chances of success. At first, I was jealous as I would watch her flirt around. She always assured me that it was just for monetary purposes, but she was so good at it I couldn't help but question if she was actually interested in these men. My jealousy subsided as I realized that, at the end of the day, she was always lying next to me in my bed. I enjoyed the days that I would get to watch her work. She thrived when serving groups of men. However, couples are also common at the pool. She would openly flirt with the man in the relationship. I think she gets some sort of pleasure out of watching the wives/girlfriends get jealous. 

Staci stood, spun around, and started walking back towards the bar. She must have known I'd be watching. She swayed her hips slightly as she walked. The bikini bottoms were a tanga style that hugged the curve of her cheeks perfectly. In fact, "cheeky" is an excellent way to describe the bottoms. They gave an excellent view of her tight and pert ass. The crease where the bump of her butt meets her leg was definitely visible. 

I sat back and enjoyed a few sips of my new lemonade and checked out the pool. I noticed there was a cabana directly across from me that two men had just arrived at. They were both quite tall, one with short black hair, blue board shorts, and black flip flops. The other man was of similar height but had longer, shaggy blonde hair and white board shorts. A shell necklace was draped around his neck. Both the men were shirtless, and clearly worked out. They had abs and looked like maybe they just finished up a morning workout. I watched as they pulled a container of sunblock out of a drawstring bag and began applying sunscreen to themselves. 

Staci took note of their arrival and left her perch at the bar to go greet the two men. I looked across the pool as she walked over. She introduced herself and greeted them and asked if they needed anything. I could barely hear their conversation. I think the one with black hair was named Greg and the one with Blonde hair was Conrad. They asked if she would be willing to put sunscreen on their backs. Staci obliged. The cabana had a grey sectional sofa on the right side. Conrad took a seat while Greg stood up a few feet in front of the sofa. Staci giggled and took the sunscreen bottle and squirted globs all over Greg's back playfully. Greg winced a bit as the cold sunscreen hit his back. He looked back over his shoulder and laughed. She then began rubbing it in with both hands across Greg's back, essentially giving him a massage at the same time. I felt a pang of jealousy as I watched her work the liquid into his skin. I noticed Conrad was seated basically right behind Staci, and had a perfect eye-level view of her ass as she massaged his friend. Conrad made no attempts to hide what he was looking at. His eyes remained locked on her ass until she turned around and said "Your turn!". Conrad and Greg switched places. It took Greg a second to notice the view, but his eyes remained locked on her ass too. My pants suddenly felt tighter again as I watched these men each admire Staci's bikini-clad butt just a few inches from their faces. 

Staci took her leave after telling them both to yell if they needed anything and that she'd be back to check on them soon. I texted her as she walked back over to the bar. "They look fun... they both caught a great view of your butt as you put sunscreen on them."

Staci grabbed her phone from behind the bar (there's not exactly any pockets to keep it in with her outfit). I saw her smile and type out a message. "Yea? do you think they liked what they saw? ;)" 

"Lol I'm sure they did."

She texted back. "Want to have some fun with them?"

I felt my heart rate rise. What the fuck does that mean?? "What do u mean?" I texted.

"Watch what happens when I go back..." she replied, then set her phone down back behind the bar. 

I was on the edge of my seat wondering what was going to happen. Staci made herself busy helping out the bartender for a few minutes (that felt like an eternity to me) before heading back over to the cabana. The men were both sitting back relaxing with their arms outstretched over the back of the sofa. Staci walked in "Hey Guys, can I get you either something to drink?" they were both clearly glad to see her and greeted her cheerfully. They said they were both OK. "Let me grab you both some water at least." On the floor on the left side of the cabana was a small mini fridge that is stocked with free non-alcoholic beverages. Staci turned away from them, and slowly bent over at the waist to reach down to the mini fridge. She opened the door and began rummaging around on the bottom shelf for bottled water. "They always put these damn waters at the back." She spent a ridiculous amount of time bent over. Conrad and Greg definitely took notice. They looked at each other in surprise then took in the view of my girlfriends tight butt, yet again, but this time bent over directly in front of them. I'm sure they could see the perfect round of her ass and the small bit of black fabric covering her sex through her thigh gap. She was definitely showing off for their pleasure. She must have finally found them, because she stood up with three bottles of water. She came over to the couch and handed each one a bottle of water, then sat between them on the couch with her own bottle of water. 

Once again I felt the throes of jealousy as she sat down between them. She began to make some flirtatious small talk with them, frequently smiling at both of them. Every once in a while she'd touch the shoulder of one of them as she'd laugh. She sat on the edge of the couch with perfect posture and her legs crossed in front of her. I watched as she opened her bottle of water and tilted her head back to take a swig. The water came too fast and some escaped from the sides of her mouth, trickled down her chin, and finally down the round of the insides of her breasts. It looked very erotic and I could tell by Greg and Conrad's body language that they were beginning to become aroused. They kept scooting closer to her position on the couch. 

Staci was clearly surprised by the cold water that suddenly coated her chest. She feigned embarrassment. "Whoops!" she said "but damn, that felt great!". 

"You look way too hot, we need to cool you down" Conrad suggested. "Since you're already wet, how about we pour the rest of that bottle on you." 

Staci took a moment to consider what was happening. She looked over at me. I knew she wouldn't do it, right? It would be too lewd? I think I might have subconsciously nodded my head forward. My dick betrayed my brain and I was suddenly struggling to hide my stiffy. I draped a towel over myself and looked back over at the scene that was unfolding.

Staci was stood up in the center of the cabana with Conrad directly in front of her with a bottle of water. Greg was seated and observing from the side. Staci grabbed her hair into a makeshift ponytail behind her head that she held there to keep her hair dry.

"You ready?" Conrad asked. 

Before she could answer Conrad began dribbling the water out the bottle across her chest. Every time the cold water touched Staci's skin she would sharply inhale and let out a playful moan, slightly bouncing giving her tits the slight jiggle that I loved. Conrad was being methodical. He studied the travel path of every micro pour of water to understand how it maneuvered across her bikini clad tits. He was clearly trying to soak her nipples with the frigid water. Once Conrad perfected his aim, he became more generous with the pours and Staci shuddered playfully even more. He finished the bottle and returned to his seat on the couch. Staci resumed her seat between them with two noticeable differences: her bikini top was now soaked, the thin triangle fabric now clinging tightly to the swell of her breasts, and her nipples were definitely hard and protruded delightfully through the thin fabric. She released her makeshift pony tail and her hair draped naturally on her shoulders once again. "That felt great!" she said. 

It was obvious from my vantage point that they were both staring directly at Staci's boobs, and enjoying the view of her perky nipples in the thin fabric. She was clearly enjoying the attention. After a few seconds she stood up once more. 

"Well I'm going to go check on my other guests. I'll be back in a bit."

Conrad called out "Wait, before you go" and he reached over to his drawstring bag and retrieved his wallet. He opened it up as Staci watched. He counted out a few bills that I couldn't quite see and handed them to her. He motioned for her to come closer such that he could whisper in her ear. She lent her ear to him and he whispered something. It was hard for me to read her expression at what she was hearing. Finally she began walking back to the bar. 

I wondered what on earth he could have whispered... There was a definite pit forming in my stomach. This had already gotten too out of hand for my liking. But somehow I wanted there to be more. I desperately wanted to know what he said. 

I saw Staci grab her phone again. I picked mine up too expecting a text any second. "What did you think of that? ;)" she asked. "That was super hot! But do you think they're getting the wrong idea? They certainly loved checking you out and pouring water down your chest..."

"Aww baby, are you jealous?" what kind of question was that? I just watched two men soak my girlfriend's tits with water... of course I'm jealous. "Maybe a little" I replied. 

"Should I stop?" she asked. A part of me wanted to say yes. This has gone too far. And say that it needed to stop. But another twisted part of me wanted it to continue. "No... What did Conrad say?" I replied. 

"I knew you would enjoy this, you perv!" she teased. "He just tipped me $400... he said there's more where that came from if I show them my tits."

"Wow... that's pretty forward... are you considering it?"

"A little bit... I think this is a crazy opportunity to make some cash and have some fun... Are you alright with it baby?"

No. Of course I'm not alright with it. Fuck them. Why do they get to see your tits and pour water on you and have fun with you. You're MY girlfriend, not theirs. I don't know what came over me. "OK." I replied. 

She looked giddy when she saw her phone. I truly think she was enjoying this. I couldn't believe what I had just willingly consented to. The cocktail of emotions stirring inside of me was clearly captained by the lust in my pants. 

She took some time to walk around and visit the other guests that had sat down, but that was unexciting besides the men around the pool definitely noticed her poking nipples. I couldn't wait to see what would happen when she went back to the cabana. 

Finally, she made the walk back over to Greg and Conrad. Both were seated on the sofa still, laying back relaxing. I watched as she walked in and stood in front of the couch. With each hand, she grabbed the string of her bikini that extended around her neck. She tugged upwards on the string causing her tits to bounce gently and fluidly. She was teasing both of them. Conrad realized that she was clearly down to show her breasts and pointed outside, concerned, and said "People will see!". He jumped up and drew the curtains of the cabana blocking my view of what was going on in there. 

Oh fuck. I hadn't planned on not being able to observe! My mind went crazy imagining what could be going on behind the confines of the curtains. I literally couldn't see or hear anything with the door shut. This was definitely not what I had in mind. My dick raged against the confines of my suit. Images of my naked girlfriend on her knees flashed through my head. Could she really be blowing them right now? Would she do that without talking to me first? Would I be OK with that? What if they had sex? 

After what seemed like another eternity, she finally reemerged from the curtain, shutting it behind her. She had all of her bikini on but was adjusting her top as she walked back to the bar. I texted her first.

"WHAT THE FUCK HAPPENED IN THERE? I didn't expect to not be able to see!!" 

She smiled at the text. "Nothing much. I took my top off and danced around a bit. They said I have the best tits ever. I let each of them each get a good feel, too, and got tipped another $200. Oh yea and they each squeezed my butt."

The image of both of them fondling my girlfriend's boobs and squeezing her butt was too much. My cock ached in my shorts. I didn't know how to respond. I was literally paralyzed with fury and lust. 

"Does this turn you on?" I asked, afraid to know the answer. 

"Of course Baby! I think it turns you on, too." 

"Also, they said they'd tip $1000 if I give them both head..."

My heart raced even faster. Was she seriously considering sucking these two guys cocks? She barely even sucks my cock. How the hell does she think she's going to suck off two dudes at the same time? More importantly, why am I so interested in it? Thoughts of my girlfriend on her knees with two dicks in her hands flashed through my mind. 

"Ok... but I get to watch." I typed out the response. 

"Let me go let them know what's up."

She walked back over to the cabana and disappeared inside for a few minutes. The text came rolling in. 

"They say they don't care who watches." 

I swallowed hard. I didn't know what the fuck I was about to watch. 

I walked over to the bar area and Staci and I walked over to the cabana together. We opened the curtains and, just as expected, Greg and Conrad were still seated on the sectional laying back and relaxing. 

"Hey boys, so this is my boyfriend Jackson" 

"Hi Jackson, mighty fine girl you've got here." said Conrad, standing up and extending his hand. I shook it. His handshake was very firm. Greg stood up as well "Hi, I'm Greg" and he also extended a firm handshake. 

"So... your girl here has agreed to suck both our dicks... You don't have any problems watching her pretty little slut mouth get fucked?"

I was caught off guard by the profanity... "uhh, no... I guess." I replied. 

"You go sit on the end of the sofa then and let's get this party started." I took a seat on the small tip of the "L" formed by the sofa. "Staci, you come sit your fine ass right here in between Greg and I."

Staci sat down in between them on the edge of the couch. Conrad reached up and pulled out the loop of Staci's bikini strap behind her neck allowing the two triangles of fabric to fall forward revealing her perky tits. There she sat on the edge of the couch, her chest bared for all to see. Conrad reached his arms around her cupping a breast in each hand and pulling her backwards so that her back rested on his chest. He fondled her nipples giving each one a squeeze. "Fuck you've got nice tits Staci... I bet Jackson loves these." He looked up at me and made eye contact. Staci leaned into his embrace. Conrad began to kiss the side of her neck. Staci shut her eyes and a soft moan escaped her lips. 

Greg leaned forward slightly and began tonguing Staci's right nipple. He loudly sucked it into his mouth eliciting more moans from Staci. Staci was a sight to be seen. She was leaning back against Conrad while he sucked her neck and Greg paid attention to her sensitive nipples. I was diamond hard at this point watching these two men please my sweet girlfriend. 

In between neck kisses Conrad asked a question. "You ever pleased two dicks at the same time before?"

"Mmmm... No" Staci replied in between moans. 

"You're gonna learn today" he said. He gently pushed Staci up off of him and onto her feet. He grabbed one of the couch's throw pillows and placed it on the floor. Staci knelt down on her knees on the pillow obediently. Greg and Conrad rose from the couch. Conrad on her right side and Greg on her left. I could see the two men's sizable bulges straining at the edge of their shorts. 

"Jackson... last chance to stop all of this before it begins. You still want to watch?"
