 (Though my stories are standalone, they're all somewhat related. For a complete list of chronology, refer to my profile info.)

*****

There are some boundaries we probably shouldn't cross. Well, at least we should be prepared that once crossed, there is no turning back. Setting up my petite Asian wife Bonnie to be reluctantly gankfucked by my coworkers crossed that line of fantasy into reality. Everything changed after that, your boundaries have been pushed and you're just aching to push it some more. Though my wife never had any idea I was involved in that incident, our sexual appetite escalated and we were always looking for that next sexual rush.

At first it was just small kinky things such as groping her on the subway, fucking her outdoors on our balcony in the city, or that night we tried naked sushi. Then this one time we were staying at a hotel in Seoul, we really went overboard. For some reason we were always the horniest in hotels. I think the hotel scene made her feel like a high priced sexual escort. 

However, that night she wanted to go out for a movie, so I came up with a sadistic idea and she reluctantly went along. I put a remote controlled egg vibrator into her pussy and secured it with her panties. Next, I tied a yarn with a little cat bell to each of her nipples. The purpose was not for pain, but to irritate her nipples until they became ultra-sensitive. Just imagine the fabric of the yarn irritating the nipples while the bells jostled to every movement of her body. To prevent her from being able to remove anything, I had her wrists tied behind her back. Then, I covered her naked body with just a trench coat, tucking the sleeves into the pockets so it would look natural. 

Before heading out, I gagged her with a ball gag, concealing it with a doctor's surgical mask. Though it might seem strange in the western world, it was actually very common in Asia to wear these masks in public because of the pollution in the cities. To cover the strap of the gag, I lowered her hair down. For her shoes, it would be sexier if she wore 3" stilettos, but I didn't want it to be too difficult for her so I picked a pair of 1.5" pumps. Finally, we were ready.

My heart was racing the moment we stepped outside and I could only imagine what was going through her mind. As she walked in those pumps, we could hear the little bells on her nipples ringing to each step. On the street it was hard to notice because of the noise, but once in the subway station it was certainly audible. I could hardly contain my pleasure whenever I saw a person confused by the ringing. A couple of times Bonnie whimpered softly to me and it made me raging hard knowing she was fully under my control.

When we were in the subway, I sat her alone on the bench and took a seat across from her. I picked up a piece of newspaper and pretended that I didn't know her. Then with the remote, I started the vibrator egg buried deep in her pussy. Immediately Bonnie's breathing picked up and she was visibly uncomfortable, rubbing her legs and crossing and uncrossing them. At one stop, several people came on and the benches were completely filled. I turned the vibrator higher and sadistically watched her squirming in her seat.

There was a young man sitting to the right of her. At first he wasn't paying attention, but Bonnie's constant fidgeting finally took his notice. He kept looking at her, confused as to what was going on. However, because of the ball gag, a line of saliva actually drooled out of the mask and down her neck. When the young man saw this, his eyes followed the drool right down into her cleavage. It was at this point he realized she was naked underneath the trench coat. At first he just touched her thigh a little, which Bonnie jerked and stared at him. Since Bonnie didn't offer any real resistance, he became more daring and started fondling her tits outside the coat. Immediately Bonnie stared at me pleading with her eyes while this young man molested her. She was visibly worried as she didn't anticipate I would let other men touch her. However, I just kept pretending I was reading the papers.

All the commotion attracted the attention of an older man sitting on Bonnie's left. He observed the young man for a bit and after realizing Bonnie wasn't resisting other than squirming, he actually reached into the trench coat and groped her tender flesh. The sudden move had Bonnie panicking but her body was succumbing to the lust. She closed her eyes and moaned into the gag as her body started to throb with their touch. The more I watched, the higher I jacked up the vibrator's setting until Bonnie arched her back, tilted her head, and stuck out her tits in the air. Her whole body was grinding to their hands, she was in a complete daze.

Right in the middle of her ecstasy, the subway grounded to a halt at the next stop. Without hesitation, Bonnie got up quickly and headed for the door. I followed immediately with my arm around her lower waist while winking at the two men. When we got off at the stop, I shoved her into the men's room and then took her into one of the stalls. I pinned her back against the stall door and pounded her with the vibrator egg still inside her pussy to her grunts and moans until I blew my load deep into her. After a brief rest, we went back to the subway. 

Now, I am actually quite a germaphobe and the thought of having sex in a urinal cake smelling graffiti covered stall is revolting. However, when your sexual boundaries are pushed, nothing really holds you back anymore.

We continued to the theater and took our seats in the crowded room. I groped her still overly sensitive body throughout the movie as she squirmed and whimpered. A few times she tried to get up, but I held her tightly in my arms. About only 30 mins into the movie, we both couldn't take it anymore so I took her into the theatre restroom and fucked her on her knees bent over on the toilet, still tied and gagged. It was even more exciting than the filthy subway station restroom because men were constantly coming in and out of this busy restroom. I had to cover her mouth the whole time while I rammed her mercilessly. Needless to say, we missed the rest of the film. 

It wasn't just about the actual physical sexual escalation. One thing I noticed was that more and more I began to desire watching her humiliated like when those two men molested her on the subway. Humiliation from strangers you'll never see again was one thing, but it didn't quite match the humiliation she received being fucked by my coworkers. Even more so, I wanted to humiliate her in front of someone she was close to.

It just so happened one time she was lying on the sofa talking with her baby sister using a headset. The opportunity to humiliate her on the phone with her sister was too much to pass by so I started playing with her body. She would try her best to resist me while maintaining a proper composure on the phone. Eventually I had my head buried between her legs while milking her bare nipples with my fingers. Though still able to keep her composure, she couldn't stop her breathing from becoming faster and harder. When I sucked hard on her clit, she couldn't hold it in anymore and a soft moan finally escaped her lips. I don't know whether her sister bought it, but Bonnie claimed it was the TV.

I've only met her baby sister Kaitlyn once at our wedding. She shared a lot of similar physical features with Bonnie such as a slim build, wide hips, and nice tits. However, she was much shorter at 5 feet tall and looked a lot younger with a baby face. At the wedding, I thought she was a teenager at first before realizing she was 22 years old at the time. Though Bonnie and I had fantasized a lot of scenarios and even lived out some such as the wild weekend with Wendy, she would never allow me to even think about her sister in any sexual manner. The more protective she was of her, the more I wanted to push it. Every chance I get, I would grope Bonnie whenever she was talking with her. One time I even feasted on her pussy under the table while she video chatted with her sister on Skype.

One night, I decided it was time to really expose Bonnie and see how her sister would react. That evening I went all out on her as rough as I could. I tied Bonnie's arms behind her back and fucked her savagely, slapping her and spitting on her. I made her my complete bitch and this drove her wild, buckling like a professional whore. I took her lipstick and started writing all over her body with words such as "fuck slave," "meat whore," and even an "insert cock" with an arrow down to her cunt. When she was fucked into a trancelike state of pure pleasure, I put a blindfold on her and I started bouncing her hard on my cock in reverse cowgirl.

As she bounced on my cock with her mouth dangling open drooling, she was so lost that she didn't notice I had called her sister on Skype. Kaitlyn answered immediately within a couple of rings and replied, "Hey big sis! What's ... omg... what's going on!?" 

Kaitlyn's expression was unforgettable as her big baby eyes widened in shock while covering her mouth with both her hands. Upon hearing the voice of her sister, Bonnie immediately started to struggle on my cock and mumbled, "OMG! WTF?!? Don't let her see me like this!" 

Of course her pleading only made me even more aggressive as I grabbed her neck while fucking her harder and harder. With my head behind Bonnie's bouncing flesh, her sister could not recognize me at all. She just stared with her jaw dropped wide open as I pounded her older sister into a violent orgasm right in front of the camera. When I was ready, I pulled my cock out with one last bounce and jerked it until it shot my cum all over Bonnie's wrecked flesh. I came so hard that I actually shot onto her face. With Bonnie limp on my body, I turned off the computer.

After a brief rest and I had untied her, Bonnie started half seriously hitting me and asked why I had to be so bad. She kept repeating to herself, "Oh how the fuck am I going to explain this to her..." 

It was already very late, so we just went to sleep and she called her in the morning. She later explained to me that her sister had never been exposed to any kinky stuff and she was very sheltered and innocent. While I was sure Bonnie told me this in hope I would back off, but her sister's innocence only enticed me even more.

Her sister wasn't sure what was going on in the video chat. Since she didn't even see my face, she even thought perhaps an intruder was raping her sister. I was surprised Bonnie went with the honest approach instead of making up some story. She explained to her that our little show was an intimate thing and that I was actually a very sweet guy in person. I took this chance and suggested she invite her sister over for a visit so she could get to know me and see we were just normal people. Bonnie hesitated before agreeing. I wasn't sure whether that was because she thought I wouldn't do anything with her sister here in person or she was hoping I would.

So Bonnie invited Kaitlyn over that very weekend for dinner. When Bonnie brought her into the kitchen to greet me while I was preparing dinner, I was in for a surprise. At the wedding everyone was dressed up, but this was the first time I saw her sister in everyday context. She wore a black tank top with a white jean miniskirt that was fashionably ripped at the bottom. Her hair was in a ponytail underneath a white baseball cap and she had white tennis shoes on. I was surprised because she dressed like a teenager rather than a grown adult. I mean, Bonnie dressed up for this dinner event in a cocktail dress and I had dress pants with a buttoned shirt.

During dinner we chatted about normal things, shared life stories, and had a few laughs. More and more I began to see what Bonnie was talking about. Kaitlyn was quiet most of the night but you could tell she has a princess attitude. She was a little bitchy, snobby, and pretty much was like an entitled spoiled teenager. I figured she was probably spoiled by many dickless guys. Though Bonnie told me Kaitlyn was not a virgin, I was pretty sure she had never been truly fucked until passed out covered head to toe in spit, sweat, and cum.

After dinner, the ladies went to the living room to have some wine while I was washing the dishes as the good husband. While still washing, her sister came into the kitchen to get a wine opener. She took the opportunity and asked outright, "So... you are him, right? The guy on Skype?" 

Startled, I croaked, "Yes." 

She commented how different I was at dinner than the guy on Skype. I briefly explained to her that many people are different in bed than in real life, using her own sister Bonnie as an example. However, she didn't know what I was talking about and asked, "How is Bonnie different?" I simply gave her a wink and a smirk.

We spent the evening talking and listening to classical music in the living room over a bottle of red wine. Like at dinner, the talks were normal. Bonnie would not allow me to steer the direction anywhere near sexual topics. It was a long drive for her sister and because we were drinking wine, Bonnie didn't feel safe for her to drive home. We had the guest room prepared for her to stay the night. 

Again, it seemed rather odd if Bonnie wanted to protect her sister's innocence that she would ask her to spend the night. I couldn't tell whether she just genuinely trusted me that much not to touch her sister or she actually wanted something to happen. Perhaps it was subconscious, I could not tell. As the evening progressed, the more I wanted to tear down Kaitlyn's bitchy princess attitude and train her into an out of control horny bitch. When it was late, she excused herself to the guest room for the night after a shower and Bonnie and I retired to our fuck nest.

As we walked into our bedroom, Bonnie only turned on the lamp next to the dresser so the room was dark and sensual. She was undoing her earrings while looking into the mirror as I approached. I closed the door but left a 2 inch gap before cuddling up behind her with my arms around her waist. She smiled and chuckled as I nibbled on her earlobes and started groping her tits. Then I whispered, "I'm going to fuck you like a savage whore..."

She chuckled and held on to my groping hands, "Geesh... you're like a dog begging for a bone! But not tonight babe... Kaitlyn is here, I'm not comfortable..."

I ignored her request and replied, "You ever wonder how she would feel if she knows what a depraved whore you are?"

With that I grabbed her throat firmly. My sudden forcefulness had her feeling immediately vulnerable and aroused. A soft whisper escaped her lips, "Oh my god..." 

Despite being aroused, she still resisted, knowing her sister was cross the hall in the guest room. She pleaded with me softly as I choked her with one hand and squeezed her tender tits with the other. However, I was determined to have my way with her and the more forceful I was, the wetter she became as her body started to grind against mine. Without much effort, I managed to strip her little black dress right off and she was left wearing nothing but a pair of black thongs with her black satin stalking on high heels. 

Though it was dark with only a little light, I could visibly see Kaitlyn's big baby eyes peeping through the crack of the door I left for her. Immediately, I threw Bonnie onto the bed face down. She whimpered like a small puppy as I roughly tied her wrists behind her back with my necktie. Then grabbing her ass cheeks apart, I drove my tongue into her dripping cunt. She moaned softly as I licked and sucked. All the wine we had today made her much more sensitive and it didn't take much for her to start grinding her body against the bed to my feasting. I lifted my juice covered face up and asked her, "Are ready to be a whore?"

Of course she defiantly replied, "No!"

I was in a hurry to get the show started for her sister and didn't have the patience for too much of this foreplay, so I jammed 2 fingers into her soaking pussy and then took one big lick on her anus. She jolted in surprise and moaned, "Oh... Wtf are you doing!?"

I licked her anal ring in circular motions while she purred like a kitten before thrusting my tongue hard into her anus while fingering her cunt. She thrashed around violently on the bed, moaning uncontrollably as I double penetrated her with my tongue and fingers. Finally, I stopped to admire her body still involuntarily writhing on the bed like a fish out of water.

She was now puddy in my hands like a compliant slave bitch. I grabbed her hair and forced her on her knees while I blindfolded her. Now that Bonnie couldn't see, I quietly waved at Kaitlyn to come in for a better look. She was nervous and even a little scared as she slowly came in without a sound. She was wearing a black satin nightie and looked very fuckable herself. She knelt down right across from Bonnie with her hands still covering her mouth. I bet she had never imagined ever seeing her older sister kneeling on the floor in thongs and stalking, blindfolded, and with her hands tied behind her back.

I went over to Bonnie's panties drawer and took out a dog collar with Bonnie's name on it. After showing it to Kaitlyn, I secured it around Bonnie's neck. She sensually gasped as she felt it secured on her. Then standing over her, I grabbed her hair into a ponytail while staring at her sister's face and asked Bonnie, "What are you?"

Bonnie gasped at the forceful pull of her hair and whimpered, "I'm your slut, sir." 

With that, I knelt down next to her and while still holding her hair with one hand, I slipped my other hand into her thong and rapidly finger fucked her. The sudden brutal attack on her cunt had her gasping for air and moaning loudly until finally she came squirting all over my hand. Immediately, I shoved my fingers drenched with her juice into her mouth. Like a hungry dog, she licked them clean without hesitation as her sister watched both in horror and delight.

I slapped Bonnie's tits and she yelped. Yanking her head back, I scolded her, "Bad little bitch! Who gave you permission to cum?" 

Then I slapped her tits again, and again, and again. At this point I could see a trail of drool coming out of Kaitlyn's lips as she watched Bonnie's discipline. She was so aroused she could not contain herself anymore and was involuntarily squeezing her own tits and rubbing her cunt. 

Next, I started playing with my wife's firm tits while she squealed like a pig. With a pair of nipple clamps, I snapped them on each of her sensitive hard nipples. Her face grimaced as the clamps were snapped on and her breathing increased, adjusting to the pain. Meanwhile, I pulled her thong aside and inserted a large vibrator into her cunt. Her innocent little baby sister had never seen something like this before and all she could do was repeatedly mouthing silently, "oh my god... omg..." 

With the vibrator buzzing on high, I thrust it in and out of Bonnie's wet soaking cunt while she helplessly moaned and whimpered. Eventually she was so horny, I just left the vibrator on the floor and let her fuck it on her knees by herself while screaming, "ug... ug... ug... fuck... omg..."

Delighted I teased her, "I wonder if your sister can hear you in the other room?"

Immediately Bonnie clamped her mouth shut to muffle her moans but still unable to stop fucking the vibrator on her knees. I slapped her face and asked her, "What kind of a slut are you?"

Eagerly she replied as she kept fucking, "I'm a cock slut... I'm your cock slut..." 

While her sister was frozen in place staring at her with her hands covering her mouth, I slapped Bonnie again and taunted her, "Cock slut loves what?"

Without hesitation, Bonnie shouted back, "Cocks, sir... I love cocks!"
