 The road to sexual depravity began when Kimberly Zhang pursued her dream of opening her own real estate brokerage firm. It would be difficult, yes, but she was an inventive and extremely ambitious woman.

The business plan was fairly straight-forward, and if it worked, she'd be a new leader in the world of real estate and a darling in the social scene.

1. It started with renting a fully-furnished vacation home by a private beach. The place had a dock for water sports, an outdoor pool, and everything needed for a perfect summer getaway for a group of people.

2. An intimate dinner party would be held at the beach home, with the express purpose of highlighting her abilities as a realtor. If there was one thing Kimberly knew (besides real estate) it was how to throw a great party. 

She enlisted the help of her socialite sister to send out exclusive invitations. Her sister had spent years rubbing shoulders with the financial elites at luxury parties after marrying upwards. Kimberly wasn't shy about exploiting those contacts, and they weren't shy about driving out to the coast to listen to her big proposal.

3. Finally, once the sun came down, she'd serve some of her favorite authentic Chinese recipes that she learned from her mother; potstickers, fried crab with chilies and garlic, and steamed fish with soy sauce, served with flavored rice. She had hired a small team to help prepare and serve the dishes. 

For her own presentation, she had to look the part of a respectable woman. She had chosen a form-fitting strapless black dress which showed off her graceful figure. And unashamedly, she wore her most flattering push up bra to make the most of her small assets. 

4. At each seat there was a brochure with the heading:

Kimberly Zhang Realty: My Specialty, Your Needs 

Her ideas, vision for this area, and business model were all included in a beautiful packet. 

It was a simple enough plan.

The sun was still high when all the guests had arrived. It had the feel of a private affair as the small group of about 15 guests mingled on the beach. They all had their shoes off and went barefoot, taking in the ocean view.

Kimberly was ever the gracious host with her well-rehearsed smile and tender handshake. She personally served drinks, and when there was a need for refills, she took it upon herself to bring a little tray back to the house to get more.

"You're quite capable of throwing a party," a man said from behind.

At the bar area, she turned to see Mr. Richards, whom she had just met an hour ago. Through observation, Kimberly had figured out that this middle-aged guy was the one they all respected the most. He was also one of the most famous realtors in the state. If there was anyone Kimberly really needed to impress, it was him.

"I love being a hostess," she said, giving her best smile. "I love entertaining. What can I say? I'm a people person. Drink?"

"Sure, I'll have another."

Kimberly refilled the cups and she poured a new one for the guest, who accepted it.

"Are you enjoying yourself?" she asked.

Mr. Richards took a sip. "I am. I'm truly surprised we've never met before. A woman like yourself with your personality, I feel as though we should have been in the same circle a long time ago."

"I'm originally from California. I only moved here recently." 

"Then I hope to see you more often."

Kimberly could feel herself being admired and appreciated by this respectable man. Socially, it was all going well. Business-wise, she still had much work to do and she hoped her upcoming pitch would be as successful.

"If you think I'm great at throwing a party," she said, "Just wait until you see what I have planned during dinner."

"Yes, we're all very excited to see what you have to say. So far, it looks fascinating. This place is a little slice of heaven. It's new territory to be conquered."

She nodded. "Oh absolutely. This community is the best kept secret in the state, in my opinion."

"How did you find it?"

"My father used to take us here on vacations," Kimberly explained. "I've always had fond memories of this place. Then I heard that the owner of the local brokerage firm was retiring, so I figured it was time for me to start fresh. I moved out here where the market is wide open."

"A lovely story," Mr. Richards said with a naughty grin. "Now you want to expand. Smart woman. I like your style."

She matched with a grin of her own. "You haven't heard what I'm offering yet."

"No, but I did a little research and I've heard you're capable. I'd be interested in perhaps renting or buying a place here as a summer home. If you need capital, then I may be interested in that too."

Kimberly was thrilled with the news that she had already gotten the leader of the pack on board. Being a professional, she kept her joy at bay. The last thing she wanted was to look like an amateur.

"Having you as my first client would be great," she joked.

He laughed. "It would be my honor. In case you haven't noticed, we're a tight group. I think you'd fit right in with us. We'd have to welcome you to our circle the right kind of way. Friendship and loyalty are very important to us."

There was a hint of innuendo in the man's voice, but Kimberly figured it was an awkward way of being polite. 

"That really means a lot to me," she smiled in earnest. "You've all been very sweet."

"How can it be any other way? Look where we are? The sun, the ocean, the beach. It's magic here. And I can see it's done wonders for your tan."

"Is it obvious?" she replied batting her eyelashes.

Kimberly loved her tan. Back in San Francisco, she barely had a chance or a place to work on it. But since moving here two weeks ago, she was truly able to give herself a new look for the summer and reinvent herself.

The first week she had tanned with her bikini on. In the second week, in her backyard, she finally had the confidence to go topless. A slight bikini tan line remained on her shoulders. The rest of her tan lines were covered by the front of her form-fitting dress.

"Like I said..." his voice trailed off. "We need to welcome you to our group, the right kind of way. But that's for later. Shall we return to the small gathering? I know a few people are waiting for their drinks."

She extended her arm for the man. "Let's go."

With interlocked arms, they rejoined the little party.

***

Upon seating that evening, the guests took the brochures and gave them a good examination. Wine flowed with the conversation and everyone was eager to dive into the business proposals as well as the food. Her mother would be proud that these recipes were put to good use.

Sitting at the head of the table, Kimberly had let her luscious black hair down, letting it flow freely whenever there was a breeze. She had done several touch ups to her appearance before sitting down and her makeup was on point. She looked more like a celebrity than a realtor, which was something she hoped would work to her advantage.

While they ate, Kimberly explained her plan of creating an easier path for clients to access homes in this area, as well as creating a gateway for investors to revitalize outdated parts of certain areas. All while maintaining the charm and natural beauty of the region. Mother nature is the true star, she explained.

"Sounds like a worthwhile investment," a man said, peering through his glasses at the brochure.

A woman noted before eating a potsticker, "I can see myself coming back here every summer. It can be a group thing for us and our friends and families."

The others agreed, savoring their food while keeping an open mind with the conversation and business proposals.

"That's the plan," Kimberly said, speaking from the head of the table. "I truly believe that we can all benefit from this."

Mr. Richards chimed in, "I'm leaning heavily in favor of doing business here, both as an investor and as a client. This looks good."

When he spoke, everyone listened. The group consensus seemed to sway immediately and there were nods and positive affirmation. Kimberly was thrilled and took another sip of wine. Wine always took Kimberly's guard down a little and also made her incredibly horny.

"I'm glad you feel that way," Kimberly said in a composed manner. "I know we can move forward once we get to know each other a little better."

"Which is the point I wanted to make next."

"Oh?"

Mr. Richard gave a dramatic pause, staring deeply at her. "You are a terrific hostess and this food is excellent. Your hospitality and humor are top class. But that doesn't translate to business. Not always."

For the first time that day, there was a direct challenge to Kimberly. She had expected this. Anyone in business should, especially when asking for the amount of money she was asking. And she knew these people were sharks when it came to real estate. That's why they were the best.

"Do you have questions about my acumen?" she asked.

"I'm only pointing out the obvious. Being a skilled real estate agent and running a firm are two different things completely."

Kimberly sipped her wine and gathered her thoughts. "I'm very experienced and I've learned from the best. My reputation speaks for itself, which you've researched earlier. My business proposal has also been evaluated by local businessmen and city leaders. As you can see on page 3 of the brochure, I provide quotes of their approval."

"We'll get to that," Mr. Richards said with a nod. "For starters, how about we get to know more about you? Transparency is crucial among business partners. I'm sure you know that."

The vagueness had caught Kimberly off guard. It seemed like everyone at the table knew a secret, except for her. They all looked at her with a hint of excitement as if they were expecting something.

"I'd be happy to provide financial records," she said.

"We'll get there, later. For now, I think we'd all like to see something more transparent from you."

"What would you like to see?"

"How about your tan lines?" Mr. Richards said smoothly and bluntly.

All eyes focused on Kimberly, waiting for the next move. No one seemed shocked by the question. No one was surprised. It was true, she thought. These people lived by different rules of engagement. They lived in a world where social norms didn't always apply.

They were people who could have anything they wanted.

And right now, the boss wanted to see her skin.

Taking another sip of wine, Kimberly kept her focus ahead towards the group. Then she tucked one finger on each side of the front of her strapless dress and gave a gentle tug downward. Eyes focused on her chest. Her dress moved down. So did her strapless push up bra. 

Her tan lines were shown. The center of her chest almost looked like white triangles from the color contrast. Did this man have a fetish for a woman's tan lines? She wondered. She knew that many men did. The women at the table didn't seem to mind that this was happening. In fact, the other women in the group were just as interested in seeing this as the men.

"Is this good enough?" she asked, moving her hands aside.

"That's all you're willing to show your new friends?" he asked with a curious eyebrow raised. "Bashful already?"

Kimberly nearly choked. "You want to see more?"

Nothing had prepared her for how nonchalant the group was. It was like they were expecting this, like this was part of the night's entertainment and they had planned everything out.

She had heard about their extravagant tastes. But it seemed as though she had underestimated them.

"Tan lines are always a treat," Mr. Richards said. "Perhaps we can have Becky give us a demonstration? She spent last week on vacation. She's very unassuming. As sophisticated and proper as she looks, she's always extremely loyal to me."

Standing up, Becky blushed before the group. Becky was the boss's person in charge of insurance after deals were made. Her gorgeous figure was curvaceous and her long dark hair was parted in the center. Her radiant smile was shy, yet brave. 

All the attention shifted towards the insurance agent, who casually unbuttoned her pants and pulled everything down. Her hips were wide and shapely. It was the kind of body that was built for sex and a hard fucking.

Becky was still blushing as her cleanly shaven crotch was exposed. She had tan lines on her hips, the shape of a triangle, and Mr. Richards rubbed his fingers along them.

"Exciting, isn't it?" Mr. Richards asked the group. "Becky here is my star. She does everything I ask. And she is confident in her appearance. I always love seeing her back in the office whenever she travels, because Becky is an outdoors woman and always sports the most beautiful tan lines. It's always something new, depending on what she wears."

Becky remained standing, blushing, and with her hands down and pussy exposed to the group. This was all so very normal to this group of successful people in the real estate business.

"You really know what you like," Kimberly stated with a gulp.

"That's right. This is what I mean when I talk about transparency. It brings us all closer. We trust each other. Does that make sense?"

"It does."

"Would you like to see how far we take things?" Mr. Richards asked, which sounded more like a statement rather than a question.

Kimberly was dumbstruck as everyone at the table seemed to have an appetite for more than just food. The insurance agent remained standing with her pussy bare and this business proposal was headed in a totally different direction than what Kimberly could have ever expected.

Or maybe this was headed in the right direction? She was always told that if she wanted to climb the ladder she'd have to play the game. This was the game, apparently.

"I'm interested," she said, accepting the challenge.

"Aisha, will you give Becky some relief?" Mr. Richards asked. "She seems as though she could use it."

A black woman approached Becky and got on her knees. Both women were timid, yet excited. They had done this before, but it was still a nerve-wracking experience.

Becky closed her eyes and gasped when her pussy was being eaten. She put her hand on the table to keep from falling over. She simply enjoyed. It seemed like an exhibitionist thing, in addition to the taboo of lesbian sex. Becky seemed like the kind of woman who was shy and proper all the time, and this was her way of letting loose. To explore her true fantasies.

The insurance agent breathed deeply as this was happening. All eyes at the table were watching this. A beachside lesbian encounter over dinner. What could be more perfect than that?

"I'm cumming," Becky said in a sweet voice.

Mr. Richards nodded an approval. "Good. You make the best face when you orgasm."

Becky squirmed badly and gently bit her lower lip. Aisha was doing a number on her pussy. Small whimpering noises left Becky's mouth and her lips and fingers trembled. 

Then she relaxed.

"There," Mr. Richards smiled. "Now can we see a bit more of your tan lines, Ms. Zhang?" 

The two women blushingly returned to their seats; Aisha wiped the wet fluids from her mouth with a napkin, Becky buttoned up her pants.

The wine's effect had taken hold of Kimberly. Her pussy was wet and her panties were stained. Never in her wildest dreams would she have imagined seeing something like that at one of her dinner parties.

Kimberly tucked her thumbs on the front of her black dress, digging in beneath her push up bra, and gave it a tug downwards. She kept her eyes forward but she could feel the summer breeze against her small, dark nipples. 

All eyes had now shifted to her flat chest. Unlike the lesbian encounter that occurred a moment ago, this was something entirely new to the group. Based on the look on people's faces, they enjoyed seeing her tits out. She did have a nice pair, after all.

"You're very beautiful," Mr. Richards smiled.

"Thank you."

"Now let's finish eating. Your food is delicious."

Her pussy felt like it was pulsing and she pulled her dress up, hiding her tits away once again.

***

Kimberly was in the kitchen with the small staff she had hired, guiding the cleanup duties and overseeing the desserts being put together. She was serving parfaits and egg custard tarts.

The dinner party was an ongoing success and she was certain that not only had she made new friends and joined their social group, but she had also formed new business relationships. The kind that could establish her as a leader someday.

The party itself had shifted to the patio which oversaw the ocean and moonlight. There were lounge chairs, bright lights, and a hot tub and pool, in case anyone wanted to sit with their feet in warm water to relax.

Her attention was focused on the fresh desserts being made, when a familiar face came over for a private chat.

"I'm sorry about that," Becky said, looking like her wholesome self once again. "I hope that didn't offend you."

Kimberly awkwardly smiled. "Not at all. We're all adults here. It was... umm... not something I've ever seen at a dinner party before."

They both laughed.

"I know, you looked pretty mortified," Becky noted.

"Weren't you? I mean, wow. That was brave. Aisha must have been good with her tongue to get you relief so quickly."

"Aisha is fantastic. I'm sure you'll have the pleasure sometime soon."

Kimberly tensed, hard. "That's... umm... not my thing."

"Which? A woman taking care of you? Or having fun in a group?"

"I've never done either."

"That's sort of what I wanted to talk to you about," Becky said, switching to a more formal tone. "I've been working with these people for a long time. I can tell they're interested in putting a lot of money into this place. All the signs are there. But as you've noticed, they work hard and play hard. They want to make sure this environment is friendly to what they're looking for."

Kimberly was savvy enough to know where this conversation was headed. The look on the insurance woman's face was enough of a precursor. Could things go even further? Kimberly wondered where her limits were. 

"What did they have in mind?" she asked.

"Think of them as home appraisers. They're thinking, maybe the pool needs a good check. They want to know if this is the right environment to invest in."

The idea seemed outrageous, but they had already come this far. And with the wine still flowing in her blood, Kimberly was aroused by the idea of watching and observing whatever they had planned.

"And what do you think about all this?" Kimberly asked tenderly.

Becky gave a brief pause. "I think I'm the luckiest woman in the world."

"Why?"

"Because I get to do a job I love, with people who are my dear friends, and I get to live out my fantasy."

Kimberly felt a pulsing feeling between her legs. This was surely getting out of hand, but she knew this was only the start.

"What's your fantasy?" she asked.

"To be used by a group. To have people loving on me at the same time. Maybe someone taking me from behind while there's a cock in my mouth."

Kimberly gulped. "Is that what's going to happen in the patio?"

"I don't know. Do you want us to stop?"

The insurance agent genuinely seemed willing to stop, but Kimberly knew that it could bring the night to an abrupt halt. And if she were truly honest with herself, she wanted to see where this would end. She wanted to know what these people considered to be a good time.

"Feel free to do whatever you need," Kimberly said with her well-rehearsed, perfect smile. "I mean it. I want you to feel comfortable. I want everyone here to have a great experience."

Becky smiled back. "Come out with us when you're ready. They love desserts. So do I."

The insurance agent seemed bashful by this before leaving towards the patio.
