 Note: this is a story about a wife who becomes infatuated with a black lodger and allows herself to be seduced by him. Her husband finds himself too excited by the seduction to stop the seduction and resulting fallout. If this subject is not your thing, then please pass the story by and look elsewhere.

-----------------------------

It was totally by chance that we agreed to provide six months accommodation for Matunda, a young black man from western Africa. A friend in our church group had mentioned that they were trying to offer young African men an opportunity to experience 'western culture' between their schooling and higher education. Antonia, my wife was enthused by the idea that we could do something to help as she put it 'disadvantaged' young adults from other parts of the world.

And so it was two months later on a spring morning, that we waited at the airport to greet our new house guest. I must admit that as we waited I did have mixed feelings. We had been married six years and had grown used to our own space in the house. Also we had just started to talk about having kids, (at 29 years old neither of us was getting any younger), and I knew the presence of a stranger in the house might inhibit our love making.

None of this appeared to have bothered my wife however and as I gazed at her 5ft 6inch frame, with lovely flowing brunette hair, I realised how beautiful she looked that morning dressed in a floral cotton dress with bare legs and strappy sandals that showed her sexy feet to best effect. She didn't seem to have a care I the world as she embarked on the next phase of our married life, one that would see us looking after a stranger from another culture.

My musings were interrupted by Antonia's voice. "David, I think this is him." I looked up and saw this tall lean black man approaching the sign that my wife was holding aloft. 

When he reached us he beamed and said "you must be Mr and Mrs Richardson? I am Matunda and I am very pleased to meet you." As he said this I noticed that his eyes never left Antonia and I could see him drinking in her beauty. I couldn't really blame him however, since my wife often had that effect on other men. I noticed that Matunda was that very dark black colour that some but not all African men have.

"We are pleased to meet you Matunda" replied my wife, "this is my husband David and I am Antonia and you are very welcome."

"Thank you Antonia, I am very pleased and honoured to have this opportunity and I am looking forward to learning as much as I can from you." As he said this I again noticed Matunda drinking in my wife's beauty and I also noticed that he hadn't let go or her hand as he spoke.

"OK, David help with the bags and we can get moving." Wrestling with the various cases that were arrayed before us I grabbed a baggage cart and then turned to see my wife leading Matunda off toward the parking area. Hmm I thought that didn't take long for her to get friendly with a complete stranger!

A couple of hours later saw us home and Antonia fussed around our new lodger, showing him the house, his bedroom and then checking he had everything. By then the sun was out and it was warm enough for us to be outside and around our pool. We grabbed a coffee and headed out relaxing in the heat of the early summer sun. Antonia said "well he seems like a nice young man, well-spoken and quite knowledgeable, what do you think David?" 

"And handsome as well, you left that off your list of his attributes!" 

"What, I er, well yes I suppose he is handsome, I didn't know what to expect as I haven't met any African men before."

We sat chatting for a while and then realised that Matunda hadn't reappeared since being shown to his room. "I hope he is alright" Antonia said, "perhaps I should go and see if he needs anything." Before I had a chance to reply, she had darted into the house. I settled back to reading and a few minutes my wife reappeared looking slightly flushed. 

"What's up" I enquired. 

"Well, he, I er mean Matunda, was er, well he wasn't sure what to wear when he came out to join us. Seems that in Africa, where he comes from, they don't wear very much outside in the heat, and well I didn't know what to say!"

"What happened then" I asked.

"Well he was standing nearly naked with his clothes all around him, looking confused. In the end I told him that a pair of swim trunks would be appropriate. Anyway I think that put his mind at rest."

In my mind I could just imagine him striding round the plains of Africa in a loin cloth with the sun beating down on his black body. I imagined he was probably quite athletic. My musings were interrupted by the sight of Matunda walking out onto the deck dressed in a pair of brightly coloured swim trunks. One thing was sure he was well built, about six four, about 220pounds and a ripped body. He had muscles on muscles and not an ounce of fat to be seen. He looked slightly awkward as he approached us and as I looked sideways at my wife I could tell she was very impressed by our guest's physique. Her mouth was gaping as she looked him up and down and then perhaps realising that she had been staring a shade too long, patted the seat next to hers and invited him to sit. 

Matunda sat down and we made small talk for an hour or so, learning all about him and his family. It turned out he was the son of his tribe's leader and was essentially nobility in his part of his country. He had several sisters but was an only son and as such his parents had leapt at the opportunity for him to come to the west and become educated. This gap year was to help him learn more about western customs. He was certainly charming and every time he smiled I noticed the contrast between his gleaming white teeth and his coal black skin.

My wife suddenly noticed that it was lunch time and went in to fix some food. I continued to chat to Matunda and learnt that he didn't have a girlfriend back home and he pretty much intimated that he had never been with a woman which I was surprised about. Our chat was interrupted by Antonia calling us to come over to the table for lunch and when I turned to respond I noticed that she had changed into a bikini and one of her more daring ones as well. It was essentially a thong bikini that she only normally wore when we were alone around the pool. She had said before that she felt naked when wearing it in front of strangers and yet here she was wearing it with a man we had only just met! Was she deliberately displaying her charms for Matunda I wondered?

Her semi naked form was not lost on our guest. Once he had looked at my wife he couldn't take his eyes from her. As we ate lunch he kept staring at her and when I discretely looked I could see that he had a large lump in his swim shorts that he was trying to cover with his arms! Well well I thought, my wife is turning him on. I couldn't blame him however, as she does have the most fantastic body and for a young man with raging hormones I could only imagine what he was thinking. I made a mental note however to tell Antonia not to wear such provocative swim wear in future, unless she wanted out guest to get the wrong idea!

Following an enjoyable lunch and more small talk, during which Antonia was also amazed to learn that Matunda didn't have a girlfriend, he asked if he could use the pool. We told him of course and he wasted no time in jumping in and swimming up and down. I noticed that my wife followed his every movement and was suitably impressed by his athletic prowess. "Aren't you coming in?" asked Matunda. I wasn't sure who he was asking, but I noticed my wife rise from her lounger and walk to the pool edge.

Matunda stopped swimming and held on to the edge as he gazed up at the long legs of my wife and I could see his eyes looking further up to where her minute bikini barely covered her sex. Grabbing the rail to the pool steps, Antonia slowly descended into the pool and all the while Matunda unashamedly kept his eyes fixed on her lithe body. Once in the pool my wife kicked off from the side and slowly swam around using her graceful butterfly stroked compared to Matunda's more athletic crawl.

As I sat on my lounger, I tried to pretend that I wasn't really watching the pair of them, but in reality I witnessed every gaze and glimpse as they splashed around the pool. Eventually Antonia decided she had had enough and climbed out. Matunda again kept his eyes fixed on her legs and ass as she climbed out and I realised that her thong costume had disappeared up the cleft of her toned pert bum and that this stranger was getting a view of her naked ass!

Once my wife had settled into the lounger, Matunda climbed out and I watched in fascination as his wet swim trunks clung to an obscenely large bulge that he did nothing to disguise. Fortunately Antonia was lying face down and missed this spectacle. "I am going to my room for a rest now" said Matunda and so saying he headed off. Antonia half turned her head and realising that he had gone sat up.

"Well what do you think of him?" asked my wife.

"He seems a nice young man" I replied, "quite naïve in some ways but quite, um well quite well developed in others". My last comment was directed at his obvious great physique.

"Yes", replied Antonia, "I know what you mean. He is not very worldly wise, but he is certainly all man!"

"Did you know you were teasing him, wearing that thong bikini?" 

"What, I er no, I mean really, oh no do you think he got the wrong idea?" 

I thought a moment before replying; "no I don't think he got the wrong idea, but I could tell that as a read blooded male, he certainly approved of your feminine charms!"

"What do you mean?" replied Antonia. 

"Well, for one thing he couldn't keep his eyes off you and secondly when he climbed out of the pool he obviously had a massive hardon."

"Really?" replied my wife, "I wish I had seen that, I er what I mean is I wish I could have seen the proof that he was that turned on by me."

I'll bet I thought, you're just sorry you missed his hardon.

We talked some more and agreed that he seemed like a nice young man, and then realising that it was getting late we decided to tidy up round the pool and move inside. Later on Matunda reappeared still wearing a pair of shorts and a tee-shirt with bear feet. "What time is bedtime?" he asked us.

"Whenever you want" replied my wife, "if you are tired just go to bed." 

"Oh, ok, I think I will sit with you for a while and then go to bed" he replied.

Matunda waked into the room and looked at the available seating and for some reason elected to go and sit next to Antonia on a two seater settee. As he sat down he looked so big next to her 5ft 6inch frame. We were watching some tv and Matunda watched for a while. As luck would have it, a show came on in which a black man ended up kissing a white woman. Matunda looked on with fascination. "Is that normal here?" he asked, "I mean for black men to go with white women?" 

Before I could reply, my wife interjected, "oh yes very common, there are no colour barriers to love and sex you know." 

A loud "oh" was the only response that we got from Matunda.

A little later on he said he was tired and would go to bed. We explained what the arrangements for breakfast were and I said that I left the house at 7am and that Antonia left at 8am. We told him to help himself to food and that we would be home at around 6 to 7pm. Matunda listened and nodded and then thanked us for letting him come and stay. He then padded off to his bedroom.

After he had gone, I noticed that Antonia looked a little flushed and asked her if everything was alright. "What, oh yes, it just seemed strange having a large black man sitting next to me, that's all! And did you see the way he was gawping at the interracial couple on tv?"

"Well yes" I replied, "but we shouldn't be surprised, after all where he comes form, he won't have seen any white women, much less a black man kissing a white woman." 

"Hmm, I suppose so" replied my wife with somewhat dreamy eyes. "I'm going to bed" she suddenly said, "are you coming?"

"Er in a minute" I replied, "I just want to catch the end of this show, see you in a minute."

When I got up to the bedroom, my wife was lying provocatively across the bed. "I hope you are not too tired" she said, "I need some loving tonight." I quickly undressed and climbed into bed with Antonia and we were soon kissing. "Quick, grab a condom, I need you in me now" she whispered. I needed no second invitation and once I had my stiff cock safely covered, I slipped into her wet and welcoming pussy. She was like a tiger that night and I thought I knew why. Having a well-built black man in the house had obviously fired her up.

Over the next few weeks, we all settled into a routine. My wife and I went to work and Matunda would go off to his studies. Summer was now full upon us and the days were long and hot. More weekends lazing around the pool were spent with our house guest continuing to visibly lust over my wife. At every opportunity he would sit next to her and pretend to innocently rub up against her. Then came the fateful night when we all got invited to a dinner dance. Antonia fussed about getting ready and dressed in a short black cocktail dress, with hold up stockings, thong panties and no bra. She finished the outfit off with her five inch black strappy sandals and she looked a million dollars.

Matunda clearly thought so as well. When he appeared in his borrowed tuxedo, his eyes nearly popped out of his head as he stared at Antonia. "You look beautiful" he said.

"Why thankyou Matunda" said Antonia and I could see her looking him up and down as his white tux showed his skin colour off to best effect.

The evening seemed to pass in a blur. I remember dancing with my wife, but I remember more vividly Matunda dancing with her as she showed him how to dance and hold a lady properly. I'm not sure how much of the dancing etiquette sunk in though. Whilst he was clearly good at dancing his roaming hands across Antonia's back and bum told me he clearly had other things on his mind. I also remember the looks the pair got as they danced. So many jealous wives and husbands. The wives pretending to tut at the spectacle whilst all along secretly wishing they could dance in the strong arms of a black man. And the husbands looking at me knowingly, thinking I was either mad or stupid, but nonetheless they drooled over my wife's body.

Eventually the night came to an end and we headed home, my wife slightly tipsy, unlike Matunda who hadn't touched a drop all night. I also was light headed and as we got into the house I just flopped into a chair. Matunda looked at my wife and said "could we dance some more, I enjoyed the lesson you gave me?" 

To my surprise there was no hesitation in Antonia's reply as she said "yes of course Matunda, I would love to dance some more. David put some music on please." I noticed that there was an edge to my wife's voice that I hadn't heard before, as if she was being driven to do something by a deep desire. I found some appropriate music and settled back to watch them dance.

Matunda wasted no time in taking my wife in his arms and then they moved slowly around the room in front of me, gyrating to the deliberately slow music I had put on. As I watched, he put one of his hands on the small of her back and gently pulled her toward him. In turn I noticed that Antonia had rested her head on his chest and had her eyes shut as they glided around I front of me. It was a very erotic site, my sexy slim wife held in the arms of an athletic black man. Completely unnoticed by me, my penis had grown hard and was pushing painfully against my clothing. I reached down to adjust myself and get more comfortable and as I did so I noticed Matunda looking at me with a knowing grin. It was obvious he was aware of what had caused my erection.

This seemed to be the trigger for him to move things along. He slowly put his hands on Antonia's head and lifted her chin until she was staring up into his eyes. Then ever so slowly he lowered his head and kissed her! Although I was a bit taken aback, I guess it was natural and I wasn't surprised when my wife returned his kiss. It soon became a hard open mouthed tongues entwining kiss however, which left me breathless as I saw the level of their desire and passion. My trance at the spectacle of my wife being kissed by another man was broken as Matunda said, "David, we are going upstairs now, ok?"

It took me few moments to understand what he was saying and intimating. And then it hit me. This man was telling me that he was going to take my wife to a bedroom and make love to her! For some reason I still don't understand, I found myself nodding and watched spellbound as he look her by the hand and walked to the door. My wife turned her head and looked at me with a scared and yet expectant eyes as if to say "is this ok, are you alright with what is happening?" All I could do was stare and smile as she slipped from view.

After standing there for what seemed an eternity, I gathered my senses and set off upstairs. I was surprised to see that they weren't in one of the spare bedrooms. They were in fact in our bedroom. As I crept to the door, the sight that greeted me is burned into my brain. Matunda had removed Antonia's dress and he was kissing her. She had her back to me and was dressed in only her thong panties, hold up nylons and her heels. His big black hands were on her back and on her pert bum.

He then spun her round and I noticed that her eyes were shut. Whilst behind her, Matunda quickly dropped his slacks and pulled his shirt off, leaving him almost naked. He then pushed his boxers down and I caught the briefest glimpse of his big turgid cock as he stepped in behind my wife. He then brought his hands up and cupped Antonia's breasts. As he did this my wife tipped her head back onto his chest and a big smile spread across her face. Antonia suddenly opened her eyes as if she sensed my presence and looked me in the eyes. She again smiled and almost seemed to be telling me she was in heaven.

As I watched Matunda caress and hold my wife possessively, I could imagine his big cock pressed up against my wife's back. It was not until he turned again and pushed her down to her knees that I first saw his erect cock in all its magnificence. It was huge! A big nine or ten inch black club reared up from his groin and my darling wife knelt there in awe of his mighty appendage. She looked shocked by its sheer size. It certainly dwarfed my meagre six inches! "Suck it now" said Matunda, and this was the first words he had uttered since coming upstairs. Antonia took hold of his mighty cock and tentatively started to lick his big mushroom shaped head. I heard the gasp of pleasure from Matunda as Antonia set about licking and sucking him.

After a couple minutes, Matunda pulled my wife's head away and said "enough, I need to get you ready". I wondered what he meant as he pulled my wife over to the bed and laid her down. As Antonia laid back I could see the dampness between her legs and the beads of moisture like dew on her pretty trimmed bush. Matunda climbed onto the bed and lowered his head to her sex and without warning started to lick and nibble at her weeping gash. Antonia cried out in surprise and grasped his head as he went to work on her. The room was filled with 'oohs' and 'ahs' and sighs as Matunda pleasured my wife in a way I had never been allowed, having been told it was too dirty. That rule didn't seem to apply to her black lover however!

As Matunda continued his oral assault, Antonia thrashed around amid a chorus of sighs and shrieks until the inevitable happened as he brought her to a shuddering and powerful climax. I had never seen my wife climax like this before and had never elicited the sobs of joy and release that vented from her mouth as Matunda's tongue did wonderful things to her sex.
