 “Why?” That’s all Sarah could ask herself as she sat in front of Shane’s crappy house. It looked as badly damaged as Shane did. Most likely from poor upkeep. It was out of sight from nosy neighbors at least. But Sarah wanted to go home. 

It had been a week since Shane had gotten a blow job from Sarah and fingered her. Since then he hadn’t gotten her to do anything with him. 

“You haven’t said if you’re going to make me do anything tonight.” Sarah had said, talking to him in private, the day after the blow job. 

“Oh sweetheart take the night off. I’ll get you when I need you.” He had said with his cocky smile and yellow crooked teeth. 

Sarah at first was relieved that he didn’t keep getting her to get him off. But every night she had needed to finger herself crazy and his cock kept popping in her head. At work she would at times casually glance at his crotch. She didn’t want to be thinking about him, but she couldn’t help it. She was becoming restless thinking of that huge appendage penetrating her tight pussy. 

Shane had also noticed her glances and restless behavior. He had wanted to keep her away a few days, let her get really needy and beg for it. From his view it looked to be working. 

Sarah had been walking around the store all day horny as ever. She had worn tight jeans to show off her ass, and a tight top to show off her massive tits. “He has to want me now.” She had thought getting dressed that morning. 

Shane couldn’t pass this pussy up any longer. “Hey, if you want to get that horny problem fixed come on over tonight.” 

“Pervert. Aren’t you getting tired of blackmailing a young girl into getting you off?”

“Hell baby don’t act like you don’t want it.” He then pressed his bulge against her ass. 

Sarah immediately began getting wet.

“Fine. After work. Now leave me alone asshole.”

He had smiled cockily and walked off. 

Sarah had made sure no one was looking before she got out and walked to the house. She was wearing short shorts that ran up to her upper thigh and a tube top. 

Shane opened the door. The house was small, two rooms, one bedroom and the living room. There was an outhouse out back. “Hey baby.” He stood there dressed in some dirty white t-shirt and dirty underwear, that were no longer that white and were barely containing his bulge. “Mmm you look great baby.”

Sarah wanted to leave. But her pussy was horny, and it made her walk inside. “Let’s just hurry and get this over with.” 

Shane laughed. “Don’t pretend you don’t want this baby.” He then pulled his underwear down and revealed his large, angry cock that was semi hard. 

Sarah licked her lips as she stood beside the smelly couch. 

“Well baby, let’s get started.” He placed each hand on her shoulders and gently instructed her to her knees. Sarah grabbed his cock and began pulling and licking it. There was no resistance anymore, she was far too horny to deny she wanted it anymore. Shane then turned them both around as he sat down on the couch, Sarah never puling her mouth of his cock. 

Shane loved the sight of this sexy busty 19 year old sucking his over sized cock. She didn’t look him in the eye. She couldn’t bear to do that. She just focused on his cock. 

Shane reached her top and pulled it down. Her beautiful tits popped out. Shane was in heaven. 

Sarah was diligently working his cock, getting about half of it in her mouth and tugging it, every few minutes switching and sucking his balls in turn. Her pussy was on fire now. It needed relief and soon. Shane was watching her struggle, he found it hilarious. 

“You need me to help you out baby?” 

She knew what he meant. 

She couldn’t.

She shouldn’t.

Next thing Sarah knew she was standing up and removing her short shorts. 

This is what Shane had been waiting for, a tight, busty 19 year old ready for his big cock. 

She hadn’t worn any panties, she had to admit it, she wanted it. Shane guided her to get on all fours on the couch resting her arms on the back. 

Shane had never seen anything so beautiful. Her pussy was so wet and tight, and her asshole looked like it had never been touched. He dove in face first to lick her pussy. 

“Ohhhh fuck!” Sarah had been eaten out in a long time. She felt herself cumming immediately smothering the nasty older guy in his face. Shane was loving it though. He kept assaulting her tightness with his tongue and fingers while his erection got bigger.

“Damn it!” Sarah came again, this old pervert knew how to eat pussy at least. 

Then he stopped. 

That’s when she felt something massive pushing at her pussy.

“Wait! We can’t.”

“Sure we can slut.”

“No. I shouldn’t have let you do that to me. I need to go home.” 

“Well, go.” Shane stood back and showed her the door. 

Sarah didn’t move. “Do you at least have a condom?”

“Sorry babe. A cock like this shouldn’t be encumbered by latex. You deserve to feel every inch of it.” Shane returned to his position behind her and proceeded to set up at her pussy entrance. 

Sarah braced herself on the back of the couch and waited.

“Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!” Sarah screamed as his cock head worked at her entranced trying to get in. “Fuck.” Nothing sexual she had ever done could prepare her for this. It was intense and she was losing it. 

“Damn you’re tight baby.” Shane was struggling to fit. His head kept getting pushed back. He kept his hands on her hips and continued to push. 

“Ahhhh fuck!” Sarah was going nuts, and he wasn’t even in yet.

“Here we go baby.” Shane said as his head finally popped into her pussy. He sat there, triumphant, her pussy felt so good gripping his cock head. 

Sarah felt stuffed. She had never felt a sensation like this before. 

Shane began his thrusts now. He had done this so often to sexy tight women and prostitutes. Let them get adjusted then they’ll do the rest. 

“Oh. My. God!” Sarah yelled as he worked the first couple inches into her tightness. 

She was cumming in waves, Shane could feel it all around his cock. He hadn’t felt pussy this great in years. And he was gonna make her his slut by the end of the night. 

Sarah was lost now. She couldn’t think of anything but the massive cock in her pussy. There wasn’t anything else important in the world except trying to get more of that old pervert cock into her pussy. She didn’t care if he was a pervert, or old enough to be her father, or even slept around. All she wanted was more cock.

Shane watched as she began meeting his thrusts and pushing back. He had worked about half his cock in and was holding still while she did the work. “Mmm that’s one nice asshole.” Shane thought as he placed his thumb on it. 

“Awwww! No asshole! Not there!”

Shane immediately pulled out. “Fine slut. Not now then, but I will get it soon.” He then returned to thrusting harder into her. 

“Fuck! I can feel his balls slapping me now.” She was cumming over and over. Moaning and screaming. The neighbor must be hearing her by now. 

“Fuck baby this pussy is too good. I am not gonna last long.”

Sarah had alarm bells go off. “Don’t cum in me! I’m not on the pill!”

Shane acted like she hadn’t said a word. 

“DO NOT CUM INS... FUCK AWWWW!!!!” Too late.

Shane began spraying her insides with massive amounts of cum. His first shot had hit her like a thousand orgasms at once. Every shot was giving her another one. And Shane just kept pumping with no stopping. He had managed to get all the way in and his balls were slapping her as they emptied in her. After an eternity her finally stopped.

He pulled out to a nice pop sound as Sarah lay, on the now wet, couch a sweaty mess that she was. 

“You asshole! I said don’t cum in me.” Sarah was completely beaten. Shane was also a sweaty mess as they had been at it for hours. He sat beside her and kissed and rubbed her ass cheeks. 

“Oh baby, as many women as I’ve fucked, pregnancy should be the last worry you have.”

“What?” That made Sarah turn around. 

“You know I fuck prostitutes too. I’m not sure if they’re all clean.”

“What have you done Sarah?” She couldn’t believe she had been so reckless. 

“This is the last time pervert!” Sarah slowly got up, cum running down her leg from her pussy. and got her clothes up.

“That’s what they all say baby, but we both know you’ll be back. They way your pussy liked it, probably tomorrow night.”

All Sarah could hear was Shane laughing as she left.

She couldn’t keep doing this. 

But she knew deep down he was right.

She would be back.

To be continued...