 It had been a really rough week for Sarah. The old pervert coworker Shane had been blackmailing her into giving him hand jobs after work every night this week. Her arms were so sore and she herself was more tired than normal. Shane's big cock was becoming harder and harder to get off with just hand jobs. 

Last night had been the worst, Sarah had worked for almost two hours to get him off. Eventually she removed her shirt and bra so he could fondle her massive tits and get off quicker. It had disgusted her every time she had to do something to get him off, but what disgusted her most was what came after. 

Sarah had gone home straight away every night and immediately rubbed her pussy, and then came with massive orgasms. She hated herself, he was a disgusting older man who was blackmailing her. And yet, his massive cock was too enticing for her. She had caught herself twice getting ready to rub herself while jerking him the last two times. She had to keep herself under control, if he knew she wanted his cock he would win. She needed to keep giving him just hand jobs, there was no telling what kind of STD's the pervert had. 

But her arms were so sore and tired. Maybe a blowjob wouldn't be so bad as long as that was where it ended. Sarah hadn't had much experience giving blowjobs and his cock might be too big for her small mouth. She had switched into a loose fitting white top that could quickly be removed to get to her tits. She also had switched into a short skirt and wore a thong. She even pulled her hair up into a ponytail. 

Sarah made her long stride to the backseat of Shane's truck and hopped in. 

"Hey baby girl."

"Pervert." Sarah hated him acting like they were a couple. 

Shane sat there his jeans, which were probably a few days worn, already pulled down to his ankles. His white underwear, unwashed and probably the same pair from the first night, trying to contain his massive cock. Sarah hated the fact that the sight of his monster made her wet. 

"I love the fact you got dressed up for me." 

"I did it to throw everyone off. I don't want them to know an old pervert like you is blackmailing me into doing these 'favors' for you. Hopefully they'll think I'm on a date with a respectable guy my age." She also hoped that it would get him off quicker if she showed off a little.

"Oh please, you don't need to hide baby. I know you're crazy for my special tool. I see it every time I cum." His arrogant smile was infuriating. 

"Let's just get this over with."

"Say please." 

Oh, he had to be kidding. The asshole also wanted to have her beg for it?

"Please mister, may I jerk your big cock?"

"Go right ahead... Slut."

Sarah was furious. But she swallowed her pride and reached for his underwear. She pulled the briefs down and freed his mammoth manhood. 

It jumped, sticking straight up. "He must be really horny tonight." Sarah hoped. The odor he was emitting was more fowl than usual and she hoped it would be over quickly. 

Shane had already grabbed onto her tit and was working on getting her top off. "Gotta get those babies some good lovin tonight baby."

Fuck this pervert really was horny tonight. Sarah got both hands on his cock and began stroking it and spitting on it. 

"Fuck she is too well dressed tonight. Looks like a real slut now. And her hands feel incredible but I'm at least getting some head tonight." Shane had been wanting some head badly since they had started. He knew it'd be awhile before she'd spread her legs for him, so he decided to work on getting her mouth around his cock, for now.

Sarah was jerking with relentless fervor tonight using both hands right off the bat. She enjoyed watching his heavy balls bounce up and down while she pulled on his large cock. He had cum almost a gallon, at least, in the week she had been jerking him. Never had she seen a guy cum that much that often before. It was very hard for her not to lick his cock clean after they were done every night, he had made it easier by being himself though. 

Thirty minutes had gone by and his cock was a towering masterpiece to Sarah. He looked nowhere close to be ready to cum yet though. His balls were still soft and not tightening at all and he was mauling her tits like never before with more fervor. 

"Are you close yet?"

"Not even baby. We've been doing this every night, the big guy is used to your beautiful hands."

"Well what should I do?"

This was it, Shane had waited for this desperate moment for days, and she was at the desperate situation she needed to be for it. 

"Guess you'll need to get creative baby."

Sarah looked down at the monster, then up at Shane's face. She hoped for remorse and maybe he would not make her do it. She should have known better. A big dick pervert like him cared about one thing, his big cock getting off. Everything else didn't matter to him. 

Sarah hovered over his cock on her knees while Shane laid back. She looked down on his cock and had to admit it looked magnificent. She slowly lowered her head, trying to get the smell out of her head, and opened her smaller mouth. 

Shane couldn't believe his luck. This busty teen was going to him a blowjob. He glanced back to her backside and saw her skirt riding up. He gently placed his hand on her back and stroked it. 

Pervert better not try it. Her pussy was on fire, but she couldn't allow him to touch it. She needed to hurry. 

Sarah leaned down plunged and placed her mouth around his cock head. It didn't taste as bad as she thought it would, the smell was still very unpleasant, but the taste wasn't as bad. She licked his head all over and began to take the shaft into her mouth.

"She's not half bad. My cock is way too big and she's still getting it to fit." Shane was impressed by her effort. But he knew she wouldn't get it all. Only a couple women, the hookers, knew could manage the whole thing. Shane moved his hand to her lower back and held it. Would she let him go all the way?

"Stop that, hands to yourself pervert!" She had to keep control. 

Shane did as told and returned to her tits . It was an awkward angle but they felt great. 

Sarah was still working as much cock as she could, while simultaneously using one hand to rub his balls. They were finally tightening. Sarah had only managed about half his cock and it was hitting her throat. "Fuck, how can any woman take all this?" Sarah thought, determined to take more. 

She continued her assault bending over with her round ass in the air. Shane was fixated on her ass. "So soft, round, perfect." Shane stopped assaulting her tits and grabbed her left cheek that was sticking out of her skirt now. 

"Hey! I said keep your hands to yourself." Sarah was pissed. 

"Bitch just focus on your job and get my cock off." Shane smacked her ass and watched it jiggle.

"That wasn't our deal pervert!"

"Listen slut. I know you're horny as fuck doing this, why not let me help you out and get myself off quicker?"

Sarah was angry, but she was too tired to fight back. "Just don't insert that nasty finger anywhere."

"Fine." Shane lied. 

Sarah resumed her cock sucking now bending down and taking his balls into her mouth. They smelled nasty, but she wanted this nightmare to be over. 

Shane meanwhile rubbed her ass all over pulling her skirt up to be able to get access to both cheeks. "A thong?" She was making this too easy. Shane went lower and rubbed her leg and felt wet. "Perfect." Shane then maneuvered his hand to her lower cheek and slow to her pussy.

This pervert won't give up. "Just let him touch it Sarah, you know you want to." Sarah wanted to stop him but her body was betraying her. 

"Mmmmhhhfff!" Sarah moaned, her mouth full of cock, as Shane inserted his index finger into her tight pussy.

"Fuck baby you're tight as fuck. And you're wet too. You naughty slut."

Sarah didn't know whether it was his dirty talk or his finger work, but next thing she knew she was cumming.

"Fuccckkk!" Sarah screamed as Shane's hand was covered in juice. 

"Damn baby. You're a real slut now." Shane was impressed by the amount of juice she exploded. He began to lick his hand clean.

"Dirty bastard. Is he licking her juice?"

"Very tasty. I want more." Sarah resumed sucking. She had to get him off again quickly. She felt his balls tighten, he was close. 

Shane got his finger back to her pussy and rubbed her. "I love teen pussy juice baby. And your's is amazing,"

Sarah wanted to be disgusted, but her pussy was loving his finger. "Keep sucking Sarah, it's almost over."

Shane left her pussy and got both hands on her head. "Fuck baby! This is it!" 

Sarah tried pulling off his cock, but he was keeping her in place. 

Sarah kept using her tongue to licking his shaft as the first big shot hit her in the back of her throat. It made her gag, the second was just as powerful. The third was weaker, but still strong. Sarah was swallowing as fast as he was shooting, she would drown if she didn't. 

"Damn, she is actually doing well for her first time." Shane was again impressed. 

After what felt like an eternity he was empty. He pulled his hands away and Sarah lifted her head. Her hair was a mess, they were both sweating, but it was over. 

Without thinking Sarah leaned back down and started licking his softening cock. 

"Yeah baby. Get it nice and clean for daddy."

That snapped Sarah back to reality. "Fuck you asshole!"

"Oh baby we can do that tomorrow night when I'm reloaded. Unless you want to get back down there and try and get my big thing back to life."

Sarah immediately got her top fixed up and left. All she could hear was Shane laughing as she got out. 

"See you tomorrow night baby girl." 

Sarah was furious. She had let him finger her into an orgasm. He was an old pervert. Ugly, old, nasty... And hung. So fucking hung. 

Sarah got home and masturbated in the shower to two more powerful orgasms before going to bed.

To be continued...