 After a fun afternoon swimming and drinking beer at the river, the party is moved along down the road to a small sports stadium where a line-up of amateur bands get the place rocking. Anny keeps accepting the drinks her husband Jake is giving her. She was feeling tipsy after the beer. Now he has her drinking tequila. "Are you trying to get me drunk?"

"Yeah, baby!" he cheers, walking backwards and stumbling over a seat, his tequila splashing down his front and setting everyone off laughing again.

It's a great night. Anny likes to get a buzz on at a party, but she's way past that as they all stagger and sway back along the road to the camp site. Her head is absolutely spinning when it hits the pillow. Jake is worse. He crashes immediately. Anny tries to sit up but she's woozy now. She manages to pull off her clothing and drag a nightie over her head then flops back down and closes her eyes, sleep overpowering the urge to throw up.

A couple of guys walking by the window whooping it up wake her. She checks her phone to find it's 3AM. She's feeling okay in the stomach but her head is still spinning and she needs to go to the toilet. She steps into her sandals and hugs her arms around tight for the run to the amenities. The place is dead. She's tripping over her feet, her legs wonky, the world on tilt. She quickly does her business and makes her way back to the cabin with her eyes virtually closed as she climbs the steps and sneaks back into bed.

Jake is out to it, still facing the far wall. Anny goes back to sleep but feels him cuddling up, his breath pure alcohol fumes against the back of her neck. She's slipping in and out of consciousness and thinking about showing her boobs at the river. She has a little rub of her pussy and smiles to herself about it as she pulls her nightie off. Jake is erect against her back, as usual. She enjoys a squirm and finds moisture inside her pussy. She tilts her pelvis and feels for her husband's cock head. He obligingly thrusts and she guides him in. She's not quite wet enough but she presses back onto thrusts until he's fully seated inside of her. He pulls back then slides in again - easier this time. He holds her hip and starts fucking her.

Anny hides her head in her pillow to get away from her husband's alcohol fumes. He's gripping her shoulder with one hand and her hip with his other. She tilts her pelvis, presenting herself to him. He drives up her hard and grinds against her, his cock probing so deep at this angle. She loves the feel of him but can't keep awake enough to get very excited. She smiles to herself at the feel of him losing control and getting off in her, his cock feeling so huge and amazingly deep as it throbs and gushes cum. 

Anny's dozing off now. She can feel her husband's cock still quite firm inside of her. He continues to slow fuck her, cuddling to her back and feeling her breasts. She's almost asleep when she feels him tense and ejaculate again, his hand on her tit squeezing hard as he nuzzles for her neck under the pillow. She puts up with his breath and rubs her face against his. He kisses her cheek but suddenly jerks back.

"What the fuck?" he cries in a startled whisper. "Anny, what the fuck?"

"Huh?" she turns in horror at the sound of that voice. "Phil? What...? Where's...?"

"Anny, what are you doing here?" He backs against the wall and turns on a lamp.

Anny squints at the light, shielding her eyes. She doesn't understand what's happening. Her mind is whooshing. She looks around the room and doesn't see her stuff. This isn't her cabin. "Oh shit. Phil, I um. Oh shit."

"How did you get here, Anny? What's happening?"

"Um I went to the toilet. I thought this was my. Oh my god!"

"Oh no, Anny, I thought you were Carmen. It was dark and I woke up and. Oh shit, I'm so sorry."

Anny gulps. That wasn't a dream and it was Phil behind her. "Oh my god - we. Did we just do something?"

"Yeah. God, I'm so sorry, Anny. I didn't know it was you. Believe me - I didn't know."

Anny can feel how wet she is between the legs. She has the bed cover pulled up to cover her breasts. "I think you came inside me," she says, her head clearing a little, her heart still pounding.

Phil's nodding. "Yeah. I didn't mean to." He rubs his face, his hand over his mouth. "Are you safe at least, Anny? Are you on the pill?"

"Yeah. Yes, I'm on the pill." Anny shakes her head slowly, taking a breath and calming a little more. "Oh shit, Phil, this is crazy, isn't it? I mean - it's my fault not yours. It's completely my fault."

"Yeah, but it's easy to get confused around here. I had enough trouble finding my own cabin just before. Oh, but you can't tell Carmen! Please, Anny? We just had a fight. She went to sleep with Olivia. I thought you were her."

"She just wants you to take her with you, Phil."

"What?"

"That's what you were fighting about, right? About how she wants to go?"

"Yeah I guess - that's pretty much it. I'm just not ready for her to spend a whole week with my parents yet."

Anny rubs her nose, sniffling a burgeoning tear. "Just work it out, Phil. If you can't take her, then don't go yourself."

Phil swallows hard. He nods, sucking in a breath. "Yeah I guess. I'll work it out somehow." He presses hands to his temples. "This didn't happen, Anny. Can we make it so this never happened?"

Anny sniffles again. "Yep. That's what I'm thinking." She feels her pussy. She's open and dripping. She giggles hopelessly. "Damn it, Phil, you got me good."

"Yeah - sorry about that," he says again, grinning a little too. "Don't know if I wanna totally forget about this to be honest."

Anny shakes her head, rolling her eyes. "I'll bet." She wipes her wet fingers on her leg and finds her nightie hanging off the edge of the bed. "So I hope you were safe. You don't screw around, do you?"

"No! Hell no!" His gaze lowers to her chest then back up.

Anny feels her blush rise. "I'm definitely not gonna tell anyone. I don't know what to do about Jake exactly. Even if I have to tell him, he certainly won't be telling anyone."

"Yeah, I guess. You guys are married. That's kind of serious, so I can understand you might need to talk about it. Just make sure he knows I was asleep minding my own business, okay?"

Anny giggles again, her chest lightening more. "I'll make sure he knows that, Phil." She feels another blush tingle through her cheeks. "Plus I don't wanna totally forget either, to be honest."

He smiles. "You don't?"

"No. I'm glad it was a completely honest mistake, but it was nice too."

Phil grins cheekily this time. "I could have done better."

She glares back at him. "Settle down, stud. I think it was pretty good for drunk sex, anyway." Her cheeks heat again. "You felt nice inside me like that. I can't believe how wet I am from you right now."

"Wet? From me?"

"Uh huh. From your cum." Anny bites a lip. "Did you cum twice? I'm not sure which part I just dreamed. I think you were really deep in me."

He stares back at her. His eyes are intense now. "You were so relaxed. I was all the way up you for that first load. The second one I was kind slipping out a bit. You felt so tight and sexy - I came pretty hard both times."

Anny breaks away from his eyes and sorts out her nightie. She pulls it in the right way, allowing the bed clothes to fall away and reveal her breasts. Phil's looking at them. "Aw fuck," he groans under his breath. Anny's blush rises and she bites her grin. She has her nightie sorted but just fiddles with it and waits. She meets Phil's eyes again and reaches up to rake her matted curls.

"It felt really nice when you were cumming in me that first time. I thought it felt deeper than usual. I like the thought of having your cum in my belly right now as well as it making me all gooey between the legs." Anny pulls on her nightie and slips from beneath the bed cover. She stands facing Phil to rake her curls back again. She feels a trickle of cum down her leg.

Phil's looking at her down there. "Aw fuck. That's from me?"

She nods. He's on his knees holding his erection to one side. A slurp of cum splashes on the floor between her feet. She presses the bottom of her nightie against her pussy. "I'd better go and clean up or something," she utters softly.

"You'd better before I grab you," he says, again meeting her eyes with that intensity she isn't entitled to.

"You're not allowed to grab me. It wouldn't be an accident anymore." Anny crosses her thighs, her nightie wedged between them, cum trickling down to her knee. "Can I have some of your water, please?"

He hands her his water bottle. She rocks back against the wall to stop from falling over, her head spinning with the seeming resurgence of her drunkenness.

"Are you okay to walk?"

"Yeah - just need a minute."

He gets up and steps close, slipping an arm around her waist. She leans against him and grips a shoulder. "I never noticed until your hair - it's so long," he says. She closes her eyes as his hand lifts and cups her breast. "Yours are a bit bigger but I never noticed when I was feeling them." Anny rocks back against the wall again, her hands in her hair as Phil feels her tits. She's looking down at his hand, pressing her chest forward. He stops feeling her and hooks a finger into her neckline and pulls it open, looking down her front. "Your nipples are different too."

"Uh huh. Carmen's are more pink," Anny says, looking down her front too. Phil undoes her two buttons. He shifts her nightie from her shoulders and it falls to reveal her breasts. She watches dazed as he feels them, teasing her nipples erect. She giggles and presses an arm across her boobs. She pokes Phil's chest with a finger. "I have to go now. This isn't an accident anymore, bad boy!"

She squirms from the guy and waves awkwardly from his door. The number on his stair rail is 5. She wanders across a row and finds her number 5 and sneaks in to peep at her husband still sleeping. It's definitely him. She finds panties and pulls them on. Phil's cum has dribbled down to her ankle. She cuddles up in the bed cover and feels down her front into the heat and wetness there, smiling to herself at the thought of what just happened and still drunk enough to refuse to think about the consequences right now.