 My girlfriend was too fucking hot for me and it made me paranoid for a long time. But several years have gone by and she still does this tongue thing while licking my balls so.. I sort of don’t give a shit why she’s with me anymore. 

Galina was Russian, thick accent and ill-tempered. She was taller than me, tan, and had this beautiful neck that is hard to describe without seeming creepy. I’ll give it my best go. She’s lanky and when she wears tank tops or when she walks around topless, those strong shoulders lead into a long, beautiful, strong neck. Usually a velvet choker clasped around it. At night, when her legs are tangled around me and I’m humping away like the luckiest dumb fuck I am, you can bet the table I’m licking and kissing her throat as she stretches and wriggles underneath me. 

Now, shut up, I also believe my girlfriend is smart and opinionated and interesting. All that jazz. Galina grew up on metal and rock, she plays drums with a personal vendetta. Like the instrument plucked her wallet out of her back pocket and swallowed it whole. She speaks perfect English, decent French. Can’t cook to save her fucking life. Has a weird toenail on her left foot from an ingrown toenail when she was twenty-two. She gets food, that I made by the way, on my comics when she’s strewn out along the couch and before I can lecture her or get angry, she’ll spread her long legs out and glance down, pouting for me to eat her cunt. And I do. Messy and loud and always ending with us twisting and turning until she’s sitting on my face, fingernails digging into my chest as she cums on my mouth. I love my girlfriend. 

Galina was also a stonewall. I knew very little about her family or her home or her thoughts save for the times she’d open up, usually late at night. It was always a privilege. We’d be cuddled up in bed, her face in my chest, her voice quiet and adorable, telling me something personal. But, I never knew shit about her dad until he arrived, all six-foot and two hundred something pounds of him, on my front door. 

Dad was not so good at English. He barked it at me and then laughed, the plants and books would shake as he held tight to his abs and laughed his fucking ass off. The dude sucked. I hated having him in my house but Galina assured me she owed him so much. He’d lived in poverty to send her to school, where we met, and he lived in fear and was subject to violence all for her. And now he just needed a place to stay for two months. Two months until Uncle Bow had a job for him in the Pacific Northwest. Far, far away from us. 

I will admit I sorta hated Papa Galina because, with his giant presence, I was getting far less pussy than I was accustomed to. How do you tell a giant man that his only daughter had been on her knees, on her back, or both, sucking and fucking the soul right out of your (smallish) body for the past two years? How do you tell him that you’d like nothing more than for his burly ass to go see the new shitty cash cow movie, starring The Rock, so you could push said daughter on her stomach and fuck her from behind until her creamy pussy is making that perfect nasty sound and if you’re good, if you play this guilt thing right and kiss her gently on the shoulder, you might be able to shove it up her ass without a rubber? You don’t. He’d rupture your spleen. 

So, I dealt with it. Baked bread, pies, cookies. Upped my cooking game and dug into the details I usually skipped because Galina’s dress was short and I wanted to fuck her on the table and suck whipped cream off her nipples. Fixed shit around the house. The dude at Lowe’s calls me Big Man. I did other shit. I was handling it. Keeping busy while Russian Papa flexed in my mirrors and took i-just-learned-how-to-masturbate long showers. 

So imagine me, dumbass from hell, walking into my house with paint samples only to hear my bed creaking and a garble of low moans. 

Listen, it’s not like I didn’t expect this to happen or assume it was happening on the regular. My girlfriend is much too hot for me. I figured she was cheating but had enough respect to keep other men’s pubes out of my bed. It was still a bummer. 

There were no clothes strung about the floor, no bras hanging from the ceiling fan. I made my way up the stairs and down the hallway without ever once passing my best friend’s wallet. When I imagined this shit going down, it was always far more dramatic. Our bedroom door was wide open, the hallway carpet was keeping my footfalls silent. 

Galina was spread out on the red silk sheets she picked out for our room. I couldn’t see her. Just the cactus tattoo on her ankle, wrapped around and loosely bouncing with every thrust. Her pink nails digging into his back. I didn’t think I’d be shocked. She had to be cheating on me, it’s not pride or self-esteem, it’s common sense. But I was shocked. Her beautiful legs were wrapped around her dad, her toes curling against his ass as he hunched himself into her, grunting and huffing like they’d been going at it for a while now. 

His hips ground against her, slowing down until she was whimpering and her hands came up to his neck as he leaned in for a kiss. He grunted something in Russian and Galina giggled. She lifted her legs high and wide, pointing her toes to the ceiling. At the base of his cock, going balls deep into my girlfriend, her cunt was creamy and clenching at him for more. 

My headboard, the one we’d picked out at a tiny antique place with a mean Korean lady, was knocking against the wall in hard thumps. Galina was squirming, pushing off the bed with her elbows and moaning like she was fixing to cum. Her hands went to his hips, pulling him faster, deeper. He growled something I couldn’t quite make out and her moans got much softer. He brushed the hair out of her face and kissed her nose, slowing his hips as she whimpered. Pouting. I’d never seen genuinely Galina pout before. Not like the fake puppy dog stuff she does for me because she wants me to drive an hour and a half to get her favorite donuts or when I really want to yell about her turning off my alarm clock but she wants dick. 

I might not understand Russian but this asshole wanted to take his time. 

And they did. 

The only words I can understand amidst their grunting and fucking is his deep voice growling, “sweet girl.” An emerald bottle of cologne, banana-flavored lube, my alarm clock all jitter on the nightstand. 

Galina cums, no lie, four times. Her father knows just how to rub her clit, licking his finger and applying the right amount of pressure. He yanks away when she gets too greedy, only letting her cum when she’s sweet and docile and relaxed. They’re soaking our sheets in sweat and cum. 

All I can do is watch. Shifting my weight from foot to foot, leaning against the wall. I can’t leave and I can’t charge in. What the fuck am I supposed to do? Go pull the Russian bull off my girlfriend and then what? Have a middle-aged man beat me with his dick out? While my girlfriend’s cum drips off him? No thanks. My other option is going downstairs and curling up with the bullshit vegan pizza Galina makes us get and watching Rocko’s Modern Life. 

I stand right where I am, watching them hump like dogs in heat and I channel all my energy on being angry. Ignoring the little part of me that’s jealous. He could make her so sweet and I could barely stay on top of her for more than ten minutes before she rolled us over and fucked my brains out. Slapping my hand away when I played with her clit. 

Suddenly the sweetness dissolves into a rougher, grunting passion. Her dad lifts Galina’s chin until her big doe eyes are staring into his. He kisses her before hooking his arms underneath her knees and pulling them up. Galina lets out a little yelp that dissolves into little moans, rolling her hips and only closing her eyes for a moment or two before her dad barks for her to open them. His hips begin jerking, hard and urgent. I watch his ass rise and fall between those beautiful legs. Hear how much she enjoys it when he bottoms out in her, how full it makes her. Dad’s toes are curling into the sheets. 

His thrusting becomes sporadic, he’s leaning to the side and using his daughter’s cunt to rub him the exact way he needs to cum. I get a little closer, though I’m not aware I’m moving until my hands lay on the door frame. I don’t know what I want to happen. Nothing will make this better. All I can hope for is that he’ll pull out and bust on her chest or my sheets, fucking wherever else but I can tell that’s not his plan. 

Her dad sinks into her tight little cunt, red and slick with her cum. Balls deep, they lean into one another, kissing and licking and Galina giggling as her dad empties his seed deep inside of her. Both of them are hot and sweaty. He pulls up her leg and quickly smacks her on the ass before he rolls off. Not once does he look toward the door or the window they left open. He doesn’t give a shit if anyone saw him plowing his daughter. 

Galina stretches, happy and smiling as she rolls out of bed. She grabs her chest when she sees me but it’s like when you open your door and there’s a mirror. Just something unexpected. It quickly passes and she smiles at me, bending down and grabbing one of my t-shirts from the floor. 

I should storm out, Galina should run after me apologizing and somehow explaining the whole situation. She should wrap her arms around me. She should tell me I fell asleep watching Street Food on Netflix and that I should wake up now because real-life-Galina wanted to suck my cock. Something, anything. Instead, Galina continued to jerk my t-shirt on. Her nipples poking through the thin fabric, the strip of cunt hair fully visible between the thighs I loved. Her father was rolled over, snoring on my bed. Drooling on my pillow. 

“You’re home early,” Galina said, running her hand underneath her hair and pulling it free of the t-shirt’s collar. “You said six.” 

“Oh, yeah,” I said, my voice overly sarcastic. “I did say six. Jeez, you’re right. And you said, well at least I think you said, I figured we all said it in some sort of cosmic echo chamber together right before the big bang, that you wouldn’t fuck your father. Galina, what the fuck?” 

“I owe him,” she snapped. “He’s the whole reason I’m here with you.” 

“That’d be sweet if I didn’t just see you take your own dad’s nut.” 

“I’m on birth control.”

Fuck. The last place you’ll find me is guzzling protein shakes and lifting tractor tires in some suffocating garage claiming to be a gym. I’m not a fighter. However, the thought of his balls emptying into my girlfriend.. The thought of that milky liquid dripping down her cunt lips and making her thighs wet while she squirms around in my shirt.. Well, it made me want to put my fist through the drywall or her father’s head. “How long has this been going on?” 

Fist. Drywall. Again. How long had this been going on? Every time she went back home? Galina going home for Christmas to spend it on her stomach, hips pulled up on some pillow and her father going to town. Of her on her back, kissing and whispering as her cunt squeezed his cock. While I sat at home, missing my girlfriend, and dodging my mom’s calls. Ordering a pizza on a holiday while my girlfriend rode her dad and played with his balls. Fuck. 

“Few months after I turned eighteen. We made a deal.”

A deal? The bastard was fucking his daughter for sending her to college? “Gallie, you don’t owe him shit.” I wanted to hug her. Wrap my arms around her and let her cry into my chest, letting all of this out. Galina wasn’t that type of girl. She wasn’t a victim. 

“You’re very dramatic. I have a good job, a good boyfriend, a good home. What would you have me do? Hate it every time he pushed his cock into me? Not accept his offer and never have come here? To never meet you? To live with you? No. I fuck him back. I enjoy it. And I got everything I wanted.”

I looked at the ceiling, trying not to say the stupid coward thing I had to say. “You couldn’t even pretend to be faking it, for me?”

And the truth is, I’d have been perfectly happy with a lie. I’d pretend he forced himself on her, that she was suffering through this stupid little payment system of his. Gallie wouldn’t allow it.

She got closer, her nose almost touching mine. Lips twitched up into a daring smile, wanting me to do something if I was so pissed off. The same smile after a man catcalls her in the streets or she rubbed against someone a little too long as she passed them, daring me to be the man I wasn’t. One who held her down by her neck and fucked her swollen cunt red and sore. Claimed it. A clubber, back-to-the-cave we go type of douche. Maybe her dad was that kind of guy he certainly had the orange fake tan thing going for him. The sad shit? I wanted to close my hand around that beautiful throat and make her stupid, little dreams come true. Until she screamed out for daddy to come help her. What kind of man thinks that way? Galina’s nose bumped mine. “I came all over his cock.” 

“Fuck you, Galina.” 

I went to move away but her soft hands grabbed for my ribs, digging her fingers in. Fuck, I loved the way she touched me. Every soft little fingertip, every glossy lip, every hair on that strip just above her cunt brushing against me. “Did you hear how wet I was? His fat cock kept stretching me open, he had to make me cum with his mouth first. Just to fit.” 

“Fuck. You.” 

She giggled, she was a cartoon cat swatting at a palpitating, in-and-out of the chest, mouse heart. Her hands left my waist and she swung them around my shoulders, pulling me in for a hug. My T-shirt dragging up those hips, revealing her round ass. Some instinct in my brain or more likely, my dick, made me wrap my arms around Galina, one hand drifting down and squeezing her ass. Careful to not dip my fingers between her legs and get her dad’s jizz on my fucking hand. She giggled again and whispered, “your turn.” 

I wish I could tell you I stormed out, that I kicked her and her dad’s ass out on the street and got over her like a man (by watching Barbara Streisand movies and ordering cookie pizza) but I didn’t. Instead, I let my girlfriend lead me into the laundry room where she bent over, spreading her legs. Her dad’s warm cum was dewy on her inner thighs. Should have grossed me out. It should have made me angry. My fingers stumbled with my belt but soon my jeans and boxers were around my ankles and I was digging my fingers into her cunt, slurping at my fingers. A well-used cunt. Still bright red from being pounded and so, so sensitive. When I sunk my cock in fast and hard, Galina’s leg shook, toes curling against the floor.