 This will be a short story about the events that took place a few summers ago. My name is Jake, or Jacob as my mother calls me. I was 19 years old at the time of this story. The other members of my family are my mom and dad, and my older sister (by 13 months), Terry (Teresa to my mother).

The school year had just ended for my sister and me. We both attend the local university, she being a year ahead of me. Both of us had secured summer jobs which were set to start in two weeks for me and in a month for Terry. This gave us a couple of weeks free to just enjoy the start of summer vacation before having to report for work.

My father has a successful architectural business and my mother does some free lance consulting, so our home situation is very comfortable. We live in an upscale, quiet neighborhood on a few acres that gives us plenty of privacy.

Growing up, Terry and I got along. Sure, we sometimes quarreled, but in the end, we were supportive of each other and always protected each other from getting hurt by others. Being the more adventurous one, Terry sometimes got into some dicey situations. I was always there to bail her out and to protect her. And she was always there for me.

Back to the story. It's the start of summer vacation. My sister and I have some free time before our summer jobs start. The family is all together for Wednesday night dinner when my parents tell us they have some news to share. Dad received a commission to help design a complex out of state. Since it is such a major undertaking, he will be leaving in two days to meet with the developers of the project. He will be gone for at least three weeks. Furthermore, my mom will be going with him, as they have decided to take this opportunity to turn it into a kind of second honeymoon. What that means for Terry and myself is that we will be on our own for at least three weeks.

Both Terry and I are close to our parents and get along great with them. We both said we would miss them but wished them a good time. We promised not to trash the house and not to have round the clock parties. Those ideas would never occur to either of us. In fact, for me, the fewer people around the more I was planning on taking things easy.

Friday came, the day for our parents to depart. All four of us rode to the airport together. Terry and I reiterated we wouldn't be doing anything crazy over the next three weeks. We said our goodbyes and watched as they boarded their plane and took off. The ride home was weird. Neither of us did much talking. I think we were both just trying to get our heads around the idea that for the first time in our lives we were on our own, for three weeks at least.

We got back home and Terry almost immediately left again. She said she was meeting up with two of her girlfriends but would be back in time for dinner. I told her I was planning on just throwing some burgers on the grill so she didn't need to worry about missing the meal if her plans changed. She said before leaving that she would call if that in fact happened.

The house was pretty quiet after she left. I tried watching some television, but nothing caught my eye. I checked emails and news headlines on my computer and tried playing some games, but I was soon bored. It was now early afternoon so I went out to the backyard and decided to give the lawn a quick mowing. A quick mowing turned out to last an hour and a half. To boot, the humidity ticked up and I was covered in sweat by the time I was finished. I decided that, being bored and sweaty, the only thing I could do was uncover the pool and relax for the rest of the afternoon. I got the cover off, went inside to change into swim trunks and was soon floating and otherwise enjoying the day.

I spent the rest of the afternoon in and out of the pool. At about 5 o'clock Terry returned home and found me basking in a lounge chair in the backyard. She said she was going to change into her swimsuit and would be out to take a dip in the pool. I told her I would fire up the grill and get started with the burgers.

Terry came out of the house a few minutes later wearing a very skimpy red bikini. My sister has a great body, if I say so myself. She's about 5 foot 8 inches with shoulder length blonde hair, which she had tied back in a pony tail. Her legs are long and end in a tight looking ass. (Yes, I'm her brother and I shouldn't have such thoughts, but I do. She's cute but I had never thought of doing anything illicit with her.) Terry also has great tits, firm and full. The red bikini really accentuated her assets. I stared as she crossed the yard to the pool, and I got an erection that the grill hid, for which I was grateful. Once she was in the pool I headed into the house for a shower (cold, of course.)

By the time I returned to the patio and the grill fifteen minutes had passed. The grill was ready for the food so I retrieved the burgers from the refrigerator. I also grabbed some potato salad, the condiments and a couple of beers for Terry and me. Technically, neither of us is of legal drinking age, but our parents allow us the occasional beer or glass of wine as long as we are staying at home and are not driving around. 

I shouted to Terry that I was getting ready to throw stuff on the grill and it should be ready to eat in fifteen minutes or so. She answered back that she was going to go grab a quick shower and would be back just about the time everything was done. She looked great when she entered the water a short time ago, but she looked better getting out. The bikini clung to her body and I could make out her nipples. Needless to say, my cock responded and I tried to hide my body's reaction to seeing my sister. I'm not sure how successful I was as Terry gave me a funny look just before she ducked in the house.

I was able to regain control of myself while she was gone and I focused my attention on the meal preparation. I was just getting ready to remove the burgers from the grill and plate up the food when Terry came out to the patio. She was wearing an over sized tee shirt that came down to about the middle of her thigh. I had seen her dressed like this plenty of times before as she seemed to prefer this type of outfit. What I did notice this time was the prominence of her nipples. She was obviously bra less and her nipples were doing their best to poke holes in the fabric of the tee shirt. I knew I'd have to pay attention to keep from revealing the erection I again had.

I handed her a beer and a plate with a burger. She took both and went to sit at the table. She spooned out some potato salad and garnished her burger. I almost laughed as she immediately attacked the food and beer. She saw me staring and told me she hadn't had anything to eat since breakfast. I just laughed and joined her at the table. Between mouthfuls of food and swigs of beer we engaged in some small talk about our plans for the next three weeks. My plans hadn't really changed. I was going to take things easy until my job started. Terry kept pointing out that we were on our own with no supervision for that time. She asked if I had any plans to "cut loose." I repeated that I was just relaxing while our parents were away and had made no plans beyond that. 

We finished eating and I shut down the grill. I helped Terry carry any leftovers and dirty dishes into the kitchen. Since I had done the cooking, Terry offered to clean up. I grabbed another beer and Terry had me grab another one for her. Beers in hand I made my way to the family room. I flopped down on the sofa and switched on the TV. Terry came in to join me five minutes later as I was switching through channels, looking for anything interesting to watch. She reached for the beer I had for her and slid on the couch next to me. After some back and forth on which channel we finally settled on a movie. It was a comedy and had some good scenes so we both were giggling at points, especially once the beer started taking effect.

During a commercial I grabbed two more beers and took a quick bathroom break. I was feeling comfortable, and despite Terry's tits still trying to bust out of her shirt, I was able to keep my dick under control. That all changed once the movie ended, though. It was now starting to move into dusk outside, not fully light but not completely dark either. Terry asked what we should do now. I told her I would probably just head up to my room and surf the web for a while before turning in. She just laughed and said I was going to check out some porn sites, which caused me to blush (since she was right.)

Once I was able to speak without stuttering I asked Terry what she was going to do the rest of the night. She seemed to be thinking about what she would say in response to my question. After about thirty seconds she said she was going to go back in the pool. I said that maybe I'd join her, after putting my swim trunks back on. Terry told me I wouldn't need them, that she was going skinny dipping and that I should join her. With that she stood and walked out through the kitchen to the patio door.

She looked over her shoulder at me and then grabbed the hem of her tee shirt and pulled it up over her head. She dropped it on the floor and then removed her panties, which she tossed on top of her shirt. She slid the door open, turned her head to look at me and told me to come join her. She had a devilish look on her face. I was in a state of shock, but my eyes followed her as she made her way to the steps of the pool and climbed in. My mind was a blur. I was confused about whether I should do something I knew was wrong or should I join her and just enjoy the experience. I think at that moment my cock cast the deciding vote because it was standing at full attention.

Still not exactly sure what I would do, I began to walk toward the pool. Terry was leaning on the side of the pool watching me and smiling. She told me I couldn't come in the pool unless I lost my shorts. By this point I was at the pool. It was decision time, and I again let my dick decide. I unzipped my shorts and let them fall to the ground. I hadn't been wearing any underwear because I hadn't bothered to put any on after my shower earlier in the day. Terry made a wolf whistle and told me to come join her in the pool. 

I could feel her looking at me as I ascended the stairs and stepped into the water. I swam over to the side of the pool she was on. Terry asked me if it was so difficult a thing to do. My only response I could give was that she was my sister. She shushed me and started to ask me some questions. 

"Am I cute?" she asked.

"Absolutely!"

"Am I naked?"

"Duh!"

"Are you having fun?"

"Yes."

"What would you be doing right now if you were skinny dipping with a cute, naked girl?"

"But you're my sister..."

Terry cut me off and said "Don't make excuses. Just answer the question."

"If you were in a pool along side a cute, naked and very horny girl, what would you be doing?" she asked me a second time.

"But..." was all I got out of my mouth. Terry pressed up against me and placed her mouth on mine. I could feel her body rubbing against me. My cock was moving between her thighs, brushing up against her pussy. Her tongue entered my mouth and engaged with mine.

Terry broke off the kiss after a half minute or so. She moved to kiss my neck and jaw line. My defenses were crumbling. She whispered in my ear.

"What would you do if you were in a pool with a naked, cute, horny girl?" she asked for the third time.

"I'd be fucking you."

"Well, why aren't you?"

And with that Terry wrapped her legs around my waist and reached for my very hard cock. She guided it to her cunt and rubbed it on her outer lips a couple of times. I pushed just the head inside her and stopped. I could feel the friction as I slowly pushed a little deeper. I pulled almost all the way out before I reversed course and pushed inside her cunt again. This time I went in about halfway before I again started to pull out. 

I stopped to look at my sister's face. Her eyes were closed and her mouth was slightly open. I started to push in for the final time and didn't stop until I had pushed my pubic bone against hers. Terry's head fell back and she let out a low moan. The sensation I was feeling around my cock was wonderful. Her pussy was tight and had a firm grip on my penis, yet I thought I could feel both heat and moisture. I held my position deep inside my sister's cunt until she opened her eyes and looked in mine. Our mouths met and we enjoyed a long, deep kiss.

We finally separated and I began a slow, rhythmic motion. I would pull most of the way out and then thrust back in, ending with a final little bump against Terry's clit. Every time I did this she let out a gasp. We kept this going for a good ten minutes as we were both enjoying it immensely. 

"Harder, faster, deeper," Terry implored. She locked her ankles behind my back to keep me from pulling out so far. She also began rotating her hips to control the tempo. I was powerless to resist so I began to pound my sister's pussy without mercy. She was soon moaning and screaming for more. Some of the utterances I couldn't make out. Terry was building to a massive orgasm and I was hoping to last long enough to get her there.

"Fuck me! Fuck me!" Terry screamed.

I started slamming my cock into her cunt even harder and faster. I thought I would hurt her but she kept imploring me to continue to fuck her. Terry was soon gasping between her moans and screams. I could feel her getting close. Her pussy walls were pulsating as I was thrusting in her. I had to move us away from the side of the pool as Terry's head kept being thrown back both from my thrusts and her own body having spasms.

Terry let out a long combination scream and moan as I pushed deep into her. Her back arched and her head went back. I could feel her muscles quiver around my dick. I had tried to keep myself under control to bring her to orgasm. Now I let loose. The feeling of her cunt grabbing and massaging my cock brought me to the point of no return. 

"I'm cumming!" I screamed.

"Fill up my cunt!"

With that I exploded inside Terry's inviting pussy. I must have let loose with five or six good spurts of my cum and several lesser ones. Terry by now was relaxed like a rag doll. I wrapped my arms around her and held her tight as she continued to come down from her orgasm. My cock had softened somewhat but was still semi-hard and inside her. We both just stayed that way until we had recovered. Terry was the first to speak.

"Wow! If I knew it would be like that I'd have fucked you before now."

"What we just did was wro..." I started to say before Terry stopped me.

"Just shut up and enjoy it! We aren't going to get married and have kids. I'm not going to keep you from going out with other girls and you aren't going to keep me from fucking other guys. I would like to do this once in a while though. It was nice. And now you can pull out of me if you don't mind."

"What if I don't want to pull out of you?" I answered. I was still not fully soft, but not fully hard either.

"Well, then, you'd better fuck me again. Though let's go inside, it's starting to get chilly out here."

And with that we both got out of the pool and headed to the house. We collected our clothes on the way. Once inside, Terry suggested a shower before anything else. The time we spent soaping each other up and exploring each other's body only served to make us even hornier. By the time the shower ended we were well on our way to a second session, this time in our parent's bed.

That pretty much ends this story. For the next month (our parents extended their trip an extra week) Terry and I fucked just about every day. We explored each other and engaged in just about anything you could imagine. We discovered we both loved oral sex and spent many hours pleasuring ourselves in this way. Once our parents returned we had to be more discrete, but we managed to get away together for a quickie and sometimes more. And there was work which kept us apart most of the time. When school started up again, we went to our parents and asked if they would consider renting us an apartment instead of our living in dorms again. They agreed that it would save some money and I could look out for my sister. Little did they know how I was going to be looking out for her!