 He walked into the bedroom and found his stepmom asleep. He looked at her pink bra and thong as she slept uncovered. He watched her breath as he eyed her large breasts. He often thought of what it would be like fucking his hot, blonde, big chested step mom. He jerked to her before as he watched her in the pool in her little bikini. Now they were alone in the house and she was asleep. He smiled as his dick grew hard with excitement. He stood there in his boxers as he licked his lips at her as she rolled over to her back and he smiled at her open legs.

He looked down the hall and closed the door. He locked it as he crept over to the bed. She was snoring lightly as he pulled his dick out of the hole in his boxers. He climbed onto the bed and on top of her as she moved a little bit. He was staring down at her cleavage as he saw the clasp of her bra between her tits. 

He used his hand and gently unclasp her bra. She didn't move as he pulled her bra open exposing her twenty eight year old double D cups. He smiled at her hard nipples and big breasts. He licked his lips as he bent down and kissed her breast, he put his hand on the other one, squeezing softly. 

Michelle moaned as she felt him kissing and squeezing her breasts. Her legs opened wider as his cock rubbed up and down on her thong. She moved again as she bent her knees up as she felt his cock rubbing. She opened her mouth and gasp as he bit gently on her nipple as he prodded her thong with his hard on. He was closer to nailing her than ever before and was about to do what he has wanted to do for the last year. 

Her thong grew moist with the rubbing and prodding of his cock. Michelle moans filled the room as she continued sleeping as he turned her sexy body on. He kissed her lips as she kissed back and he squeezed her tits with his hands. He decided it was time and reached down between her legs. He slid the pink cloth to the side, exposing her shaved pussy. He rubbed her wet hole with his finger as he got ready to penetrate it. 

He slowly shoved his cock into her wet hole. She gasp as she felt his cock entering her body, she moaned "Yes" softly as he was inside her. He began sliding back and forth, fucking his hot stepmom in her sleep. Her pussy was already slick and easy to get into after all the teasing he did to her earlier. Her legs still bent at the knees and wide open allowing him to have his way with her in her sleep. 

He picked up the pace as he thrust in and out of her tight body. He was finally nailing his hot stepmom and loving every bit of it as he fucked her. Michelle's moaning was filling the room as her step son made her cum in her sleep. He felt the rush of her cum as her pussy tightened around his cock, slowing his pace down. He smiled as her pussy released allowing him to slip in and out of her again. He closed his eyes and smiled as he fucked her deep and slow.

Michelle moved around and arched her back as he fucked her faster. Her eyes opened and closed quickly as he pounded her deeper and faster. She smiled and moaned loudly as her pussy took the pounding. He grunted and grew closer to exploding as he tried to keep from it. 

Michelle opened her eyes and looked at her step son as he had his eyes closed as he slid in and out of her. She moaned and bit her lip as she got off again. He looked down and saw her eyes open. He stopped and starred wide eyed at her as she pulled him down and kissed him. She whispered in his ear as he smiled and began ramming her again. She lifted her legs as he slammed deep into her slick hole. She was awake and enjoying the sex from the eighteen year old. 

He kissed her breast and sucked her hard nipple as she moaned. He continued sliding in and out of her as she flipped him over to his back. She rode his dick like a cowgirl as he held up and held her bouncing tits as she went up and down on his hard dick. He grunted and moaned as her pussy tightened and released over and over making him grow even closer. Michelle was loving the surprise sex from her step son as his large cock was deep inside her. 

The bed creaked as she rode her stepson. The headboard slammed against the wall, knocking a picture of her and her husband to the floor. She moaned as she felt him deep inside her tight body. He grunted as he felt himself about to explode inside her. She bent down and kissed him as she kept riding his cock. He kissed her back as their tongues touched and went into each others mouths. 

He couldn't hold it back anymore and he got off. She felt it as her orgasm hit at the same time. She sat up moaning as she felt his cum rush inside her. He felt her getting off and smiled as he finished filling her up. She rolled to the side and laid beside him. 

Michelle took a shower as he walked in and got into the shower with her. They washed each others bodies as they left the bathroom together. He kissed his stepmom and grabbed her breast. He went to his room as she got dressed as her husband got home. They swore to keep it a secret but was wanting to continue their affair behind his back.