 Tenement Cum: You Sleeping Mom?

My mother raised me as a single parent from the time I was three years old, and for years we kept moving from one tenement dwelling to another, always looking for a little improvement in conditions; we had been living in one for five years, since I was a few months into thirteen. It was close to mom's work place and my school while I was still attending. It was a one bedroom apartment, one of four such on the bottom flat of a two flat building. Each apartment was like an oblong box - twenty by twelve feet, with a dividing wall and door cutting the twenty feet in half. The first half serving as kitchen, living room/dining room. The other half was the bedroom.

Our bedroom was further divided by a blind held up by a wire curtain rod stretched tight across the twelve feet, from one wall to the next. Mom's bed was behind the blind, close to the wall with its single window. The bed was pulled back about one foot from the wall so mom could sit on the edge with her foot on the ground as she looked out and enjoyed a bit of fresh air. In my section, the largest division, along with my single bed, was a vanity and a little table. There were a number of shelves spaced out along the wall in both sections, with hooks under them to hold clothes hangers.

Certain living conditions often act as a catalyst for taboo or unexpected sexual encounters. Living in an overcrowded building or having to share bedrooms, beds and other living space could present any number of visual, physical or emotional contact that will lead to sensual arousal and ultimately, sex.

When I was much younger, mom's boyfriend of the time would sometimes overnight, but since I turned twelve and started high school that was cut out; they only visited for a few hours or came by to pick her up for a date. She'd had four such companions over the years. For the last two years, however, following a miscarriage when she was four months pregnant, I stopped seeing or hearing about the baby's father and she stopped going out except for work or to do a little shopping. She spent most of her time sitting by her window with a novel or magazine or just looking out while her little radio played.

Soon after graduating high school at seventeen I was taken under the wings of my uncle who was a building contractor. Jobs were fairly regular and I earned enough money to help mom with rent and other expenses while keeping my five feet ten, trim, athletic body nicely dressed and with a growing bank book that mom had made me open on my eighteenth birthday. I also attended evening classes to boost up my qualifications.

One day I came home early due to rain preventing further work on the house my uncle was building. I knew that mom would be home preparing for her afternoon shift at the hospital where she was a nurse. I pushed open the slightly cracked door and walked into the apartment. Mom was standing next to the little dining table that also served as an ironing board, pressing her nurse's uniform. She was naked except for sheer, black panties. She spun around, gave a little screech and raised the hand with the iron in a defensive manner, momentarily thinking it was an intruder. After she caught her breath she started to laugh. 

"Pat ... boy, you nearly scared the life out of me. What you doing home so early?" she asked. 

"Rain," I said, also catching my breath, most of which had been knocked out by the sight of mom in panties only.

The sight of her near naked body had hit me hard to the stomach and my heart was pumping heavily as I stood there wanting to look away, knowing I should look away, but unable to. Her thirty-nine year old, once athletic body now a juicy slim-thick delight, pulled at my eyes like a magnet. Her light brown skin had a sheen to it suggesting that it was freshly creamed or oiled. The part of her that gleamed the most was her mid-sized puffy tipped breasts. I moved my eyes downward from breasts to crotch where I saw a snugly held lump of feminine charm, and dark patch of hair through the sheer material.

I sat down on a little wooden chair and began unlacing my shoes, hoping that by the time I was finished she would have rushed off to cover herself. But she went right back to ironing while telling me something that I never heard, so dazed and titillated was I. Given the type of dwellings we'd always occupied there were times a-plenty that I'd had revealing glimpses of her body, but this was the most explicit my eyes had ever been gifted.

Apparently she'd known that the ironing was almost complete which is why she continued as she did, because, two minutes later, she lifted her uniform and the ironing sheet and headed toward the bedroom. I raised my head and looked at her cute fluffy ass dipping and rising as she walked away. I found myself thinking that she looked good for a late thirties mommy. I smiled at the thought. 

Minutes later as I sat at the table eating I found myself mentally visualizing those shiny tipped breasts, not with any sexual or lusty accompanying thoughts, but with a kind of admiration - thinking them very beautiful - and when she came outside a little later, dressed in her nurse's uniform, my eyes leapt straight to her bosom, and lingered for a couple of seconds. I detected a little rise of nips. When she walked past me toward the stove I looked back at her butt and smiled again when I remembered the way it had moved in the panties and the smoothness of the overhanging portion of flesh that was too much to be contained by the V-cut underwear.

They say when it rains it pours. A few days later, I walked in on mom again - at a different time. This time she was the one not supposed to be at home. It was five PM and she should have been at work. As I entered our home I heard the radio playing. It would not be the first time she'd left and forgotten to turn the radio off. Already taking off my shirt I went straight to the bedroom to undress. Pushed in the partly opened door, and there she was, standing in front of the vanity fixing her hair. She was stark naked. She jumped so hard the comb fell out of her hand.

"O gawd ... again!" she said, looking really sad even under the effort of smiling it off.

I looked at the naked body with the patch of black hair between her legs and I felt myself blush. I also felt a kind of tremor in my body. I let my eyes roam the sexy body, longer than I'd done that first time a few days ago. We both stood still as if stuck to the floor, looking at each other - she at my face, me, moving my eyes from her body to her face and back down to below her waist and then her breasts.

"I didn't hear you come in, Pat, I'm sorry ... the radio ..." she said, and turning around, lowered the volume.

As she stepped over to the blind I laughed out. She stopped and looked back at me, one hand holding the split in the blind.

"What?" she asked, with a half-smile.

"Why you turned down the radio? ... Now!" I said, laughing

She grasped the irony and started laughing too. I watched the cute bubbies bounce as she laughed and I found myself thinking it would be nice to hold them a little.

"Boy ... turn your face," she said playfully, and slipped behind the blind.

A moment later she poked her head out and looked at the bed on which I was sitting, taking off my shoes.

Fixing her eyes a foot or so from my left side, she said, "Hand me those please, baby."

It was only then I realized that I'd been sitting next to a pair of blue lace panties. I picked them up and looked at them and smiled.

"What you, smiling at, boy?" she asked.

"These look small, you sure they could fit you?" I asked jokingly.

"Boy shut up and hand me them panties."

I gave them to her and she snatched the teeny things in mock anger. A couple of minutes later she stepped out from behind the blind and looked me in the eyes.

"See ... they fit!" she remarked.

I looked at her standing there in bra and the lacey bikini panties hugging her crotch like a possessive lover and I felt a stirring in my crotch. And when she turned around to show me the back, the movement in my crotch was even bolder, and I knew then as I watched her calmly lift the blind and go behind it that on that day, at that moment, things had changed between me and my mommy.

The first confirmation of change came the very next day. I was lying in bed reading a book as mom came into the room, wrapped in a towel after having a bath. She was preparing for work. As usual she went into her section and drew the blind - but instead of the blind being pulled all the way to the wall, she stopped it about six inches short. Because my eyes had followed her and remained glued in that direction, I noticed the unusual act. A couple of seconds later I got a glimpse of bare arm placing the towel on a hook on the wall. Then, another few seconds later I got the nice surprise of a bit of naked ass as she pushed back and out while bending over to put on her panties. I watched amazed as she straightened up and the panties slowly covered the naked caramel flesh and she reached behind to put fingers under the legs and fix the little garment in place around the thick, creamy batty.

During the next few days I noticed the space between the wall and edge of blind get wider and wider, and once I was around, I got to see more and more of mommy's naked body as she dressed or undressed. Eventually, a little over a week later she stopped altogether pulling the blind; whatever space was there when she last emerged remained as she put on or took off her clothes. This was usually anything from two to three feet in width. I reasoned that she must have thought that having seen her that day in panties alone and then completely naked, I'd seen all I could possibly see and had adjusted to it, so there was no need for the stress of hiding her nakedness from me if I happened to be looking her way. 

What I wasn't sure off, is if she thought I was so decent, as not to deliberately look at the gift of sweet mother nakedness she was making available to my eyes. Whatever her thoughts were on the matter, I loved the change and the feel of my hard cock in my pants as I feasted my eyes on her goodies - it was intense pleasure and I wallowed in it. But along with the pleasure there was pain, the pain of a growing desire to fuck her, which made me feel guilty and had me going crazy with conflicting emotions.

As the days went by my lust for my mother's body grew stronger and stronger and it reached the stage where I sometimes felt I was about to go crazy. I couldn't take it anymore, I felt that I had to do something. I could no longer endure this constant tossing and turning and sleepless nights in my bed knowing that the pussy I wanted to fuck was just a few feet behind a blind - not even a real solid wall. I began thinking what could be the consequences, the worst case scenario if I ventured behind that blind one night with illicit intentions. Knowing my mother, I convinced myself while waiting for her to come home from evening shift, that it would be nothing more than an understanding, soft reproach - she was my mother and we'd always been too close to harbor any hostility.

When she came home at round midnight, she did the unusual thing of venturing into the yard at that hour and taking a bath with night-cold water. When she returned to the room I opened my pretend-sleep eyes in the semi darkness - the only light in the room was that from the street light which crept through the single window and a glow from the room next door where I knew a young lady student was up studying as was her habit. It was enough for me to take in mom's contours as she pulled away the towel and threw it on a little stool before going behind the blind, even standing for a few seconds fiddling with something on the vanity. She then went behind the blind pulled it shut as was usual when retiring to bed for the night.

I lay in bed, a bundle of nerves, heavily pumping heart and sweaty hands, but with a hard lurching cock, trying to garner the courage to get up and go behind that blind. Finally, about fifteen minutes later, I made the effort of getting up, and on shaky legs moved towards the blind, where I stood for a minute before chancing to speak.

"You sleeping mom?" I whispered.

"No darling, you want something?" she asked.

"Yes ... I ..." 

"What is it dear?"

I tried to talk, but couldn't drag the words up my constricting throat. And my cock did an about turn and deflated quicker than I'd ever known it to happen before. It just fell from the sky, so to speak. After a long pause I heard her soft encouraging voice.

"Pull the blind and come in baby." 

I went behind the blind and stood next to her bed looking down at her. Her body was covered with a sheet. I was a little disappointed - I'd been hoping that if nothing bigger played out, I'd at least get a peek at hot woman flesh from close up. I stood there unable to speak and not knowing what to do, my fingers cold and my heart beating like a bass drum. 

"What is it yuh want?" she asked, reaching out and clutching my cold fingers.

"I," was all I managed to say before my voice once again choked up.

"Sit down honey," she said.

She pulled aside a bit and patted the mattress beside her. I sat down and felt her warmth as our bodies touched lightly.

"It must be something important and very sensitive eh, baby ... tell you what, you take yuh time and tell me when you're ready ... yuh can sleep here with me if yuh want ... if yuh drop to sleep before yuh ready to talk, yuh could talk to me in de morning, or if yuh wake up during de night and yuh ready, you just wake me up ... don't worry about anything baby, mommy is here for you ... whatever it is ... anything, I will help you work it out," she said, patting my thigh and gently squeezing it with soft fingers.

She shifted to the centre of the bed and told me to lie down beside her. I raised my legs off the floor and deposited them stretched out beside her. She lifted the sheet and threw part of it over me, then snuggled up close to me and threw an arm across my chest. I instantly experienced the shock of my life and the sweetest thrill ever ran through my young body when her breasts and her thighs touched my chest and thighs and I realized that she was totally naked under the sheet. As the seconds went by and her warmth penetrated my skin, just as fast as my cock had deflated, it soared to the roof. I breathed deeply and proceeded to call on my nerves to settle. A couple of minutes passed and my body began to relax. I felt mommy's hand across my chest gently rubbing my shoulder. Then she raised her head and placed it on my chest, her soft breath caressed my pecs and shortly after, the soft touch of her lips pressed against my nipple.

We remained like that for about five minutes before I felt one of her fleshy thighs glide over my hip and her leg settled on my hard cock, pressing it down onto my lower belly. My entire body stiffened and grew hot at that touch and then reached boiling point as I felt her fingers gently glide over my far side nipple about four or five times. Before I could fully come to terms with that sensation I felt her wet tongue flickering on the other nipple and then it was inside her hot wet mouth and she was chewing and sucking on it tenderly, while applying pressure on my cock with her knee.

She raised her head, and at the same time, I felt her hand glide along my belly and into the fly opening of my pajamas. She eased my cock out the fly and fondled it lightly.

"Is this what yuh wanted to talk to me about darling ... you wanted to talk to mommy about sex?" She said, looking into my face. 

I nodded my head and she squeezed my cock firmly.

"Yuh ready for sex and yuh want mommy to teach yuh, eh ... is okay, mommy will teach you how to mek love."

It wasn't until years later, when thinking on it I realized how smoothly and cleverly she had absolved herself of any guilt and wrong doing by suggesting that she was doing her motherly duties of teaching me. Perhaps she was even trying to free me of guilt or shame. Once again I nodded my head as her sparkling eyes bore into mine in the dim room. She rose up and turning around, pulled close the window blind, then lowered her head and her lips found mine. I opened my mouth to her probing tongue and there began the sweetest kiss I'd ever known. She was breathing heavily and making little passionate sounds as we kissed, her fingers clamping and releasing my cock eagerly. She returned to my chest and began once again chewing my nipple, this time the other one. I watched as she used one hand to gather the covering sheet and throw it off the bed. 

After chewing on my nipples for a long time until they felt sore from the foreign form of titillation she began running her tongue down my chest and belly till she reached the waist of my PJ. She hooked her fingers in the waist and sliding her body back pulled the pajamas off me, sending it to join the sheet on the floor. She crawled back up and suddenly my bucking cock was in her soft, sweet mouth getting the happy treatment of its life. I moaned softly. I really wanted to let out the full force of appreciative pleasure sounds that were forcing their way up my throat, but somehow, though engulfed by so much pleasure, my young and inexperienced mind managed to remember the condition of the apartment, and be mindful of the neighbouring ears not far away from thin and cracked walls.

She licked my balls and took them into her mouth, sending a sweet pain through my body as she stretched the tender sac. As she sucked on my balls she held the cock with a firm grip in her soft palm and pumped it up and down, slowly. She licked and nibbled my inner thighs and hips, sending me wild with tickling sensations. I was breathing hard and jerking my hips when she dragged herself forward and straddled me. Taking hold of my cock and holding it upright, she placed it between her dripping pussy lips and pressed down sending my delighted cock on its first journey into a woman's body and into manhood. As I felt my cock nicely gripped and lodged in mom's pussy, I bravely gripped her two butt cheeks and thrust upward hard. She made a soft wincing sound, but when I looked up I could see she was smiling at me. She reached out a hand and gently stroked my cheek.

I felt her moving up and down on my hard cock as I tenderly massaged her hips and upper thighs. She next leaned forward a bit and taking my hands guided them to her lovely breasts. I gripped them firmly, sinking in my fingers, but kneaded them with care, thinking they must be very tender to the touch, like my balls were. She kept smiling at me as she worked her hips, rolling and jerking and dipping and grinding beautifully and agilely on my groin area, seemingly delighting in the fact that she had taken her baby into manhood and was giving him so much pleasure. I twirled her stiffened nipples between thumb and forefinger and she hissed softly and quickened her pussy jabbing. The old springs under the hardened coconut fiber mattress began to creak dangerously loud and she settled down to just slow grinding.

I felt my eruption nearing and began thrusting upward. She must have sensed it too, for she leaned over slightly to the side on one knee while raising the other bent foot and resting its sole flat on the mattress, providing several inches of distance between our bodies so I could jab upwards comfortably. I grabbed her hips and jabbed up into the open pussy vigorously, causing her to utter a 'shhh!' sound, because of the annoying, creaking springs, mindful of folks next door. I paid no heed to her cautionary whisper because I was now being ruled by the knocking orgasm. Fortunately, a couple of seconds after I exploded. At the first jerk and spurt, she, thoughtfully, placed her hand over my mouth to drown out uncontrollable pleasure sounds. I shook and jerked as her knees clamped my sides tight and her ass pressed down hard on my groin as I shot semen into her pussy.
