 I was in Birmingham, Alabama on assignment and had a Saturday to myself. I decided to travel around and visit some local flea markets and antique shops to see if I could find a bargain. Boy, did I!

I walked into a little backwoods shop off the beaten path. The blast of cool air from the air conditioning felt refreshing as I left the 95 degree heat. My eyes were immediately drawn to the lovely young woman behind the counter.

She flashed a bright smile. “Howdy, y’all! C’mon in!” she sang in a thick southern drawl.

My guess was she was home from college helping out with the family antique shop. She had long blonde hair wrapped around a thin face and fell across tan shoulders and down her back. She had a fit, athletic build. She reminded me of a tennis player. My guess was she was about 5’ 6” and something like 34C-25-34 frame. She was wearing a flowery, barely-there sundress with thin shoulder straps reaching down to a top that landed just above her pert breasts. The dress gathered at her waist with the hem stopping well shy of half thigh on long, luscious legs.

The store itself was small but clean and well organized. As I wondered around the lonely store she conversed with me. I’m sure she was happy to have someone in the store to talk to.

“Y’all from ‘round here?”

“No, I’m from Indiana. I’m just passing through on business.” Every time I rounded a corner she was leaned over wither arms resting on the counter top, giving me a clear view into the cleavage of the loose dress.

“Oh yeah? What’d y’all do?” Her eyes glistened while she sexily sucked on a lollypop. I couldn’t help but think about her lips wrapped around my lollypop.

“Oh, I have a printing company. I’m down here for a seminar and looking at some equipment.”

“Oooooo, a big shot, huh?” she giggled.

“Ha! Hardly,” I chuckled while I shook my head. I pointed at a set of crystal candle holders. “Is the price firm on these?” I asked.

She pulled the lollypop out with a pop. “Hmmmm, you plannin’ on puttin’ somethin’ long and stiff in ‘em?”

I laughed nervously. “Yeah, I s’pose.”

“Let me call Momma and see what I c’n do for y’all,” she said with a smile then picked up the phone. “Momma, I’ve got a cute li’l northern boy here askin’ ‘bout those candle stick holders. He wants ta see if y’all are stuck on that price. Mmmmhmmm, those ‘uns. No? Mmmmk.” She paused and giggled, then looked at me and nodded. “Mmmmhmmm, he sure is, Momma. Okay. I will. Love you, too, Momma.” She hung up the phone and looked at me. “Momma says the price is the price.” I’m sure she saw the look of my disappointment. “But...” She paused and took a long drag on her lollypop. “She said if y’all buy those and the box o’ candles next to ‘em I should show y’all my titties.” She stuck the lollypop back in her mouth.

My eyebrows nearly flew off my head. Did she say what I think she said? “Excuse me?”

The lollypop left her mouth with a pop again. “If y’all buy that stuff I’ll show ya my titties,” she said with a crooked smile. She started to molest her chest with the hand that wasn’t holding the sucker and tilted her head slightly. “Y’all ain’t gay are ya? Ya wanna see my titties don’tcha?” she cooed.

I watched her caress herself for a moment then looked down at the box of candles next to the crystal holders. It was a box of half a dozen stick candles that were a god awful shade of brown, something like you’d find in a baby’s diaper. I snatched everything up and quickly walked to the counter where I laid my haul on the glass countertop.

She giggled. “I thought ya might.” My eyes bounced between her grinning face and the tits she was about to reveal while she entered the sale into the computer. “What’s yer name, sweetie?” she asked while see stared at the computer screen.

“Huh? Oh! Uh, Mark. What’s yours?”

“I’m Avery.” She looked up from the computer into my eyes. “Cash or credit card, Mr. Mark.”

“Oh! Yeah, uh, credit.”

She swiped the card. While the transaction processed she wrapped my candlesticks up with care and placed everything into a Kroger’s plastic bag. A tiny stream of paper spit out from the credit card machine which she slid in front of me. “I need y’all ta sign this, please.” While I signed it another stream of paper spit out. “Receipt’s in the bag, Mr. Mark.” She turned and looked straight into my eyes. She reached up to the thin straps across her shoulders. “Ready, sweetie?”

I nodded my head. “Yes, ma’am.”

Avery giggled as she started to pull the strings down her arms. When they fell to her elbows she reached up and tucked her thumbs into the top of her dress. She paused. Her eyes sparkled in the light. My heart started to race when the top of the dress began to lower entirely too slowly.

Just as the hint of a pink areola emerged, she paused. She looked at me with a crooked grin. “I think y’all are goin’ to like yer purchase today.”

I smiled back at her. “I guess we’ll see, huh?”

With one slight tug, the top fell across her breasts, revealing an incredible pair of perky, round, and tan tits. The quarter-sized pink areolas wrapped around gumdrop-sized nipples. The cold air conditioning had them thick and hard. She could have hung Christmas ornaments from them. They were meant to be tweaked and sucked on. I wanted them in my mouth. Badly.

Avery let go of the top. It fell and gathered around her waist. She began to erotically massage her fleshy mounds and tugged at her excited nipples. My mouth went dry. My cock was so hard it nearly ripped through my khaki shorts.

She tilted her head and looked at me with her bedroom eyes while she groped herself. “What do ya think, Mark? Are ya happy y’all bought the candles?”

I couldn’t take my eyes off her. “I’m not unhappy.”

I reached across the counter and took a globe into my hand. I watched a smile spread across her face when I began to gently squeeze it between my fingers.

“Mmmmmm,” she moaned. “I didn’t say nothin’ ‘bout y’all touchin’ ‘em,” she purred.

“So stop me,” I said quietly, knowing she wouldn’t. She gasped when I pinched and tugged on an erect nipple.

“Mmmmhmmmm, well, I guess it won’t hurt nothin’,” she said with a twinkle in her eye.

I reached across with my other hand and took both fleshy mounds into my hands. They were warm and soft. They felt good in my hands, like they were made to be fondled. She occasionally closed her eyes and quietly moaned while I groped her. It wasn’t long before she noticed the large bulge in my pants.

“Hmmmmm, Mr. Mark, it looks like y’all got quite the li’l bump there in yer pants.”

I glanced down and then back into her glistening eyes. “I prefer to think of it as unusually large, not little.”

Avery giggled. “Fair ‘nough.” She paused then nodded in it’s direction. “Let’s see how ‘unusually large’ it is.”

I released her from my grip and unbuttoned my Hawaiian shirt. She bit her bottom lip without even thinking about it when she saw my ripped abs. I watched her eyes follow my zipper as it slid down. My pants fell to the floor. The head of my 10” cock was just below the waist band of my boxers. I grabbed the elastic and started to tug. I paused and looked into her mesmerized face.

“I think you’ll be happy I made the purchase today,” I said with a smile, mocking her earlier statement.

A smile crossed her face. “I guess we’ll see, huh?”

One tug allowed the thick purple head to sneak out. Her eyes grew. I pulled my briefs lower, revealing a good chunk of my meaty shaft. Her eyes grew bigger. She bit the bottom of her lip. She stood up on her tip toes and leaned over the counter. Another tug and the beast jumped from its cage. Her mouth flew open and she gasped. My briefs dropped to the floor. I picked up my clothes and placed them on top of the counter. I grabbed my throbbing shaft and shook it at her.

She fell back to her side of the counter. Her eyes darted back and forth between my face and the little head staring back at her. “Holy shit on a shingle! That...that...that’s the biggest fuckin’ cock I’ve ever seen!”

I laughed. “Wanna touch it?”

A sly grin crossed her face. “Ya mean stroke it? Y’all want me to give ya a hand job, right?”

I shrugged me shoulders and smiled. “Well, I wouldn’t say no to a hand job.”

Avery stood there with her dress hanging at her waist. Her eyes twinkled. “Lookee here, Mr. Mark. Ain’t nothin’ in this store free. Everythin’ costs somethin’.”

I looked her up and down. “Oh yeah?” I nodded in her direction. “So, how much for the dress?”

The question caught her off guard. “This dress?! The one I’m wearin’?!” I nodded my head. She was smiling again. “Hmmmmm...make me an offer. How much’ll ya give me fer it?”

My hand rubbed my chin. “$50. I’ll give you $50 for it.”

She looked down at her flowery dress. “Hmmmm, I dunno. I like this dress,” she said with a huge grin.

“Okay, $75. I’ll give you $75 for it.”

“Okay, Mr. Mark, y’all just bought yourself a dress.”

She tugged at the waist and slipped the dress down her long, tan legs. She lifted one leg, then the other out of it and laid it in a crumpled pile on the counter. All she had left was a little yellow thong and a pair of pink flip flops.

“Whatcha gonna do with it?” she asked.

I thought about it and shrugged my shoulders. “I dunno. Probably jerk off into it back at the hotel while I think about you and that incredible body.”

She stepped back from the counter and put her hands on her hips. She looked down at herself while she swiveled at her hips. “Awwww, gee, thanks! You’re sweet.”

“Now, let’s talk about that hand job,” I said while I gently tugged on myself.

“Hmmmmm,” she said while she stared at my beast and rubbed her chin. “How ‘bout $50?”

“$50?” I was totally okay with $50, but I’m a haggler. “I can get a blowjob downtown for $50.”

“Well, sweetie, we ain’t downtown, are we?”

I said I was a haggler, just not a good one. “$50, you’ve got a deal.”

“Come on ‘round here so I can do a proper job,” she said, motioning me to come behind the counter.

My rock hard pole bounced while it led me around and behind the counter. Avery licked her lips and watched it wave as it came closer. I was finally standing in front of her and looking down at her nearly naked body. It was divine! There wasn’t a tan line or hint of fat anywhere to be found.

She smiled up at me before she slowly reached out. A shiver ran up my spine at her first touch. Her hand was warm and soft. Her long fingers wrapped around my shaft. It was like it was made to fit in her hand. She felt my life force pulse through its mighty veins that wrapped its thick shaft.

“Wow,” she whispered in disbelief. She wrapped her other hand around it and started to gently stroke it. She leaned over and dropped two long streams of saliva onto it. She rubbed it all around and started to stroke it with a firmer grip.

I palmed a mound of flesh in my hand and began to kneed it, bringing a slight sigh at the first touch. She squealed the first time I tweaked and twisted her erect nipple. I noticed the little triangle of material covering her little slice of heaven had changed from a bright yellow to a dull yellow with moisture. She jumped at the first touch of my hand to her taught stomach. I slid it further south until it slid under the tiny strip of material.

“Hey now, that ain’t part o’ the deal, Mark,” she sighed.

“Since it’s intended to provide you pleasure, consider it a tip. I’m not even going to charge you for it,” I said quietly. We both chuckled.

Her body shivered and she gave a loud gasp when I flicked at her clit that was standing straight up. The stroking on my cock came to a momentary halt when I touched her swollen cunt lips. She closed her eyes and held her breath knowing what was coming next. She yelped and rose onto the balls of her feet when I slipped a beefy finger into her soaked slit knuckle deep.

The stroking of my hot rod resumed while I matched the rhythm with my finger poking into her welcoming gash.

This went on for several minutes until I pulled my finger from her snatch. I held it up to the light. It glistened with her juices.

She stopped her stroking. “Hey! Why’d ya stop?”

I pressed my finger to her lips. She opened her mouth and sucked her juices off of it. “The thong. How much?”

She looked confused. “Huh?”

Her sexual haze amused me. “The thong. I want to buy it. How much?”

She snapped back to reality. “Oh! Uh, well, let’s see, y’all paid $75 for the dress. How ‘bout $25?”

“$25?! C’mon. There’s barely anything there. I’ll give you $15 for it.”

“Deal,” she said as she peeled the soaked panties off and handed them to me with a smile.

I laid the soiled material on top of the dress. I reached behind me and pulled out one of the baby poop colored candlesticks from its box. I held up to her. She had a confused look on her face.

“I want you to to fuck this. I want you to fuck this like you’d fuck my cock,” I said with an evil sneer.

“What?!” I held the candlestick out to her. “Ohhhh, you’re a naughty boy, Mr. Mark,” she said sexily. She snatched the wax stick from my hand and smiled a wicked smile. “Okay, I’ll do it. But it’s gonna cost ya.”

I chuckled. “I figured. How much?”

She stared at the candle. “Hmmmmm, that’s pretty twisted,” she giggled. “$125?”

I thought about it. “I’ll tell you what. $125 if you let me record it on my phone.”

She laughed. “Oh my! You are a naughty one, aren’t ya, Mr. Mark? Y’all gonna watch it later while you jerk off into my dress?”

I smiled. “Maybe.”

She stepped back and slid onto a desk against the wall. She slid back until her back was against the wall. She lifted her legs until both feet were on top of the desk as well. She parted her legs and revealed a shiny, puffy, bald pussy. She gave me the sexiest look I had ever seen and slid her hand between her legs. She closed her eyes and moaned at her own touch as she petted her pussy.

She finally pulled her hand away and grabbed the candle. She looked at it and back at me with a sexy grin. She slid the long wax pole between her legs. She bit her bottom lip while she rubbed the fat base against her swollen cunt lips. She bit her bottom lip a little harder and pressed the wax against her. She closed her eyes and gasped when it slipped through her slit with ease. She pushed and pushed. Three inches. Four inches. Five inches. In a matter of seconds half of the 12” candle had disappeared inside her. I watched intently as she passed eight inches. She pressed until there was just enough candle left exposed to grip, all the while keeping her eyes closed in concentration.

She paused and caught her breath. She opened her eyes and looked at me with those fuck-me eyes. Without saying a word, she began to slide the wax phallus in and out of her body while I recorded the event and slowly stroked myself. Soon she was sliding it in and out with more gusto. She reached between her legs with the hand that had been groping her own tits and began to flick at her own clit. Her eyes closed and her ass began to squirm on the desk. Her moans got louder with each pump of the candle.

Suddenly, her self pleasuring was halted with my words, “Hang on, hold up there a minute.”

Her eyes snapped open. “What?!” she asked in a sexually annoyed tone. I was standing in front of her holding another candle with one hand, my phone in the other, and a wicked look on my face.

I nodded at her crotch. “Put that one in your ass and this one in your cunt.”

A devilish grin crossed her face. “Oh my! Aren’t you a naughty li’l boy?” She stared up at me. “Okay. What’s it worth to ya?”

I shook my head. “Nuh huh. You’re getting as much out of this as I am.” I had a thought. “Tell you what. I’ll give you $50 if you let me shove it up your ass.”

Avery slowly pulled the insertion from her body and handed it to me. “Okay, but be nice. It’s been awhile since I had somethin’ up there,” she said with a half worried look.

I handed her the new candle and she slid down the desk a little. Her puckered little brown hole was now quite clearly winking at me. I touched the once dull candle that was now glistening with her own juices to her rosebud.

She grabbed my wrist. “Wait! Wait. Gimme a sec.” She closed her eyes and took several deep breathes. I felt her ass loosen against the tip of the candle. “Okay,” she whispered, keeping her eyes closed.

I pressed against her rosebud. She gave a light gasp when the fat tip slipped through her gate. I pressed forward. Two inches slid in while she moaned. Her fists clenched while two more inches disappeared. Half of the 12” candle disappeared with her palms pressing against the table. I stopped there, at least for the moment.

She took several more deep breathes before she opened her eyes and looked at me with a self-satisfied look on her face. Without a word, she looked down at her sparkling slit and touched the new candle to it. Just as before, it slipped through her swollen gates while my phone recorded everything.

The candle slipped into her much quicker but just as deep as the first time. Soon both candles were churning inside her. With each pump I slipped just a little more candle into her ass. Soon she had taken all but the last two inches of the wax torch into her bunghole.

In a few short moments, her eyes were closed while she was squirming on the desktop and whirring like a top.

I leaned down and whispered in her ear, “You’re thinking about me, aren’t you? You’re thinking about me fucking you, aren’t you?”

With her eyes still closed she moaned, “Yes! Yes!”

A smile raced across my face. “Tell me what you’re thinking? Are you thinking about my cock buried in your slut cunt?”

The candles began to slide in and out of her holes faster and harder.

“Yes! Oh gawd yes! I’m thinkin’ ‘bout that fat cock of yours fuckin’ my slutty li’l cunt! Mmmmmmhmmmmm, harder and harder!”

I jammed the candle up her ass and started to stroke my pounding member. She was slamming the wax stick into her glory hole with force while she molested her own tits.

Her eyes stayed closed and her back started to arch. “Oh gawd! You’re...you’re...you’re fuckin’ me so hard with that fat cock! You’re...mmmmmm gawd! You’re gonna make me cum!”

“Show me how you cum,” I growled. “So me how a little southern slut cums.”

Her body tightened. “Oh gawd! Oh shit! Cummin’! Cummin’! Oh shiiiiiiit!”

I watched her body jerk as the fireworks of her orgasm shot through her body. She continued to jam the candle into her candle holder and curse my fat cock while I jerked myself a little harder and faster.

The burst of energy that was running through her body finally started to slow. “Oh gawd,” she panted. “Oh gawd. Oh ma fuckin’ gawd.” The candle in her slit fell to the ground while the one in her ass stayed put. I moved around and slid between her still raised legs. Her eyes shot open.

“Hey! Whatcha all doin’?! Just because I dreamt about that fat...” She looked down at the cock sliding between her legs and smiled. “Mmmmm, that fat...fuckin’ cock o’ yours don’t mean y’all are gettin’ ta fuck me.”

I slapped my stick on the top of her still quivering cunt. It was a direct hit on her excited clit. She yelped.

“Who said anything about fuckin’ you?” I grabbed the hand that was gently rubbing her tits and placed it on top of my thumping meat. I pressed down on her hand and started to slowly pump my hips. Each movement dragged the bottom of my rod across her vibrating clit. “You owe me for a hand job. A good hand job.”

She pressed harder on my pushing rod, which only pushed it harder onto her sweet spot.

Her eyes closed briefly. “Mmmmmm, fuck. If y’all keep doin’ that you’re gonna make me cum again,” she cooed.

“If I keep doing this I’m gonna make myself cum,” I muttered.

She started to grind into my tool now. “Mmmmm, is that right? You gonna cum, huh?” She gasped and closed her eyes again. She was climbing towards another climax. “You...you...(gasp)...y’all gonna cum for this southern slut, hmmm?”
