 Just a little flash story for the Summer Lovin' event. After proofreading it became apparent that the clichés had hijacked the story.

This is my fiftieth story. Some seem to be popular, and then there are the others. Regardless of the outcome, I've enjoyed attempting to entertain. To my supporters, a big Thank You.

Please read my profile for my stance on comments. Feel free to email suggestions or to start a conversation. Private messages work too.

Martin Quittenton / Roderick Stewart: "All you did was wreck my bed, and in the morning, kick me in the head."

+ + + +

Geoff's hands slid under Mallory's blouse and squeezed her bra covered twins. She wiggled her bottom into his slacks covered hardness. With a swift move, he pushed her bra, and her blouse, skyward. Her arms moved to signal a touchdown, and her upper torso clothing flew onto the floor.

Spinning around, Mallory quickly unbuckled and unzipped Geoff's slacks. With no help from Geoff, Mallory sank to her knees as his clothing slid to his ankles. Wasting no time, Mallory's mouth engulfed Geoff's pre-cum dripping cock. After a minute of preparation, Mallory stood and pushed her panties down. As with all of her outfits, Mallory wore matching panties. Kind of a quirk with her.

With her glistening pussy inviting him, Geoff impaled her cunt. Bracing herself against his desk, Geoff was no match for her tight pussy. His average, at best, cock emptied its sticky seed after only two minutes.

Throughout the whole episode, neither had uttered a sound, until it was over.

"Damn woman, your pussy is so fucking tight."

"I do exercises to make it like that. You like?"

"DUH!"

Mallory continued "I hope this holds you until we get together this weekend."

"Maybe it will, maybe not. You be ready just in case."

Mallory is my wife of seven years, and unfortunately, I'm not Geoff. My name is Kent and Geoff is her boss.

I shut the lid on my notebook computer. This was just the latest in a series of videos my private investigator, Jerome, had managed to get.

+ + + +

It was at the company picnic, the weekend of the fourth, that I first suspected hanky panky between the two. It was one of those quick peeks, when they thought I was out of sight that alerted me.

The event was held in a mountain park and the volleyball area was somewhat secluded. I'm not really into sports, so I had stayed with the throng as Mallory went to play. As the volleyball game participants began to make their way back, Mallory was slow to appear. Thinking that something might be wrong, I headed towards the net. They were the last two to leave, and never saw me.

Geoff's hand casually brushed Mallory's t-shirt covered sports bra. A moment later, Mallory's hand casually brushed the front of Geoff's cargo shorts.

Infidelity is a game stopper for me. What I saw was completely unacceptable and I intended to find out if this was a one off event. The way they looked at each other, I doubted it.

The following Monday, I enlisted the services of one Jerome Lankins, private investigator. He was inexpensive, mostly due to his tender age. He was fresh out of high school, but handled himself very professionally. If Mallory's affair was real, even if Jerome was inept, I could still hire a real investigator.

Life threw me a curveball. I was offered, and accepted without even consulting Mallory, a promotion. The kicker was that I'd have to relocate. Being torn, as to when to tell Mallory about my promotion, I became quiet and withdrawn at home.

"Babe, you okay? You've been really quiet all week."

"Just a lot on my mind."

"You know we haven't done the dirty since before the company picnic. What you doing tonight big boy?"

Decision time. If he's got a STD, and my guess about Mallory's affair is real, I'm already infected. I might as well enjoy the sex. Mallory warmed me up with a very nice blow job, but stopped short of getting me off. She hinted that she wanted oral sex, but I pushed her legs apart and speared her juicy twat. Normally I'd pace myself, but that night I got myself off quickly.

Mallory seemed ready for me to get her off, but I got up to use the toilet. When I returned, I kissed her goodnight, climbed into bed, and fell asleep. When I awoke, to the morning alarm, I saw that Mallory's vibrator was on the night stand. It brought a smile to my face.

+ + + +

The job disclosure wasn't a knock down drag out event, but close. It hadn't take long for Jerome to confirm my suspicions. Mallory and Geoff were having an affair.

We had just cleared the table, from delivered Chinese food, when I sprang the news.

"Mallory, I was offered a promotion, at the home office, and I accepted it. I need to report to my new position in four weeks."

"What do you mean you accepted it?"

"Do I need to say it slower for you? I; accepted; the; promotion."

"This is the kind of decision that WE should have made together. I love my job. I thought we were a team and did things together?"

The hypocrisy of her statements made me snicker.

Almost shouting "What's so FUCKING FUNNY?"

"You make what, a third of what I do, and I'm supposed to turn down an offer that will make it more like five to one? Are you the stereotype dumb blond?"

"That's not the point. You needed to discuss this with me."

"Sorry, but MY career choices aren't subject to your approval. What do you do with your paycheck? Let me tell you. You put it into your own checking account. Do you help with the bills? NO! Do you spend ALL of your paycheck on yourself? YES. You can find something equivalent to your current shit job when we move."

Tears and stomping feet fled down the hall. No nookie for me tonight.

Jerome reported that the lovers were busier than usual after that. I set about getting ready to move. The house went up for sale, and the movers were hired. Unbeknown to Mallory, her belongings wouldn't be joining mine. I had no intention of taking her with me.

+ + + +

As summer was winding down, I suggested we have a party, to celebrate our time in this house. We would also use it as a final farewell to our local friends. Mallory thought it was a great idea and immediately started a guest list. It didn't take much prodding for Mallory to invite her boss and his wife. When the guest list was ready I added her parents and sister. Her brother was out of state so he was excused.

I went overboard with the catered party. Lights, balloons, party favors, you name it, I paid for it. The rented tables and chairs filled the back yard. Party goers started showing up mid-afternoon, and we lucked into one of the calmest weather days of summer.

Jerome, the investigator who'd done such a great job for me, provided lapel buttons for each of the guests to wear. All were numbered and the guests were led to believe that the purpose of the buttons was for door prizes. To sell that point, I gave away several bottles of wine to many of the lucky guests. The real reason for the buttons was that two of them were equipped with tiny transmitters. Jerome would sit in his van, parked near my driveway, and monitor the conversations of Mallory and Geoff. They were the lucky recipients of the two equipped with tiny transmitters.

Why bother with all of this? Jerome had uncovered not only the affair between Mallory and Geoff, but also that they liked to play games when together. He has her remove her panties and he keeps them. All I needed was to know when Mallory had gone commando, so I could embark on making her life a living hell.

Geoff was an arrogant buffoon and his wife, Kendall, was known to be one ruthless bitch when provoked. She's a substantial stockholder and sits on the board of directors with Geoff.

Throughout the afternoon, and early into the evening, the drinks flowed. I had gone all out to offer our guests more food than normal. We had burgers, brauts, chicken, vegan patties, and six different types of salads. For desert, there was a chocolate fountain, cheesecake, cookies, and brownies. The open bar was expensive, but made the atmosphere lively.

It had been a long time since I openly flirted, but after an hour of drinking, I was enjoying the back and forth banter. Some of my neighbors seemed confused with my new attitude. A couple unattached ladies, from my current job, were eagerly flirting back. It was a real boost to my badly damaged psyche.

Mallory was soaking up all the adoration for putting on such a great party. Little did she know.

Some think that a man should shy away from disclosing that his wife was a round heeled slut. It didn't bother me. After analyzing the level of deceit and planning they had done to keep me clueless, having friends and family discover her true character was worth it.

Jerome sent a text that I could proceed. I picked up a spoon and my wine goblet. The clinking sound soon had the guests gathered and quiet.

"Mallory, would you join me over here?"

She was grinning and flirting as she made her way next to my side. Wearing a knee length billowing yellow sundress and white tennis shoes, her tanned and shapely legs were on display.

"I just wanted to show all of you how smartly dressed Mallory is today. You should see the matching sexy panties she's wearing."

There were a few gasps and snickers but the guests stayed calm. Mallory gave me a confused and concerned look. I quickly reached down and pulled her dress up to her face, exposing what should have been panties. There were cat-calls and sound bites of 'Holy shit' and 'Damnnnnn'.

Grabbing the fabric, and trying to modestly cover up "Kent, what in the hell are you doing? This isn't funny!"

"Oops, my bad. I thought you were wearing panties. Oh wait, you were. Where did they go Mallory?"

The look Mallory gave me was completely devoid of love. I squeezed her wrist so hard she was unable to break free "LET ME GO!"

"I know where they are. Geoff, would you please give Mallory her panties back."

Geoff shot back "Is this some kind of sick joke?"

I glared at him "Empty your pockets Geoff."

"I don't need to take this shit."

Before Geoff could move, Kendall bore down on him with a mission "EMPTY YOUR POCKETS!"

Geoff froze, looking at no one and nothing in particular.

Kendall was red faced and screaming "I SAID EMPTY YOUR FUCKING POCKETS!"

Mallory was digging her nails into my wrist trying to free herself. I twisted her arm behind her back. She got the hint and ceased resisting.

"Kent, please, not here, not now."

"Shut up slut."

While Geoff and Kendall continued their standoff I piled on "Seems like Geoff and Mallory have been getting together for things other than work. She's been working very hard. Working to get his cock into her cheating cunt as often as Geoff wanted. I've got envelopes for everyone here today. Mallory played all of you. She was never that sweet loving person she portrayed. Yes, we have sold this place but, no, she won't be relocating with me. I'm sure a slut like her will have no problems swindling another fool."

Geoff tried the macho routine. He stood up and started yelling back at Kendall. When he grabbed Kendall, two of my neighbors, seated nearby, each grabbed one of Geoff's arms. Kendall took the opportunity to reach into the pockets of his slacks and pull out a pair of panties.

"DO NOT COME HOME" Kendall hissed at Geoff.

Taking a few quick steps towards us, Kendall grabbed a handful of Mallory's hair and yanked it towards her. Mallory screamed in pain as Kendall stuffed the matching yellow panties into her mouth.

"Here's your fucking panties slut. You are FIRED! Don't bother coming in to pick up your shit."

Jerome was busy handing out the envelopes to the guests. Kendall grabbed one and left in a hurry. I freed Mallory and pushed her away from me.

"Best get upstairs and finish packing dear. By the way, all joint accounts have been closed or frozen. Have your attorney get with mine."

Jerome gave directions to a man carrying a package. He approached Mallory.

"Mallory Martin, you have been served."

As you might expect, Mallory was being consoled by her mother. Not so much by her father and sister, as they were off to the side having their own little chat. His look was that of disgust. Mommy and slut shut themselves in the bedroom. My stuff was already packed and loaded in the moving van, or the back of my car.

I got several high-fives from my neighbors, and a few of Mallory's former co-workers. There was no reason to lock up, as my soon to be ex could handle that. The caterers were amused at the fireworks. They called about midnight to tell me everything had been cleaned up.

+ + + +

Epilogue:

With the knowledge of the affair in the open, I had no leverage when Mallory's attorney fought for generous alimony. I guess it could have gone better, but it certainly could have gone worse. For the next two years, I have to pay Mallory a sum equal to her salary at the time of the filing. Getting rid of a slut was worth it. Mallory begged for forgiveness, and to call off the divorce. I said NO, over the phone. I said NO, via email. I said NO, in person. How can you fuck your spouse over and then ask for a do-over? I just don't understand it. When the final decree was entered, it was more a sense of relief than any other emotion.

My time at the home office advanced my career more than I expected. Several of the regional managers were approaching retirement, and I was fast tracked to take over one of those positions. Having no fraternization restrictions, on dating someone OUTSIDE of my chain of command, my nights and weekends were filled with erotic delights. It will be sometime before I'm interested in a serious relationship.

I'm not sure why, but I still get birthday and holiday greeting cards from Mallory.

Geoff didn't fare so well. Kendall succeeded in getting him removed from the board of directors. He was demoted, to the mail room, and soon thereafter resigned. I don't have the details of their divorce, but I learned that Geoff is living in an apartment. Kendall is still living in their mansion. It always amazes me what people are willing to risk for some sex.

Several months after I'd left, my ex father in law called and reamed me about the departing party. I apologized, to a point, but refused to distance myself from my actions. He tells me that Mallory is a changed person, after the therapy sessions he paid for. What could I say? Good for her, I hope she finds something she can hold dear to her heart. I certainly wasn't it.