 (Though my stories are standalone, they’re all somewhat related. For a complete list of chronology, refer to my profile info.)

*

Ever since that night I brought my wife Bonnie’s baby sister Kaitlyn into our depraved sexual lifestyle, Bonnie has been careful about my contact with her. I mean, her sister and I never furthered our contact anyways, despite the fact they continued their relationship like before. I don’t know whether it was simply her protectiveness of her baby sister or the fact she may be jealous and even afraid I might actually cheat on her. Much like most of you, of course I had hoped for another 3 way romp with her tender juicy younger half. However, after a while I realized that was never going to happen again.

So you can imagine why my wife was a little worried when Kaitlyn came to visit us one weekend in the city and she was too busy at work to greet her. Knowing I would be alone with her, Bonnie insisted I take her out around town in public rather than being alone in our cozy love nest where I made a fuck sandwich out of them the last time she visited. I would never cheat on Bonnie obviously, but I respected her wish and didn’t want her to worry one bit.

I took Kaitlyn shopping and site seeing under the lights of our sincity. It was a chilly autumn and much like before, she dressed like a teenager with ripped jeans and a denim jacket. She even wore a beanie and had a light scarf around her neck. I hated the city during the weekends because it was loud and crowded everywhere. Not surprisingly, Kaitlyn loved every minute of it as she was from the suburbs. After we were tired from all the walking around, Kaitlyn blurted right out she wanted a drink. Again, she was still expressing that childish entitled spoiled attitude. Taking her to a bar or club would probably freak my wife out, so instead I settled for a local Irish tavern.

We had a little chat as the alcohol warmed her up to me. No, we never talked about that raunchy night from her last visit. However, I was just glad she was not awkward around me. Since she was much shorter and smaller than my wife, it was not surprising that she was an even lighter drinker. With only a few pints of beer, she was tipsy and extremely flirty like a young college girl. She would rub my thigh as she joked, bit her lips while she stared at me. At one point I was actually wondering if Bonnie set me up. Perhaps she wanted to test me? Or perhaps she simply wanted to tease me and make my cock ache?

Soon I could not hide the bulge forming in my pants from all the sexual advances of my sister-in-law that I decided the night was done. No, not what you are thinking. I would not cheat on my wife. I honestly was done with the evening and was going to take her home to sleep it off. I figured that if Bonnie indeed was setting me up, she would greet me at home and tease me some more. After all, her teasing had always been for the purpose of driving me insanely horny so I would punish her cunt. Yes, of course I had thought and hoped maybe she wanted another kinky night of fuckfest with her sister. 

We took the subway home and it was more crowded than usual. I stood in the corner near the subway door facing the window with Kaitlyn’s back against my chest. Though she had both her hands up holding the handles, she was tipsy and the rocking of the train cart made her wobble on her feet. I was only holding one handle and with my other hand, held her in place by the waist. Whether intentional or it was just all the rocking, her hips kept rubbing against my throbbing cock and it was driving me nuts. The tease was just way too much and without me knowing, my hand involuntarily moved up until it cupped her breast and started groping her. She let out a soft gasp with each squeeze and pushed back harder against my body. It was the most uncomfortable moment of my life, being teased on a public train packed with passengers.

Nobody noticed with all the noise and the subway bumping and rocking. I snapped out of this sexual trance when the subway grinded to a halt at the next station. Few got off, but even more packed in. Since we were standing near the door, the sudden quick influx of passengers forced me back deeper into the cabin and separated me from Kaitlyn. A little worried, I looked over and saw that she was still there in place, holding the two handles surrounded by people. I was both disappointed because I was so horny and relieved that I was spared from the teasing.

I just stood there waiting like everyone else; occasionally looking over to make sure she didn’t keel over and throw up or something. However, at one point I looked over, I realized her head was tilting back and her mouth was wide open. Confused, I took a closer look and from the reflection in the window, I noticed her jacket was open and her sweater was pulled up. There was visibly a guy’s head at her chest, probably sucking and fondling her tits! 

At first I was worried and a sudden anger came over me that someone was molesting my sister-in-law. However, it was soon suppressed by my horny desires and I was stuck with the dilemma. It is funny how your body can manipulate you. My body had me convinced the cock tease whore of a sister-in-law deserved it. As I watched, I noticed the head slipping down lower and then I could clearly see her bare tits reflecting off the window. She was heavily panting at that point and I knew that guy was having some fun between her legs.

Surprisingly again, nobody else noticed. This only went on for a short moment before I realized that her arms were weakening. She was about to cum and lose her grip on the handles. That was when a shocking fear ran over me as I watched two other guys around her put their hands on her hands over the handle to keep her upright. For the first time I noticed she was surrounded by a group of young men. 

The subway came to a halt at the next stop and I immediately pushed forward to intervene. However, the men put her arms around their shoulders and rushed out immediately. When I tried to reach them, the new passengers coming on board pushed me back again. Frantic, I pushed and shoved as several passengers gave me dirty stares. Soon the subway ran off with me on board and I watched the men walked away with her around the corner and up the stairs.

I was in absolute panic! What was going to happen to her? This was the kind of thing you read in the newspaper about crimes in the city. My heart was racing and pounding so fast I thought I was going to have a heart attack. At the next stop, I managed to squeeze out of the train. Panicking and frantic, I looked around and rushed out to the street. I figured that because of the overcrowding on the train, I had a better chance on foot. Calling for a taxi was completely out of the question as the roads were in a gridlock.

I ran towards the previous subway station in a panic. I called her phone but as expected, no one picked up. I had thought of calling the cops but wasn’t sure it was at that point yet. I didn’t want to create a scene if there wasn’t one. You’re probably thinking that was a bad move, right? You’re probably right, but my mind was going insane and I could not think straight. When I finally reached the previous station, I stood there like a lost tourist in the city, spinning around and wondering what to do or where to go next.

When I finally calmed down, I thought to myself, “Where would a bunch of horny young men with a drunken girl go in a busy city?”

Public restrooms were out of the question and neither were hotels, they wouldn’t risk it. I concluded it would probably be a remote area somewhere. It would dark, but still have some sort of light for them to see. I took a guess and went towards a darker and less crowded area of the street. As I headed over there, I saw a construction area for a new building. There was dark alley way near the construction with only a dim yellow light. It was as close to my guess as possible so I crept in with my heart pounding.

It was that moment where you wish this was it and you found her but at the same time you wish she wasn’t there because you were afraid of what you would find. With a chilling feeling running down my spine, I heard some voices as I approached. There were 5 men surrounding Kaitlyn’s half naked body. It looked like she was still conscious but completely drunk. They passed her around to each other as each guy copped a feel of her innocent young flesh. I was raging mad and was about to charge in like a knight on a white horse when I realized I was completely outnumbered 5 to 1.

What was I suppose to do? Take them all on? This was the city! And I was not some Steven Segal or Jean Claude Van Dam. So, I decided to do the wimpy thing, but the right thing—calling the cops. Except there was just one problem, my aching swollen cock would not let me. I tried, I honestly tried. However, the night of her teasing from the bar to the train, I was ragingly horny as I watched these savages passed her around like a cheap city prostitute.

They were jeering at her and commenting on what a lovely slut she was. Eventually they all closed in and just ran their hands all over her, like she was snatched up by an octopus. Someone would always be grabbing her face and shoving their tongue down her throat during the ordeal. Though drunk, she was still somewhat coherent and consciously aware. She tried her best to pry their hands off, mumbling in drunken slurs to leave her alone. 

Eventually she collapsed limply to her knees and without hesitation, the 5 men pulled out their cocks. They started slapping her face with them before someone grabbed her head and shoved his cock into her mouth. However, disappointedly he shouted out to the others, “Man, the bitch is so drunk she ain’t sucking. This is lame!”

Another man tried with no success. Finally, the 3rd guy just held her head back and started ramming down into her throat while she gagged. The penetration of her throat brought her consciousness back and she tried to push him off. He started thrusting and commenting to the others, “AAwweee yeah... that’s how you treat a $10 whore, make her throat do all the work, man!”

While he throat fucked the poor thing, two other guys would grab her hands and stroke their own cocks with them. The 5 of them would take turns, fighting over her throat and hands while she knelt there like a limp doll in tears. While she was being sexually devoured by hungry animals, I couldn’t help but took out my own cock and stroked while I watched. They made her their throat bitch for a good 10-15 minutes before one of the guys had enough and stripped off whatever clothing she had left.

A big guy then grabbed her by her small waist and sat on the ground. Then slowly he slid her onto his cock facing away in reverse cow girl and started mercilessly pumping that cunt. It was a gorgeous sight watching her tiny petite body impaled on his huge cock. As he pumped her, she was visibly crying but moaning as well to the rhythm of his forceful thrusts. Then another man moved in and started fucking her pretty mouth again only to be disappointed and called out to his friends, “This is getting weak! She’s still not sucking! Bitch so drunk she’s half asleep!”

The big guy fucking her then stopped and while holding her still on his cock, he reached over and rubbed her clit hard like a vibrator. Kaitlyn started moaning uncontrollably on the cock in her mouth before I realized her cheeks started to depress and her succulent lips started sucking. The one fucking her mouth delightedly commented to her, “That’s it... now the bitch is into it! Come on, suck daddy’s cock.”

Two other guys immediately made her stroke their stiff cocks and the big man started up again fucking that squishy cunt. While the men took turn with her moaning face, the guy fucking her eventually pulled her up and shot his gooey cum all over her naked body from her firm tummy to her delicious tits. Before she could rest, another guy pushed her to the ground on her back and pressed her ankles to each side of her face, fucking her spread wide open. She was moaning in screams as he pummeled her, but it was clear she was still sobbing in tears. As he fucked her relentlessly, he looked down and spat on her half awaken face, taunting her, “Shit bitch, you never had it so good! Come on! You love it and you know it!”

Kaitlyn just kept moaning and grunting incoherently until suddenly her body tensed up and she screamed in delight. Her orgasm was too much for the 2nd guy to bear and he popped his gunk all over her face after a few more hard fast thrusts. With a satisfied look, he joined the 1st guy for a smoke as another man approached her ravaged body. This 3rd guy wanted to fuck her on all fours but it was just not going to happen because she was so limp that her arms were not going to support her body. He was disappointed until a bright idea hit him. Taking her scarf, he tied it around her neck and then used it like a leash as he banged her on her knees. He fucked her hard and with each shove, he jerked the scarf making her respond in grunts, “Ah... ah... ah...”

One of the other guys couldn’t wait and immediately grabbed that open mouth and abused it to his delight. They double-fucked her in unison until her body started spazing violently out of control. Like before, the guy fucking her couldn’t resist her sensual orgasmic moans, he pulled out and sprayed all over her back, shoulder, and ass. Before the guy fucking her mouth could take his turn, the final guy immediately moved in. He grabbed her round voluptuous ass and stuffed his cock slowly into her tight sphincter. She let out a slow deep moan on the rod in her mouth as her ass was penetrated. Then like the previous guy, he grabbed the scarf like a leash and rode the helpless bitch like a steed.

This last guy was a bit of a freak. He fucked her so hard that he was pulling tightly on the scarf until she was pulled up by her throat and they both fell backwards. I was a little scared at the sight because it literally looked like she was being strangled by the scarf. Then with his cock still in her anus, he pummeled her in reverse cowgirl. The guy that had his cock in her mouth then took the opportunity to punish her soaking cunt. They double pumped her in coordination, stuffing both meats in and out at the same time while she whimpered and choked on the scarf around her neck. They didn’t pull out when the time came and gave her a messy double cream pie.

The five of them quickly zipped up, ran through her stuff, and then walked off in the other direction, laughing and chatting away. I was about to explode my load when the last pair came, but when they zipped up to leave, I panicked and zipped up as well. After I was sure they were gone, I slowly crept up to my Kaitlyn’s ravaged cum covered body.

Her scarf was tied around her neck pretty tightly and she looked like she passed out. Her body was covered in cum from head to toe and front to back, even in her ears and all over her hair. Though she was not physically harmed, there were visible grab marks across her arms and legs. I did my best to clean her up and put her clothes back on, all the while thinking to myself, “Shit... I’m going to get it when Bonnie finds out...”

After gathering her stuff, I noticed all her cash was gone but they left her phone and her credit cards. These must be just a bunch of juvenile punks, who had a fuckfest with this innocent drunk girl and then just took off with her cash. When she came to, I put her arm around my shoulder and walked her out of there as her feet still tripped and tumbled from the alcohol. 

I was absolutely freaked out and frozen in fear when my wife called at that exact moment. I was so scared I couldn’t pick up the phone. So she texted me and told me she was home and wondering where we were. I texted back and lied about the bad reception and told her the overcrowding of the city was stalling our return. She replied, “Ok, come home soon and take care of my baby sister!”

I had hoped to rush back home first before Bonnie and put Kaitlyn in the shower, but that was out of the question. With no options left, I took her to a nearby dirty love motel and paid for 30 mins. With Kaitlyn leaning over my shoulder dead drunk, we came off as nothing but just another usual customer to the front desk. I hurried to our room and locked the door behind us.

Though she was not passed out, she was incoherent and unable to shower on her own. I stripped her naked again and took her into the shower. I couldn’t really take a good look back in the alley because it was dim and I was in a state of panic. Now in a motel room and with a little more time, I hadn’t realized that I have forgotten just how fuckable her body looked. My cock was still swollen from all her previous teasing and it was hard to contain myself watching her now naked and covered in dried cum. To make things worse, she couldn’t shower on her own so I had to take off my clothes and go into the shower with her.

As I washed her, running my hands all over her every curve and dipping my finger into her every hole, she moaned and grind back against my body. My cock was standing straight up like a steel bar and this constant teasing was driving me nuts. I wanted to push her forward until her tits were pressed against the glass shower door and just pump my semen deep into her womb. But, I would not cheat on my wife, so I fought the urge to the best that I could.

She came to in the shower and though still in a groggy state, she realized we were naked. She looked at me with half closed eyes and asked, “What did we do?”

In a panic, I replied, “This isn’t what it looks like!”

Ever hear people say those words and you just grunt in disbelief because you know they’re just caught in the act? I’ve always thought the same until that day.

I briefly told her what happened that night, but I wasn’t sure she was coherent enough to understand most of it. It didn’t look like it mattered to her anyways; she was still drunk and horny. When I ran out of things to say, she put her arms around me and pressed her soft wet body against mine, her tits squished nicely into me and her pussy lips rubbing across the shaft of my swollen cock. Noticing I was in such agony, she kissed me while I attempted to resist and then softly she said to me, “So.... You rescued me? Let me reward my hero.”

I was being driven out of my fucking mind. The teasing from her earlier, the ordeal on the train later, and now her seduction in the shower while I knew I could not touch her slipper wet body was the worst punishment any men could get. It did cross my mind perhaps she was coherent and intentionally getting back at me for last time. Reluctantly and with great restraint I mind you, I replied, “I cannot allow that. I’m married to your sister.”

She looked at me unphased and whispered with a low moan, “It is only cheating if you fuck me. So... don’t move and don’t touch me back.”

With that she knelt down and grabbed my raging hard cock with her hand, stroking it as she swallowed it whole. Oh, my eyes rolled to the back of my head as she pumped and sucked while the shower was still running. I remember the last time I fucked her pretty mouth, she was an inexperienced innocent girl. She definitely had some more practice since then. I wanted to grab her hair or just hold on to her head, but I couldn’t. It didn’t take long for my load to pop as if you remembered I didn’t cum at all before. I poured it all over her face as she eagerly anticipated with her mouth open. I had to hold on to the shower wall not to fall down when I came because my legs went limp. I remember that innocent young woman that came to my home not too long ago, never realized she had grown up to be such a temptress.

As I was drying off after the shower, she went over to the sink to wash her face. She bent over completely 45 degree with her face in the sink and her ass up in the air with her legs spread. My jaw dropped as my cock roared back to life again. As she turned her face towards me, wiggling her ass, I knew she was doing it deliberately. She was just like her sister! What a cock tease! She frowned with a beckoning look and then pouted to me, “Punish me... I’ve been a bad girl...”
