 

That Big woman who lives in apartment #210 above me, says I make too much noise. It's not my fault. But she says I'm just too noisy. She says that the noise has been going on for a few weeks now. I don't think I make a lotta noise, but she says so. You know, I think It all started back when I came home from the gym one night. We were at the mail boxes. I turned and I swear that she was checkin me out, just staring at me, with a disproving, snooty look, and I'm sure she was lookin at my ass. Yea, my ass. Well, it does get lots of attention. I get a lot of comments on it, cause it's so big and round. 

Well, last week we met at the mail boxes again, and, she told me that she was not going to tolerate my noise at night. I told her that I wasn't noisy, and that's when she called me naughty. "Naughty?" Me? So I said, "So, what are you gonna do, spank me like a little boy?" And then she said, "Well you act like a little boy, a naughty, little boy, so perhaps I should. Yes, I should take you over my knee and spank that bottom of yours till it's a hot, angry, red!" And then I said, "Hey lady, I'm to old and big for that, and besides, how the hell can you tell how red my ass is!" So then, the old bitch leans towards me and says, low, "Because I'll be spanking you across your bare ass, that's why bright boy!" Well fuck. Something happened inside. I mean, she meant business, and I just stood there in my tank top and gym shorts feeling naked already. I started getting a hard on! I couldn't believe it. I mean, why did I get excited at feeling vulnerable? What the fuck! Crazy old Broad, she must have picked up on it. "Perhaps a good long, slappy spanking is just what you need, and as of now, you are on notice. Next time you make noise, I will come down here and warm up that amazing posterior of yours, get it?!" She looked down at my crotch, and I was pitching a fuckin tent. Man, I couldn't believe it. I was totally hard.

She went upstairs and I went into my place and took a shower. A spanking, a spanking, A SPANKING?! Why did this intrigue me so much? I'm twenty-fucking-seven years old, I haven't been spanked since...."Ah she's just talkin" I said to myself. Then, I thought, what if she would do it. The idea tickled me, I mean it really tickled me. It was like an itch I had to scratch. Was she serious? Really? Well, there was one way to find out. Still naked, I put the stereo on. Loud. It didn't take long.

The pounding on my door came in a few minutes from when Guns and Roses started singing, "Sweet Child O' Mine". As they were going into "Where do we go, where do we go now, where do we go..." She spoke through the door persistently. "Young Man! Young Man! Open this door at once! I warned you! Now open! OK. I'm standing there naked in all my muscular splendor, and ran my hand over my abs, almost giddy. I'm hard as a brick and my heart was pounding. Man, this is fucked! I opened the door and her eyes flew down to my rod. It was saluting her, throbbing like crazy. 

"I told you what I would do, if you were noisy again! Well this is the worst of your noise." Her eyes flashed with a new awareness. "I think you did this on purpose! Yes, you did this to goad me! To test me! Why you Naughty, young man. You really are just a bad, little boy aren't you? Well you've earned this young man!" She closed my door and flipped the deadbolt, and in a smooth motion took my ear. I let myself get marched into my own bedroom. 

"Yes, you are overdo for a much needed correction!" She sounded triumphant! For a big woman she moved quickly, to my bedroom, and I realized this was easy for her because our apartments are identical layouts. As she sat on the side of my bed, she pulled my ear towards her and I followed, resistance was futile.

I was practically tossed over her generous lap, and I landed ass up, big beauty riding high and proud! However, my junk got pushed back behind me pointing down, pressing against the curve of her lap. Fuck, what a fine thing. My cock, fully engorged on display, and my bare ass stickin up at her wide open demonstrating a dare for attention. How did I get in this position. I mean, I guess I wanted this, this new itch that she planted in me with the words she spoke earlier. Now, she was going to demonstrate those words that tickled my imagination, and they would become very real. And they did!While the CD player changed from Guns N Roses to some techno,-jazz-dance sort of thing, I started to get my big ass spanked! It Stung! Yes sir, it did, those slaps meant business. I mean that hand snapped it out. She applied those slaps with all the fervor and purpose that she promised, and I feared it would get worse. I mean, my ass was getting roasted.

"Ow! Hey! Your Serious! Ah! Oww! Oh-My-God! OH! OW! HEY! OWW! OUCH!" And so on and so on. I mean, she was like a machine. Same tempo, a tireless, unbroken cadence giving me one slap after another. Oh My God! My big ass was dancin, quakin, and bouncin and I loved it! Huh? I loved it? Yeah, I did! I was stuck up there, and takin it while she told me how naughty I was, and how much I need this, and that every time I was noisy, she would do this. I began to realize right then and there, that this big woman's hand, slappin my big ass was gonna make me cum! Yeah, if she keeps this up, I'm gonna nut! Son of a bitch! My own reactions shocked me, as I gasped and whimpered, yelped and ooo'd and aw'd. I actually rolled my ass up for more and I got it. Big, hand slapping across both cheeks, a fuckin spanking machine, doin it ta me! How long was she going to do this? The stinging I had felt now felt like something else, like an electric tickle. A tickle that ran back and forth from my hot ass cheeks, to my balls, then to my cock! What was this crazy old broad doing to me.

"You are such a naughty, naughty boy! Oh my goodness! We just have to SPANK and SPANK, and SPANK..." She spoke "Spank" as her hand did just that, in perfect unison. She may be working herself up, but I was gettin the best of her spank mojo. I heard myself say to her, actually I was gasping, "You keep this up, and I'm gonna cum!" And I did! She spanked a big, amazing, orgasm, right out of me, coaxed from my hot, angry, red, ass. Just like she said! 

She left a few minutes ago. All is quiet now, and I'm standing in front of my mirror and turning as best I could to look at my great ass. My great, big, muscular, well spanked ass glowing a hot, angry, red!

Just like she said!