 CHAPTER ONE

"Good morning, Uncle Mark!"

The voice was that of my nineteen year old niece, Sylvie. I had just walked out of my bedroom to find her standing there, in the living room of my apartment. I wasn't very surprised; I had always known her to be spontaneous and impulsive. But there was still an element of curiosity due to the fact that I didn't think she knew where I lived.

About a year and a half ago, my wife and I had been divorced. Our children were both grown by that point, so we had sold the family house and gone our separate ways. Sylvie was my ex-wife's sister's daughter; so when things went down between me and my wife, that whole side of the family had pretty much washed their hands of me. I had moved about 40 miles away, to a small apartment in a very rural area. It wasn't much, but all things considered a divorced, middle-aged guy could do a lot worse.

It also didn't help that I had left things off with Sylvie on a fairly awkward note. The last time I had seen her, shortly before my divorce, was at her eighteenth birthday party. I had walked in the door and she had come running over to give me a big hug. I guess the hug was a little too tight... and lasted a little too long, because I found myself experiencing... well, an involuntary reaction, let's say. Needless to say, I was horrified. We both had stepped back, she shot me a terrified look, and ran for the other room. Thankfully, nobody had seen that whole exchange, because my wife's whole family was there, and I would have probably ended up divorced that day. We didn't speak a word the whole party, and I hadn't seen her since.

But then again... here she was, standing in my living room.

"The door wasn't locked, Uncle Mark, and I could hear you playing music in the back... so I knew you were home," she chirped. "I hope I didn't startle you!"

With that, she ran over to me and scooped me up into a huge bear hug. I was shocked, but tried to keep my wits about me and maintain proper clearance. "It's so good to see you, Uncle Mark!" she squealed.

"You too, sweetheart," I said. "It's been a long time... what brings you out into this neck of the woods? Are you lost?"

"No, I just came to see my favorite uncle!" she said with a smile. She handed me a cup of coffee that she must have picked up in town. "Cream and sugar, right?"

"Yes honey, thank you!" I said, taking the cup and taking a sip. I think I needed a little bit of a wake-up at that point, as if my bubbly niece weren't enough. "Is that how you got here?" I asked, pointing out the window to a rickety old Pontiac that sat in the driveway. "I'm surprised you made it all that way in that thing."

"Well, it's not much, but it gets me where I need to go, most of the time," she said, rolling her eyes. "I didn't have much money saved, and my dad, you know, he doesn't know much about cars, so he wasn't much help. You know, since I didn't have my favorite uncle around to help me go car shopping!"

I decided to leave that one well alone. "Come sit down, sweetheart," I said, motioning toward the couch. "Tell me what you've been up to all this time."

So we sat and chatted for a bit. It turns out that shortly after my own divorce, Sylvie's parents had also ended up choosing a similar path. They went their own ways, with Sylvie's mom moving back in with her parents, and Sylvie's dad moving into a small apartment. Sylvie had enrolled in a nursing program at a community college a few miles from my apartment, and had moved in with her older brother Rick about 20 miles east of where I was. It was working out okay, but they were getting on each other's nerves a little more each day. 

"That's awesome!" I said. "I always knew you'd end up in a field like that. You always loved taking care of people, animals, and all that. And hey, now you know I am close by, so feel free to drop in anytime. If you need to take a quick nap between classes, or just get away from Rick for a while, or whatever." Easy there, big fella. I decided immediately I wasn't going to push that any further.

"Thanks, Uncle Mark," she said, looking down. "That's actually one of the things I wanted to come talk to you about." Her face turned deadly serious.

My heart sank. We hadn't talked about the incident since it had happened, and I wasn't sure I wanted to now. "What is it, sweetheart?" I wheezed. I started to feel dizzy. I sat down on the couch, making sure to keep a respectful distance.

"Well, it's about, you know... last time I saw you," she said tentatively. She looked at the floor again. "About what happened."

"I know honey... I'm sorry," I blurted out. "I really didn't mean for that to happen. It just... I mean, sometimes it just happens. It wasn't... I mean, I wasn't trying to..." I trailed off, not sure what I was or was not trying to do.

"It's OK, Uncle Mark," she said. "I'm not mad. I was just a little freaked out for a while, but... well, I'm over it now." She looked back up at me and smiled.

I took a deep breath to try to calm my racing heart. "I'm glad to hear it," I said, still trembling a little. "You're such a sweet young lady, and I would hate to be the guy who... you know, ruined it like that."

She scooted across the couch to sit right next to me. "Oh, don't worry, Uncle Mark, you didn't ruin anything." She wrapped her arms around me and rested her head on my shoulder. The warmth of her body and pleasant aroma was very comforting. "If anything, you made it better."

My heart had just started to slow down, but that last comment put my back at light speed. "I'm confused," I gasped. "What do you mean?"

"Hugs from you always would make me feel safe, Uncle Mark," she said. "Safe and loved. But that day... that day, when I felt that..." She trailed off, gesturing vaguely toward my crotch. "That day, I realized there was something ... something else." Her left hand started caressing the shoulder it was laying on, and she squeezed in to rest her head on my chest. A new emotion came racing in, over the terrified feeling I was already experiencing. A new rush... one that wasn't going to slow my heart down anytime soon.

It was at that exact moment that I realized what my cock had been trying to tell me that fateful day. My niece Sylvie had grown into a remarkably attractive young woman. Her silky, reddish blond hair perfectly framed her baby face before teasing the corners of her full, round tits below. Her thick, white thighs tapered beautifully to end in a pair of thick, round ass cheeks. I also noticed how she had dressed to come see her 'favorite uncle'... a skin tight, camouflage tube top covered by a small, brown leather jacket, and a dangerously short skirt that truly emphasized her thick curves. Needless to say, my cock was at least one step ahead of me yet again. I could feel it beginning to outgrow its quarters in my boxer shorts.

Sylvie noticed too, and smiled. "That's more like it, Uncle Mark," she said. She slid her hand down from my shoulder to begin stroking the growing bulge in my sweatpants.

I panicked. "Oh my God, Sylvie," I gasped. "I'm so sorry. This isn't right. I think I need to-"

"Shhhh..." She put a finger to her lips and continued stroking my cock gently. "You don't need to worry anymore, Uncle Mark." She picked up her head and whispered in my ear. "It's just you and me now. Auntie is gone, your kids are grown... and I'm on the pill." My cock skipped a few steps from "bulging" hardon, straight into "raging". I could barely breathe.

"But Sylvie... I'm still your uncle," I said through my teeth. "It's still not right. I mean... I think you'll regret it." What I really meant was that I might regret it, but at that point, I wasn't even sure.

"I won't regret anything," she breathed into my ear. "I have been looking forward to this for a long time. That uncle stuff only matters out there," she went on, gesturing toward the door. "In here, it's just you... and me," she whispered, increasing her grip on my cock. "I've just made you VERY, very hard," she went on, "and you and I both want me to help you take care of it."

She was right, there was no denying that. I wanted nothing more than to make a giant mess all over pretty much every part of her body. I felt like I still had to at least put up a fight.

"I mean... we really shouldnt..." I trailed off. 

"Please, Uncle Mark," she gasped into my ear. "Please..." She was stroking my cock very vigorously through my pants now. "Please, just let me put it in my mouth..."

I couldn't take anymore. At this point, it was either go with the flow or throw her the hell out of my apartment and jerk off eight times. Only my brain was even trying to maintain the second option, but was finally overruled by ... well, my other parts. 

"Fine," I said. "You're right... you're right about everything. Just one thing though, before I agree to this."

"Anything, Uncle Mark," she squealed with joy. "What is it?"

"I want to cum on your tits," I said. God help me.

CHAPTER TWO

"Oh, Uncle Mark!" she said with a gasp. "My goodness!" She slid off the couch and onto the floor in front of me. "Stand up," she said, pulling on my hands. She then removed her shirt and I saw her beatiful, ample tits spring out. They were even bigger than they had looked in that shirt.

I stood up and the bulge in my pants was only inches from my niece's beautiful face. She took the waistband of my pants and carefully maneuvered it around my cock. It sprang to life and stood in all its glory in front of her.

"Ooh, Uncle Mark!" she gasped. "It looks so good. I can't wait." I couldn't wait, either, to be honest.

"Just one thing though, Uncle Mark," she said. "I've... well, I've never done this before. So I need you to tell me what you want me to do."

"You've never... really?" I said. I wasn't even sure how to instruct someone with something like this. "I mean, are you sure you want to..."

"Never, Uncle Mark," she said. "I've been saving it for you. I've been saving... everything for you," she continued, gesturing toward her tits and pussy. Holy shit.

"Okay, well I guess..." I thought for a second. "Why don't you start to play with yourself?"

"Who - me?" she said. Now it was her turn to be taken aback. "I mean, I can, if that's what you want."

"Yes sweetheart, please... I want to watch you," I said. "And I want you to have fun too."

"Okay, Uncle Mark, here goes," she said. She looked at me, then looked down at her pussy. She hiked her skirt up to reveal that she had no underwear on beneath. Slowly, she began to move her hand tentatively back and forth over her pussy. "Am I doing it right?"

"If it makes you feel good, then yes you are," I said. "Keep going a little bit longer."

She continued, and after a couple minutes started to get into the rhythm of it. Her hips started to gyrate in time with her hand. I could hear by the sound of her fingers sloshing inside her pussy that she was starting to get wet.

"Now," I said, "Take your other hand and slowly start stroking my cock." She did so, and I tried to refrain from thrusting my hips. I wanted this to go slowly. "Now take your tongue and just... swirl it around the tip of my cock."

She did, and was rewarded with a bitter spoonful of precum. She made a face, but continued doing it. I wanted so badly to grab the back of her head and fuck her mouth, but I had to keep myself in check.

After a couple minutes of that, I could feel the pressure starting to build in my balls. She was also starting to buck her hips more forcefully and her hand on my cock was getting more aggressive.

"Now, while you're stroking it," I said, "Try putting it in your mouth, and then put your lips over it and suck. Just like eating a Popsicle," I said. She was very distracted, but opened her mouth and centered it in front of my cock. I slid it in until it filled her mouth. "Now, wrap your lips around it and pull back," I said. She did, and it felt incredible. After a minute of that I knew I would cum soon if I didn't stop her.

"Okay, now stop," I said. "I want you to stroke my cock now for a little while. When you feel like you're going to cum, I want you to start sucking it like that again."

"Yes, Uncle Mark," she gasped. Her face was flushed, and her forehead was starting to glisten with sweat. "Am I doing it right?"

"You're doing it perfectly honey," I said. "Just remember, when you're going to cum, give me everything you have."

She was bucking her hips wildly now. Her face was red and she was breathing quickly and heavily. I knew it wouldn't be long. I reached down and gently caressed her nipples. She moaned deeply and looked up at me. 

The second we made eye contact, it was all over. Her body started shaking and, as instructed, she began to suck my cock. "Mmmmm... Mmmmmmph..." she gasped as she tried to breathe around it. "I'm cumming, Uncle Mark!"

"Me too honey... don't stop. Oh God, that's good, baby. Don't stop," I gasped. I grabbed the back of her head and begin to thrust wildly into her mouth. "Oh my God..." 

She gasped, and her eyes opened wide. Her body began to convulse in the throes of orgasm. I shoved my cock as far into her mouth as it could go until I couldn't take it anymore. Then, I pulled it out and started furiously jerking off over her tits. Her big, round tits were heaving as she breathed and glistening with sweat. I unloaded shot after shot of cum all over them as they heaved.

"Oh, Uncle Mark!" she squealed. "Oh, there's so much!" 

My legs could barely hold me and I collapsed onto the couch. "Well honey," I said with a smile, "I guess I was saving something for you, too."

She grabbed her discarded shirt and wiped the cum from her tits. She snuggled up to me again and rested her head on my chest. "Oh, Uncle Mark," she sighed.

"I can get you a towel or something, honey," I offered. "That way you don't have to worry about, you know... the stain."

"That's okay, Uncle Mark," she chirped. "I can always throw it in your washing machine later. Or, you know... tomorrow morning," she said, looking up at me with a smile.

Now what had I done??