 Corey took a seat in the soft black leather chair closest to the entrance. He checked his phone, more out of an anxious, young millennial habit than out of any actual need for it. He put the phone back in his pants pocket and looked around the quaint lobby—a couple abstract geometric paintings hung on the walls, a magazine rack, some medical posters encouraging regular check-ups and physical exams—and Corey appreciated the attention to detail. A pleasant lavender aroma filled the room, funneling up from a nearby aromatherapy diffuser and providing a small relief from Corey's usual doctor-induced stress. 

Elsa, a middle-aged, slender woman who operated the front desk, paced into the lobby, her curly brown hair bouncing slightly as she walked. She regarded Corey with the same wide smile and pleasant countenance that he remembered from last time. 

"Okay, I let him know you're here and Dr. Wilson will be out in just a few minutes," Elsa said. "Do you need anything? Coffee? Water?"

"I'm alright, thanks."

"No problem! Well if you need anything I'll be right over here." 

As Elsa walked back over to her desk and began poking at her keyboard, Corey's thoughts drifted. Due to some awkward past experiences, Corey usually very much disliked doctor visits; and since he had turned twenty-one only a few weeks ago, he rarely needed to go in for anything other than a routine check-up or the occasional over-the-top flu. Most doctors he could remember were cold and detached, too clinical to be comforting. Corey always felt like he was wasting their time and that the doctors didn't care about him in any personal way. 

But when he had met Dr. Wilson for the first time a few months ago, it felt different. From what Corey could recall the doctor was probably in his late thirties, tall but stocky, with black hair and a stubbly beard that was just beginning to show the first signs of greying. His face had lit up when the doctor walked into the room and met Corey for the first time—Dr. Wilson had regarded him with a quick smile and a firm handshake, and sat patiently while Corey explained his medical history and background.

Corey had explained that he was a collegiate soccer player at the local university, and how that kept him in great physical shape but also invariably led to the occasional injury. Dr. Wilson had then shared about his own time as a college wrestler, and how it had been cut short when he tore his ACL at the end of the first year. Even though Dr. Wilson more than likely hadn't trained at a high level for quite some time, his burly figure made it apparent that the doctor still exercised and retained a good amount of muscle.

After a couple minutes of glancing around the lobby and skimming a nearby magazine, Corey looked up and saw Dr. Wilson's imposing frame stroll into the lobby. It was nice to see a doctor who wore regular business attire—a button-down plaid shirt, trim slacks, and a clean pair of hazel dress shoes. The stethoscope around his neck affirmed his profession well enough without need for one of those overly long white lab coats, Corey thought.

He beckoned Corey to the back with a clipboard in hand, smiling in his usual hospitable way.

"Good morning! How have you been" Dr. Wilson ventured, patting Corey on the back.

"Pretty good. Just getting ready for the season to start and got to get this physical out of the way."

"Of course, of course, we can take care of that real quick," the doctor held open the door to one of the patient rooms. "Anything else we need to look at?" 

Corey shook his head. "Not that I can think of right now."

Dr. Wilson closed the door behind them and took a seat on a circular rolling stool, scooting in towards the chair Corey had selected. The room was small and contained all the usual equipment and furniture—a long, padded exam table in the middle, various machines for taking measurements and running tests, informational posters strung up here and there.

"Did you get a new haircut? Growing it out a little bit?" Dr. Wilson asked. 

"Oh, yeah," I muttered. "Just figured I might as well grow it out while I've still got it." 

"I like it! Looks good."

Corey began to feel slightly more nervous, without completely understanding why; something about Dr. Wilson's features and demeanor made Corey anxious and excited at the same time. He usually dreaded going in for physical exams, having to strip down in front of some stranger and have him poke and prod looking for some sort of ailment. But something about Dr. Wilson made him feel somewhat better about the whole awkward situation.

"Okay so let's just go ahead and get started then. Would you prefer a medical gown, or do you just want to wear your boxers?"

Corey shifted in his chair slightly. "I guess I can just wear my boxers."

"Great. So I'll step out for a minute, go ahead and take off everything except your boxers and sit up on the exam table."

The doctor gave Corey another pat on the back before walking out of the room and closing the door behind him. Corey followed the instructions and quickly took off everything but his boxers, exposing his lanky, athletic frame. Being a college athlete was ridiculously challenging work, but it had some definite advantages; one being that it was impossible not to be in peak physical shape. The soccer player's calves and thighs were muscled and somewhat hairy. Corey's upper body was far less hairy but just as well-defined. The backs of his thighs felt cold from the metal plate along the side of the exam table, and it made him shudder.

A few moments later Dr. Wilson walked back in and quickly shut the door behind him so as not to let anyone else see Corey in his underwear.

"Okay, all set?" the doctor remarked. "Are you comfortable?"

"I mean, as comfortable as I could expect to be sitting almost nude in a doctor's office," Corey said, letting out a brief chuckle. Dr. Wilson laughed as well.

"Yes, I know it's not the best situation, but physicals are important, and they do help. And hey at least you're in fantastic shape. You look better than most guys without their clothes on."

Corey smirked in response to the compliment, but he couldn't help but wonder if that was an unusual remark for a doctor to make. Regardless of the intention, Corey appreciated the fact that the doctor thought he looked good.

Dr. Wilson smiled again and got started. He placed his stethoscope on Corey's bare chest, the cold metal causing a momentary shiver and eliciting a smirk from the doctor. As Corey breathed deeply in and out, the doctor moved the stethoscope lower to his abdomen and off to each side. He rubbed and pushed in on his sides, feeling Corey's ribs and seemingly searching for some potential problem in that area. Luckily the doctor's hands were warm and his touch firm, so it didn't tickle when he touched near his hips.

"Alright, lean forward for me," Dr. Wilson requested as he pressed firmly on Corey's back. Again he moved the stethoscope around various parts of Corey's back, feeling along his spine all the way down to the top of his butt.

"All good so far!" Dr. Wilson remarked as he slid out a metal leg support from underneath the exam table. "Okay, let's go ahead and have you lay back on the table for me."

Corey leaned back and felt the cool cushion press against his skin. Adjusting himself on the uncooperative exam table caused his boxers to bunch up and create an opening in the front from the fly hole. Corey felt his face flush slightly from embarrassment. Dr. Wilson didn't seem to notice—or if he did, he didn't seem to care—and continued with the check-up.

He began pressing firmly along Corey's chest, down to the various parts of his abdomen, occasionally asking if anything hurt or asking for Corey to take a deep breath. As he got lower and started to near Corey's pelvis and crotch, Corey became flush and felt himself beginning to get hard from the proximity of the doctor's touch. To offset this potential embarrassment, Corey started to shuffle slightly, but Dr. Wilson had already caught on, smiling and placing his warm, firm hand on Corey's thigh.

"Don't even worry about it," he consoled, smiling. "I've seen it all, and that sort of thing happens all the time. Really. In fact, let's just take these off so you don't have to worry about it."

The doctor gestured at Corey's boxers and gave them a slight tug. The young athlete paused a moment, but then sat up and slid his boxers off, exposing his now mostly erect penis, still languishing about it. The only comfort Corey received was from the fact that Dr. Wilson didn't seem upset or bothered whatsoever, and simply continued with the exam as if nothing strange was happening at all.

"Hey, at least we know it works, right?" The doctor smiled amiably and chuckled.

Now that his boxers were off it actually was more comfortable, for the simple fact that Corey no longer had to worry about trying to hide it from the doctor. Corey didn't know exactly why he was getting hard; all he knew at this point was that he enjoyed having Dr. Wilson's strong hands pressing along his inner thighs, once or twice rubbing up against his testicles or penis, purportedly checking the various parts of Corey's lymphatic system.

His dick was completely erect now, bobbing slightly as the doctor pressed different areas.

"Okay, now I'm going to check for any hernias or signs of cancer," Dr. Wilson said. "Just try to relax."

The doctor then grabbed Corey's large, hard penis and started pressing it in various places. He ran his fingers along the outside and moved the now completely solid appendage forward and backward, eventually putting his fingers on the tip. He moved down and similarly began checking Corey's testicles for any bad signs. He slid his hands around and underneath Corey's balls and squeezed again, and Corey couldn't help but let out a small moan from excitement.

The doctor continued this part of the exam for what felt like quite a long time. In a vain attempt to try to think of something else, Corey began looking around the room, anywhere to take his mind off the excitement of his current situation. After a few moments he looked down at the doctor and saw something protruding and forming a tent in the front of his slacks. Corey's mouth gaped open in amazement, and when he looked back up his eyes met Dr. Wilson's, still smiling and rubbing his crotch.

"You know," the doctor started. "Getting help with a little release can be really beneficial, healthy even. When is the last time you ejaculated?"

Corey's heart raced and he took a second to respond, glancing again at the doctor's erection before meeting his eyes once more.

"Not sure. At least a week, maybe two."

"Wow, no wonder it looks like you're ready to explode! We should probably take care of that this morning. Does that sound alright with you?"

Dr. Wilson began softly stroking Corey's dick with his firm, leathery hand. Corey simply nodded his head in agreement, lost for words. Corey leaned back on the exam table once again while the doctor walked over to the door and locked it. As he walked back to Corey, he unzipped his grey slacks and pulled his own dick through. Corey was surprised by the size and girth of it, and it made him drip with pre-cum for a moment.

The doctor leaned up against Corey's forearm, silently suggesting he take hold of the doctor's immense tool. Corey complied, grabbing it and slowly stroking it back and forth. The doctor began unbuttoning his shirt, exposing a wide, hairy chest and hard nipples. With his other hand the doctor ventured down between Corey's legs and toward his ass, touching it lightly as he smiled and watched Corey's face contort with excitement and nervous energy.

The doctor grabbed the back of Corey's head and guided it inward. Inexperienced and anxious but overcome with an eagerness to please the man, Corey leaned over to the side and started to suck Dr. Wilson's cock. With one hand still on Corey's ass the doctor undid his belt and slipped his slacks down to his ankles; he placed one foot on the heel of the other to remove his dress shoes, and now the doctor stood beside him wearing only his unbuttoned dress shirt and the stethoscope draped around his neck.

As he sucked with more and more fervor, Corey felt the doctor's hairy belly brushing up against his face, balls bouncing off his chin. Dr. Wilson leaned over and put the soccer player's long, veined cock in his mouth, sucking slowly and methodically but creating an incredible amount of pleasure. Not wanting to make any noise that Elsa might be able to hear from the front desk, Corey groaned quietly, his voice muffled by the doctor's dick in his mouth.

Dr. Wilson leaned over to the counter, opened a drawer and grabbed a bottle of lubricant. Without saying a word, he placed some on his middle finger and returned to Corey's ass, slowly sliding it inside and keeping it there while Corey adjusted to this new sensation. Another groan, this time louder, came from Corey and he felt he might ejaculate from that experience alone.

Suddenly, as the doctor began sliding his finger in and out, Corey was overcome by some primal, deeply-rooted desire; he pulled the doctor's dick out of his mouth.

"Will you put this inside me?" Corey motioned to Dr. Wilson's now throbbing cock. "I just want to know what it feels like."

The doctor smiled. Without much hesitation, without even a verbal response, Dr. Wilson grabbed Corey's muscular thighs and slid him around so his ass was hanging off the exam table. Corey had never done this before and started to feel nervous, but the doctor seemed to sense his concern.

"Don't worry, we'll go slow."

Corey nodded and smiled.

Dr. Wilson smothered his dick with lube and pressed it up against Corey's tight hole, all while holding his legs in the air. The room felt much warmer now, and Corey noticed some sweat gleaming from the doctor's hairy, barreled chest.

"Just take a deep breath and try to relax, it'll make it easier."

Corey began breathing slowly and deeply all while feeling the doctor's immense member pushing for entry. Suddenly Corey felt a shock as it slid inside. Pre-cum once again dripped out from Corey's dick; he looked up and saw Dr. Wilson's same gruff, masculine face smiling down at him. The room began to fade into the background as the doctor slid his cock in and out, slow at first but with increasing speed.

Corey had never known what it felt like to have something pressing against his prostate, and he knew that he wouldn't be able to bear much more before exploding in ecstasy. Noticing that Corey was close to ejaculating, Dr. Wilson said, "Hang on a little bit longer. I'm almost there."

The doctor's breathing was getting heavier, and his thick, furry legs began to tremble. Dr. Wilson leaned over Corey and started pumping even faster, sweat dripping down onto Corey's smooth and chiseled chest. Having tried with all his fortitude to last as long as possible, Corey knew it was over and began ejaculating all over himself, cum landing all the way up to his neck.

While Corey's load was still dripping and shooting up his abdomen, Dr. Wilson let out one massive groan and thrusted as deep as he could into Corey, releasing himself. Making sure every last drop found itself inside Corey, the doctor thrusted a few more times before hunching over and rubbing his hairy chest and belly against Corey's smooth skin. Their sweat intermingled and they simply lay there for a few moments while the doctor's cock slowly slid out him, dripping a few times on the exam room floor after it popped out.

The two men looked at each other for a few moments, smiling, and then Dr. Wilson slowly stood upright and slid the young athlete back onto the exam table.

Coming back to reality, both the doctor and Corey cleaned themselves up using some rags and paper towels. Dr. Wilson regarded the athlete with another wide, comforting grin, and instructed him to put his clothes back on.

"Well, I hope you enjoyed your visit this morning," Dr. Wilson said. "I know I did. Hope you can come see me again sometime."

"It was amazing, thank you."

"In fact, on your way out, tell Elsa I'd like to schedule a follow-up appointment with you next month. Make sure we keep your stress levels in check." He grabbed Corey's shoulder and gave it a squeeze before opening the door and stepping into the hallway.

"That sounds great. I will."

With that, Corey strode out of the exam room and back to the lobby. He set his next appointment with a wide grin on his face, feeling weightless and content and excited that he had met Dr. Wilson.

TO BE CONTINUED ...