 Loreli was the CEO of the swimwear company Great Swim. Lately sales were in a slump as reported to her by Felix, her husband and COO.

"Look we gotta do something drastic to get interest in our brand!" he implored her.

"Well what do you suggest . . . I' m all ears." she replied.

Felix suggested hiring a young model to show off their newest swimwear at the beach. Loreli agreed with him and told him to get this done the sooner the better.

It was finally decided to parade the model on the beach Saturday afternoon, around 1 pm when the beach was half way packed with people. The show stopper would be a barely-there two piece white net bikini with strategically placed dots over the model's nipples and clitoris with a white string placed in between the crack of her ass.

Saturday finally arrived and the model was expected at the beach about 12:30 pm. 12:30 came and went and the model had not yet arrived. By 12:45 Loreli made the decision to boldly put on the skimpy bikini as a last resort. Once she put on the bikini her husband let out a low wolf-like sounding whistle. Her breasts were trapped under the white net material but the strategically placed dots kept her looking decent. The dot over her clitoris and string in the crack of her ass revealed firm round buttocks and an ample pubic mound.

Looking at Loreli one would have guessed her as being 35 years old. She was really 42 and in great shape. Felix noticed several men turning their heads towards her as she strolled up and down the beach. Felix felt proud of his beautiful wife. He did not mind that other men looked at her either.

Felix decided to go on a lunch break and asked Loreli if she wold be alright on the beach by herself for a while. She asked him to swing by the delicatessen for a Ruben sandwich for her lunch as well. Felix told her he would be back in about an hour.

Loreli did not mind the ravenous glances of several men gawking at her. She enjoyed the attention as she strolled up and down the beach. 

"You're making my dick hard!' one man shouted out to her.

"Come suck my cock!" another man implored her.

"Sit on my face." yet another one asked her.

Loreli was thoroughly enjoying herself right up to the moment a pair of hands grabbed her and placed her on her knees on the sand as an unfamiliar man pulled down his shorts and his humongous penis slapped her face.

"Suck it bitch, you know you want it!" he growled. Then she felt some other man pull down her bikini bottom and push his face into her pussy lips from behind and start to suck and slurp up her womanly juices, encircling her clit with his tongue.

Loreli obliged the man with the humongous penis and received it in her mouth as she worked her hands up and down his shaft circling his cock eye with her tongue, urging him to cum in her mouth. Just then, Felix came back with her sandwich.

"What the fuck are you doing?" he asked, then continued "You are doing it all wrong. When you have a giant cock like that you have to push it down her throat. Do it man." Felix suggested.

The guy with the giant cock took Felix's advice and shoved his cock all the way down Loreli's throat, nearly gagging her. After he pulled out of her mouth he got down on the sand as well and invited the guy eating Loreli's pussy to double fuck her pussy with him. That guy was in agreement and soon two large cocks were stretching and pumping and filling her pussy with cum.

A few other men on the beach saw what was going on and they asked to join in the action. Felix did not bother to object. He enjoyed watching his wife get pleasured with large dicks. The number of men getting in on the action soon grew from 5 to 25.

The action continued for several more hours until 6 pm in the evening. Felix liked seeing Loreli get laid by different men. She had a voracious sexual appetite and could last anywhere from two to five hours of sex. Felix felt proud of his sex goddess wife, even though she was 42 and he was 55.

He offered Loreli her Ruben sandwich to eat and she thanked him for it after she changed back into regular clothes and both she and Felix drove home.

The next day Loreli became inundated with orders for the barely-there swimsuit she wore the day before on the beach. Apparently the men who had been at the beach yesterday ordered the 'sexy bikini' for their wives and girlfriends after seeing the sex fest hat Loreli was involved in. Both Felix and her were very happy about the increased sales and the blossoming erection he had as she dropped to her knees and took Felix's giant cock in all the way down her throat.