 The twins Jennifer and Jackson Lancaster had just turned 18. They lived on a farm and had always been close - but, or course, not in a sexual way! - being relatively isolated and having no other siblings, they were best friends, besides being brother and sister. Being twins, they had that "mystique" that lots of twins have - they seemed to be able to read each other's thoughts at times. For instance, Jennifer had been in a minor auto accident once and Jackson, several miles away, sensed that something was wrong. These kinds of things happened frequently. The twins didn't think much about it, assuming this was just a natural phenomenon. 

The twins' parents, Tom and Shana, were very proud of the teenagers. They owned a two hundred acre beef cattle farm and the twins had always been willing to pitch in to make sure everything got done. Tom worked full time on the farm and Shana taught English at the local high school. It was difficult to get all the farm work done and they wondered how they would make it once the twins went off to college.

Jennifer (called Jenny or Jen by those close to her) and Jackson (called Jack or Jackie by his close acquaintances) had been straight A students at the local high school from which they had just graduated. They had celebrated their 18th birthday a couple of months before graduation. Now it was summer. No school, but plenty of farm work. 

Jackson was well over 6 feet tall and weighed nearly 200 pounds. He had sandy, brown hair, brown eyes, and had a nice, lean physique. His chest, arms, and legs were well-muscled from working on the farm. He was well-tanned from working outside, but had a natural dark complexion. He was extremely handsome and was very popular with the girls at school. He was fairly shy, however, and hadn't been on many dates. Their parents had always taken them to church and when Tom had had "the sex talk" with Jackson, he had been told that it was better "morally" not to have sex before marriage, but that it wasn't a mortal sin that would send you to hell on a bobsled. Still, it could cause all kinds of problems, particularly if it resulted in pregnancy. Tom was very clear that whether to have sex was Jackson's decision, but that he must act responsibly, no matter what. Jackson bought into whatever his father said. He admired his dad for the fair way he had always treated them and the way he approached life's problems. 

Jennifer was gorgeous, one of the prettiest girls in the county, but she was painfully shy. She was tall, 5-11, with shoulder length dark brown hair, which she usually kept in a pony tail, brown eyes, with a dark complexion, long, strong, yet slender and shapely legs and magnificent breasts, 32-C, which she had inherited from her mother. Her slender body made her breasts look even bigger. Boys, and men, couldn't help but stare, if she ever wore anything that showed any hint of how sexy her young body was. Jennifer knew that boys found her attractive. They were constantly asking her out, but she wouldn't go. She was so introverted that she had actually been referred to the school counselor. She had few friends and the ones that she did have were, like her, known as nerds. When she went to school, or anywhere in public, she wore clothes that would detract from her shapely body, not wanting to draw attention to herself. She wore glasses, though she didn't need them, to make her look more studious, hoping to avoid attention, particularly from boys. 

It wasn't that Jennifer wasn't attracted to boys. She was, and she had the same normal sexual urges that teenage girls have. She masturbated, but not frequently. She liked to put it off, thinking of it as a special treat to herself. She liked her body and was, secretly, proud of it. She knew that one day, in the distant future, that she would meet a man, fall in love with him and present her luscious, virginal body, to him. That was the ideal that she had been taught, and it was her plan. She often examined herself in the mirror, admiring her large, perfect breasts. Despite their size, they had no sag, whatsoever. Her pink nipples pointed upward at an angle, as if they were small antennae. She had seen her mother's on a few occasions and even in her late 30's, Shana's still did not sag, and her nipples looked as if they could cut glass. Jennifer imagined how her Dad must love playing with them and whatever else men did with women's breasts. It made her blush to think about it, but it still excited her and often was fodder for masturbation. Her mom had talked to Jennifer about sex many times. She told Jennifer that masturbation was normal and healthy and that, if she did it, that she should not feel guilty - that it was far better than having sex, which could lead to all kinds of problems. Despite her bashfulness and puritanical outlook on life, Jennifer rarely felt guilty when she masturbated - and that was only when forbidden thoughts of her twin brother or her father entered her mind. She tried not to think about such things, but sometimes she couldn't help it and those times led to her best orgasms.

Jennifer's and Jackson's father, Tom, was a quarter Cherokee. His skin was a reddish-brown hue and his hair and eyes were very black. He had worked on the farm all his life and was muscular in a natural way. He was very handsome; he was smart; he was kind; and he was well-respected. He was a Deacon at church and was widely respected in the community. His wife, Shana, and his children, honored and adored him.

Once, when Jennifer was a few years younger, she had been in the hay loft moving some hay bales around to clean out a spot to put newer bales. She heard someone in the lower level of the barn and had kneeled down, peeking through a crack in the loft flooring to see who it was. To her shock, it was her Dad, taking a leak. She could clearly see his penis, which to her eyes, looked immense. She knew she should not continue to look, but she couldn't stop looking even though she was practically paralyzed with fear that he might see her. When he had finished and had walked outside, she realized that her panties were wet and that she was extremely turned on. She pulled her shorts and panties down and, laying on the hay, masturbated thinking about what she had just seen. That was the penis that had shot sperm into her mother's sexy young body and fertilized the eggs that resulted in her, Jennifer, and her fraternal twin brother Jackson. For whatever reason, that thought set her young body on fire. From that point on, that thought, or the thought of what her Dad's cock (it was so naughty to think of that word!) looked like. She liked to imagine what her mother did with that cock (there that naughty word was again!). She had looked for opportunities to peek on her father after that and was, occasionally, rewarded. 

Their mother, Shana, was a statuesque blue-eyed blonde. She still had the figure of a young woman, with large, D-cup breasts and a small waist. She was tall and had played basketball in high school, as Jennifer did. She was still a head turner, no matter where she went. Even her male students thought she was hot and many had flirted with her, even propositioned her, down through the years. Shana had had many opportunities to cheat on her husband, and had been tempted, but she loved her family and wasn't about to put her family and lifestyle at risk for sex. 

Jackson was in love with his sister. He knew it was wrong, but he could not help himself. Not only had they shared everything all their lives and were best friends, but when they reached puberty everything had changed. He started having urges that he had never had before. Of course he knew what they were. He and Dad had talked about it. They taught it at school, too. But his sister was suddenly a goddess to him. He had always known she was pretty, but now she was developing. She wasn't flat-chested anymore. She had to wear a bra! Her legs developed curves. Her waist was skinny, but her hips and chest flared. Her face was absolutely gorgeous. He longed to kiss her like they used to when they played "house" as small children. 

Jennifer was careful, in public, to never wear clothing that enhanced or accentuated her body. Blouses and dresses that she wore never revealed cleavage and were not tight. She still looked attractive, but she never wanted to dress "slutty" as some of her acquaintances did. At home, she had to be more practical. Her shirts and shorts were often tight-fitting and sometimes her shorts tended to be very short. Her mother had been known to insist that she get rid of some older shorts because she had outgrown them. Still, she didn't feel that she had to dress as conservatively around her family. She had to work on the farm, so she usually wore denim, cut-off shorts or basketball shorts and a sleeveless blouse. Sometimes, on a hot day, she would tie the lower portion of her shirt into a knot, revealing her flat, tanned stomach. She was unaware of how her brother and even her Dad noticed her naturally sexy body.

She and Jack had large bedrooms, upstairs in the big farm house. Both bedrooms had a door leading into the bathroom that they shared. There were locks on both sides of both doors. From the time Jennifer started developing, she knew that she should never allow her brother to see her naked. Still, he was her twin, and she felt no shame if he saw her when she was dressed for bed, or even in various stages of undress in front of him as they shared the bathroom. She always wore an old tee shirt, one that Jackson or her dad had discarded, and panties to bed. Because she was well-endowed, the tee shirt usually barely came below her panties when she was standing. On occasion, Jackson could catch a glimpse of the bottom of her panties when she was brushing her teeth. She also sometimes did her hair or put on her make up dressed only in a bra from the waist up. The sight of his sister's wealth of cleavage was enough to make Jackson's young cock harden. She was aware that Jackson found her attractive, but she had no idea how he lusted for her young body. It would have shocked her to know how he looked forward to seeing her in various stages of undress. Of course she locked the door if she were going to be naked or taking a shower.

Jackson respected his sister's privacy. As tempting as it was to try to spy on her, to see more of her luscious body, he didn't do so. He didn't, however, bother to lock the door that led from the bathroom into her room when he showered. He knew that she wouldn't come in if she heard the water running unless she needed to use the bathroom. The shower door was translucent, so she couldn't have seen anything anyway; but he wasn't as hung up on modesty as she was. 

Just about any interaction with Jen (as he called her) made Jackson horny. He would lock both doors into his room, take his pants down and play with his very impressive young cock. He was very proud of how it had grown over the years. By the time he was 18, at last measurement, it was almost 8 inches long and was thicker than most boys he had noticed in the showers at school. He was no exhibitionist, but he knew he had nothing of which to be ashamed. Even the black boys didn't appear to be hung any better than him - and most of them were smaller. He would imagine his sister naked, or even doing something sexual with him, and would shoot long ropes of white-hot cum high into the air over his bed. He was very proud of how far he could shoot his cum and how much of it there was. He imagined his sister watching him, or even helping him. He was also proud of how many times he could masturbate. Unlike his sister, who tried to go as long as she could without masturbating, he did it every time the notion struck him. His record was 8 times in one day, but he went a couple of days after that without doing it at all. He had been trying for ten. 

Jackson and Jennifer had a tiny secret. It was not something that they really mentioned to their parents, or even talked about with each other. If there was spare time between chores and other activities, the twins liked to take walks together. There was about 30 acres of woods on their farm, through which a creek ran. It had never been cleared to grow crops because of the numerous flat rocks throughout the area. It was fairly useless land except to allow cattle to roam and eat whatever vegetation was available. The twins had always loved playing hide and seek in these woods. There was a steep hill that was ideal for hiking. The many times that they had climbed the hill had aided in developing the muscles in their strong, tanned legs. 

The secret was what they called "our place". They never mentioned it to anyone but each other. It was a "twin" thing, they agreed, to rationalize what might be considered the inordinate amount of time they liked to be together, by themselves. To get to this location required them to crest the steep hill and descend the opposite side down to a thicket, through which the creek ran. There was a large, flat rock in the creek. By wading a few feet, the twins could sit on the rock and dangle their feet into the crisp, cold water. It was totally hidden. Even if someone were to be in the area, which was doubtful because of its relative inaccessibility, they would be heard by the twins. This was what the twins called "our place". When one of them had a problem, whether minor or major, he or she would suggest, "Let's walk to our place" and the other would oblige. They would walk the path from the house, then, when out of sight, would often hold hands. They would talk over whatever problem was bothering them as they walked or as they sat at their place, their feet dangling in the cold water. It felt intimate, even though they would not have used that word. 

A ritual had begun to develop through their teen years whenever the twins visited their special place. Neither of the twins could say for sure how it began, but it involved Jennifer sitting on the rock, Jackson behind her, his legs splayed around her, massaging her shoulders. Jackson loved it because it was an excuse to be physically close to his sister, her perfect ass between his legs and his hands rubbing her back and shoulders. Jennifer always seemed to enjoy it and would sometimes make little mewls of pleasure when he massaged her shoulders. These sounds Jackson would hold in his memory for his masturbation sessions. Their visits to their special place often fueled his fantasies as he jerked himself off, then lay kissing his pillow, pretending it was his sister.

As these rituals evolved over time, Jackson's hands began to roam over more of her luscious body than just her back and shoulders. By the time the twins were in high school, Jackson would rub her shoulders, her back, and then one hand would sneak around her and rub her tummy through her shirt. Jennifer liked this, especially when it was her time of the month and her tummy would hurt. She even allowed him to raise her shirt and rest his big hand on her tummy. It felt so good and she felt safe with her brother. She loved the way he took care of her. 

Then one day, as he had fantasized doing for months, Jackson moved his hands surreptitiously from Jennifer's lower back, along her sides, and to the sides of her breasts. For the first time ever, alarm bells went off in Jennifer's mind. What was he doing? Was her brother actually trying to touch her breasts? This could not be allowed! Could it? His hands were, simultaneously rubbing the very sides and back of her bra-encased boobs. Nobody had ever touched her breasts. What would it feel like? Could she allow him to do more? Perhaps just wait and see what he's up to. 

Jackson's hands, almost imperceptibly, moved forward. He could feel her bra through the cloth of the tee shirt that she wore. He knew that he was not really feeling of her breasts - that there was a lot of material between his sneaky fingers and her actual tit-flesh - but still, this was extremely arousing to be this close to his gorgeous sister's lovely breasts. 

As his hands made their slow progress around the sides of her breasts, Jennifer no longer had any doubt what he was doing. 'It's just curiosity,' she thought. 'He is no more experienced than me. Should I let him feel of them?' She was very nervous and uncomfortable with what he was doing, but she was also curious. His hands were now very close to encasing her breasts in his palms. Then he did it. He grasped them, his hands now squeezing, ever so lightly, his sister's breasts, albeit through the cloth of a tee shirt and a bra.

She immediately pulled his hands off of her and said, vehemently, "No, Jack! I'm your sister. Don't do that!" She jumped off the rock and stood in the shallow water.

Jackson was unprepared for her outburst. She had rarely ever raised her voice in anger to him; he never wanted to do anything that displeased her. "I'm sorry, Jen. I am. I just got carried away," he said. He looked down, his feelings hurt a bit.

Jennifer took his hands and smiled. "Let's go back. We have chores before supper."

That, however, wasn't the end of it. This new ritual took on a life of its own, with its own unspoken rules. Jennifer soon came to anticipate this new element of their "walks", as they called them, euphemistically. At first she dreaded it and tried to think of ways to tell him that he was to never touch her that way. But the truth was that it felt amazing. Even though she never allowed him to just sit and massage them, even a short squeeze sent electric impulses of pure pleasure through her body. She knew that every guy wanted to feel of her boobs - that was just natural - but she imagined that if she went on a date and a guy did that, it meant that he expected more, and she just was not ready for that at all. She knew that her brother was safe. He didn't expect anything from her. She was in control. He wasn't forcing her into anything and he never whined or complained when she (reluctantly, she had to admit to herself) took his hands and held them in her lap, telling him "no" in this silent, loving way.

Now the twins were out of high school. They loved summer because they could take frequent "walks" between chores. One day, Jennifer had been working in the garden, gathering tomatoes, cucumbers, and squash. She had a washtub full of fresh veggies that she sat on the back porch. She knew her mother would make her get cleaned up later and go with her to distribute to people in the neighborhood who didn't have a garden. This was something she loved to do, so she looked forward to it. Jackson had been bush-hogging an area that was overgrown near the back of the place. The tractor had broken down and he had managed to fix it, getting himself quite greasy and dirty. He was washing up at the faucet behind the house when Jennifer sat the veggies on the back porch. 

As he bent over the faucet, shirtless, washing his hands with the bar of Lava soap that they always kept there, she admired his physique. His chest was so well-developed and she loved the way his pectoral muscles and his abs were so well-defined. She really loved the way her brother looked. Sometimes, when he was shaving in the bathroom, with no shirt on, she watched from her bedroom, where she could see his reflection in the mirror. 

He dried his hands and, turning, saw her smiling at him. "Hey,Jen. You pick all that?"

"Yeah. You're all greasy, Bro. You need a shower. You stink!" She pinched her nose, although she was just kidding. He neither looked, nor smelled dirty now.

"I'll take one later. Dad and I have to castrate some calves later. No need of wasting two showers, right? he grinned. "Hey, we have time to take a walk. Wanna go?"

The truth was that she was dying to. She had just been thinking how she had not masturbated in several days and that a "walk" with her brother would be good motivation for it. She shrugged. "Sure. I don't know why not." Her heart-rate increased just thinking about his hands on her. 
