 Being a French professor at a small university didn't have a ton of perks. But, every year I got an all-expenses paid trip to Europe with one catch...I had to chaperone a group of about thirty students.

It's not as bad as it sounds. At their age, they were all adults and could pretty much take care of themselves.

This past year, when we arrived at the first hotel, everyone was beat from flight, but still wanted to enjoy the hotel amenities.

It was a gorgeous evening, a little before dusk, and all of the students were talking about changing and hitting the pool. I agreed to join them.

However, when I got to my room, I realized I'd made a pretty major mistake. The conservative, one-piece bathing suit that I had deemed suitable for students was nowhere to be found.

I made my way down to the gift shop to see if they had any bathing suits. The good news was that they had a few.

The bad news was...they were very...European.

Little string tops...smaller string thongs...

I grabbed the only thing in my size, a tiny red number, purchased it and scooted back up to my room.

When I get back to the safety of my bathroom, I tried it on. 

And it's tiny. Teeny...tiny.

I mean, don't get me wrong. I looked good. I'm still young enough that everything is where it's supposed to be. But there was no way I could wear this in front of my students. 

The top showed off a lot of cleavage and the bottom...the bottom was just a collection of strings.

Finally, I convinced myself that if I wrap a towel around my waist, that I can probably get through the evening without too many problems. A string bikini top isn't too scandalous. I'll just find a lounge chair and have a glass of wine.

With the towel firmly in place, I stepped out into the hallway and came face-to-face with Kyle, a gorgeous senior.

Of course, he doesn't miss a beat. He glances down at my cleavage, smirks and says, "Tres bien, Mademoiselle."

I promptly turn 40 shades of red and dart back into my room. I slinked back against the door, half dying of embarrassment, half kind of liking the attention.

Then I hear a soft knock on the door. Followed by Kyle's voice saying, "Mademoiselle, are you alright?"

I cracked the door and told him I was fine, but I could tell he felt really bad.

"Hey, I'm really sorry," he said.

I laughed to myself, knowing how silly the situation really was and waved him in.

"No, Kyle. I'm the one who should be sorry," I responded. "But, while I have you here, can I get an honest opinion?"

He replied, "Yeah, sure."

Then I told him the whole stupid story about forgetting my swimwear and buying the thong. Finally, I asked for his thoughts on if it was appropriate or not.

Kyle got very serious. "Well, Mademoiselle Durand, I like to think that you're not just a teacher of language, but a teacher of culture. While we're here we should be embracing the norms of the society we're studying."

The more he talked, the more it made sense.

And finally, he gave me a sly smile and said, "So, let's see."

I smiled and swatted at him. But he didn't flinch. He was so suave and confident.

It was a real turn on.

I don't know what came over me, but I found myself loosening the knot on my towel.

"OK," I said. "But only because it's important to me to further your education."

And with that, I dropped the towel to the floor and did a slow 360.

Kyle stood there speechless with the biggest smile on his face.

He bit his tongue, then said, "Tres bien."

"Merci," I responded.

"You know..." he continued. "Technically they do go topless here."

I laughed and said, "Sorry, buddy. You're not getting that much of an education."

And with that I shooed him out of my room.

I took a minute to compose myself, and seriously, I really needed to compose myself. I could've gotten in serious trouble. But, I had to admit, I did enjoy the looks I was getting.

With my towel firmly back around my waist, I made my way down to the pool. I found myself an out-of-the-way lounge chair and relaxed with a few glasses of wine.

After a while, the place kind of cleared out. I was getting a little cold, so I decided to spend some time in the hottub.

I sat back and enjoyed the solitude until it was interrupted by Kyle and two of his friends, Eric and Kurt.

They were perfectly polite, they asked if it was alright if they joined me. I assured them that it was.

We sat and talked for a while, I caught them occasionally stealing glances at my cleavage. So, I made sure to stick them out a little.

After a while, Kyle made a crack about me "continuing their education."

I smiled and said, "I'd need more drinks for that."

And then as if on cue, the waiter came by and asked if we needed anything. Kyle and I burst out laughing.

"The lady will have another glass of wine, please," Kyle said.

I swatted at him and we started laughing again. Kurt and Eric were totally lost.

"What's so funny?" Eric asked.

Kyle just looked at me and said, "You're free to tell them."

I crinkled my nose...then said, "Um...my bathing suit is very...European."

"Meaning?" Kurt continued.

Kyle piped up. "It means our dainty French teacher, in the name of teaching us the ways of this foreign land, is wearing a tiny thong." 

And with that the mood definitely changed. It's like the wind was knocked out of both of them.

They both wanted to see it, but I resisted. Finally, one of them made the point that they were going to see it when I got out of the hottub.

They had a point.

"OK...but this does not leave this hottub ever. Swear?"

They didn't need to be convinced, they agreed immediately.

So, I slowly stood up and turned around, giving them all a good look at my ass. All three jaws hit the floor.

Then I took my time slinking back into the water. "See?" I asked. "Very European."

Kyle smiled and said, "I told her that European bikinis tend to be topless."

Eric and Kurt really like that. I just gave them all a bit of side eye.

And then as if on cue, the waiter comes back with my glass of wine. Everybody had a good laugh at that one.

As I took a sip from my drink, Kyle pointed out that I had now, in fact, had more wine.

The tension was so thick, I was loving it.

I inched up out of the water, giving them all a good look at my chest. Then I said, "Well...far be it from me to ever be accused of limiting your education."

I looked around nervously...then I reached behind my back. They were losing it.

My heart was racing. 

But, I didn't. I pulled my hands around to the front and gave them all the middle finger.

They were so disappointed. Heartbroken.

I laughed...and then realized I was a little disappointed too.

They gave me shit for teasing them, and I was eating up all the attention. 

We continued talking for a bit while I finished my wine. They kept trying to steal glances at my chest when they thought I wasn't looking. The mood had definitely changed.

Finally, I put my glass down and told them I was going to call it a night. They agreed that they were ready to turn in too.

As I got out of the hottub, I knew all eyes would be on my ass. So, I took my time...slowly using my towel to dry each leg. I was in heaven. Then I wrapped my towel around my waist and we headed off.

As we walked down the hallway, they were giving me so much grief. About how I had stunted their education. 

I laughed...but I kinda felt bad. Not only that, but the thought of it was really turning me on. Flashing my bare tits to this trio of handsome guys...mmm...it was making me shiver.

When we got to my room, I stood there for a few seconds...it felt like minutes. They stood there watching.

I held my key card to the censor, and when the beep went off I opened the door...and ushered them in.

They were freaking out, I was shaking like a leaf.

I closed the door behind me and took a deep breath. Finally I said, "Alright, whatever happens here, stay here. Got it?"

All three of them nodded their heads.

"I'm not messing around, I could seriously lose my job."

This made them nod their heads furiously.

I tossed the towel aside, then said, "OK then, this is what a European bikini looks like."

And with that, I reached behind my back and grasped the knot and slowly pulled it.

The top came loose, but I held it to my chest. They stood there with their mouths agape. Not believing what was going on.

I looked at each of them while squeezing my tits...then I pulled the top over my head and threw it to the floor.

I stood there, short of breath, my bare breasts exposed, my hands on my hips. All I could get out was, "Goodnight, boys."

They took that as their cue and silently, stunned, filed out of the room. Kyle hung back a second longer to get one good last long look. He smirked, then closed the door.

I collapsed on my bed in a heap. I was so fucking turned on.

I masturbated furiously until I came...it wasn't until I had a chance to calm down that I realized what a career killing mistake I may have just made.

As the trip would go on, I realized that the secret was safe, but the secret would get a lot dirtier...