 Inspired by BrainGym's story, "Stoned," where a husband learns that his wife of five years has been screwing multiple men throughout their entire marriage. The initial premise remains the same, but the characters are a bit different and the ending is quite different... 

Finally, many thanks to those who offered comments and constructive criticism on my previous stories. Please refer to my profile for more on my personal policy regarding comments, feedback, follows, etc. And please remember, this is a work of fiction, not a docu-drama... 

Jim McKinley had just witnessed his wife of five years, Donna, screwing Stone Douglas, the father of an eight-year-old boy on his softball team, on his desk inside his classroom. He watched as Stone pulled her wedding and engagement rings out of her wet pussy with his tongue. 

"Careful you don't swallow those, stud. You know, I've always wanted to do that," she said as he dropped the soiled rings on the floor of his classroom like so much garbage, then step on them with his boot the way one would stomp on a cockroach. 

What was once a symbol of their love and fidelity was now a worthless piece of junk, the meaning trashed by her disrespect. At that point, Jim's love for her died and was replaced by blind, seething rage and hate. 

"Do what, babe?" Stone asked. 

"Have some hot stud like you put my wedding ring up my pussy and dig it out with his tongue!" She laughed. "It's so fucking hot." She grabbed his hard cock, which was huge and thick. "Are you gonna fuck me with this beautiful cock baby? Are you gonna fuck the wife of your son's softball coach with this thing?" 

"Oh hell yeah," he said, ramming his huge dick inside her wet pussy. Jim noticed he wasn't wearing a condom. The bitch! In all the time they had been married, she insisted he use a rubber, but she let this man fuck her bareback. 

"Yeah, baby," she moaned. "Fuck me with this monster. It's so much better than my wimpy husband's. Fuck my cheating married pussy with your cock. Fill my pussy with your cum." 

"I'll bet that limp-dick husband of yours can't fuck you like this," he said. 

"Oh hell no," she said. "He can't hardly even get hard. Sometimes it's so bad I scream because I can't take it." 

"So, you just fuck dicks like mine and your clueless husband doesn't even know?" Stone asked. 

"Oh yeah," she said. "I even fucked around on our honeymoon and the stupid twit never caught on." 

"So how many guys have you fucked?" he asked. 

"I don't know," she said. "I lost count. Maybe 50. Maybe more. I've even fucked some of them in our marital bed and he never had a clue." 

"God, you are so fucking nasty," Stone said as he pounded inside her. "If you hate him so much why don't you just divorce him?" 

"Because I get off on cuckolding him," she said. "Even if he doesn't know about it. He's such a wimp he'd just cry and forgive me anyway." 

"I'm getting ready to cum," Stone said. 

"Do it, baby," she said. "Fill my cunt with your cum. Make me pregnant. Give me your child so my worthless husband can raise it as his." He grunted as he exploded inside her. 

"Maybe next time we can do it in front of him and you can make him eat my cum from your pussy," he said. She smiled. 

"Maybe," she said. "He'd probably get off on it just to keep me happy. I know I'd love it." Jim had seen and heard enough. Fortunately, he had the presence of mind to capture the encounter on his desk with his cell phone. He left the school, angrier than he had ever been in his life. 

He had been coaching his team as they played, and noticed that Donna had left the stands. He went looking for her and that's when he found her and Stone fucking on his desk at work. 

On the way back to the softball field, he considered his options. Divorce was a given. There would be no forgiveness, no reconciliation. Her disrespect and her infidelity insured that. But he needed revenge against Stone. 

He pulled up his mobile team roster and saw the email address of Stone's wife. He emailed the video of the cheaters to her with a note letting her know the details of the encounter. 

He thought back on their five-year marriage. He was 35 when they married, and she was a couple years younger. She considered him to be average in every way, which suited him just fine. She knew that he was a teacher and a softball coach and he loved his work. 

But she didn't know anything about his earlier years. She didn't know about the anger issues he had to deal with while in high school -- issues resulting from his parents' divorce that came about from his mother's cheating. 

Nor did she know that he enlisted in the military right out of high school and served overseas in combat. She didn't know about the skills he had acquired during his service, nor did she know that he had killed several men with his bare hands. As far as she was concerned, he was just a mild-mannered, average high school teacher. Which, as far as he was concerned, was just fine. He had hoped to put all that behind him when he went to college. 

Now it was all over. He got back to the field and approached his assistant coach, Bill Johnson. 

"Bill," he said. "I've got an emergency and I have to leave." 

"What's going on?" Bill asked. "You're not looking too well. And what about Donna?" Jim pulled off his wedding ring and handed it to Bill. 

"Fuck Donna," he said. "Everyone else is. Give this to her. She'll know why." 

Shit, Bill thought to himself. He knows. And all hell is going to break loose. As Bill watched, Jim grabbed some things out of Donna's purse, got in his car and left. 

Once home, Jim locked the door and got on his computer. He sent the video he took to everyone on his wife's contact list, including her parents and her sister. He saw that Stone's wife, Lillian, had emailed him back, and she was pissed. 

"Call me," she said in her email. He picked up his phone and dialed her number. She answered on the first ring. 

"Jim, when did this happen?" she asked. 

"Just a bit ago," Jim said. 

"I'm so sorry, Jim," she said. "It's not the first time he's cheated on me, but I swear to God it'll be the last. Thanks for getting this to me, I'll be using it in my divorce and yes, I will name Donna in the paperwork." 

"I understand. I don't know how many times they've done it," Jim said. 

"It doesn't matter," Lillian said. "I told him the last time I'd divorce his ass if he did it again. Stay in touch, okay?" 

"I will, Lillian. I'm sorry about all this," Jim said, ending the call. 

A few minutes later, his phone buzzed. It was a text from Donna. 

"Jim, where r u? What's the emergency? Why did Bill give me ur ring?" Donna asked in the text. Jim responded by sending her the video he took of her screwing Stone. A couple minutes later, he got a response. 

"I can explain," she said. No apologies, no claims of love or any of the other bullshit he expected. 

"You already did in the video," Jim texted back. 

"Can we talk? Please? We need to talk," she texted back. 

"Right now, I don't want to see your face. Too pissed," Jim said. 

"Where will I go? How will I get there?" Donna asked. 

"Don't care. Maybe Stone and his wife will let you stay with them," he texted back. 

"Pls believe I love you," she texted. 

"Bullshit," Jim wrote back. "I heard what you told Stone. Leave me alone." He blocked her number before she could send another text. He really didn't care where she went or how she got there. Right at that point, he hated her guts. 

Grabbing a couple large trash bags, he went upstairs to the master bedroom, grabbed her clothes and her toiletries and threw them in the bags. For good measure, he pissed on her clothes, especially her wedding dress. He figured he owed it to her since she shit all over him and their marriage. 

His phone rang. Noticing that the call came from her parents, he answered. 

"Jim, what's going on?" his father-in-law asked. 

"What do you think?" Jim asked in response. "Your daughter is a slut and I'm divorcing the bitch." 

"Can't you get through this?" the older man asked. 

"Are you fucking serious?" Jim asked, incredulous. "You saw the video. You saw what she did. You heard what she said. Could you just put that behind you if it was your wife doing that?" 

"No, I guess not," he said. "Jim, you know Donna was married before, right?" 

"Yeah," Jim said. "She told me she was married once, but he cheated on her." 

"That's not exactly true," her father said. "She's been married three times. Her first husband killed himself after he caught her cheating on him. Her second husband died in a car crash after he learned of her cheating. We still don't know what happened to her third husband." 

"So, you're just now telling me this?" Jim asked. 

"We had hoped that she would have learned her lesson by now," her father said. "You've been married to her twice as long as anyone else so far, so we thought that maybe she finally settled down. I see she hasn't. I'm sorry, Jim. I hope you won't hold this against us." 

"I won't," Jim said. "But Donna and I are finished." 

"I understand," her father said. "Just please, don't hurt her." 

"I won't," Jim said. "Good bye." 

No sooner had he hung up than the phone rang again. This time, it was Donna's sister. 

"Jim, what's the big idea of sending me this video?" she asked angrily. 

"I just want everyone to know why I'll be divorcing the bitch," Jim said. "And I sure as hell don't want her trying to make me out to be the bad guy." 

"Jim, aren't you over-reacting just a bit?" she asked. "Maybe you guys can get counseling or something. Donna loves you." Jim laughed. 

"Yeah, right," he said. "I can see how much she loves me. No, Linda, I'm not over-reacting. There's no way I can get past this. We're done. Finished. Through." 

"But can't you just forgive her this one time?" Linda asked. 

"Not no, but FUCK no," Jim said. "She's been fucking around on me since the day we got married. And from what your father told me, she did it to the other three saps she married. There is no forgiveness, no mercy. I'm done with the bitch." 

"I'm sorry to hear that, Jim," she said. "Just so you know, I think you're the best thing that my sister ever had. If there's anything I can do, let me know." 

"Thanks, Linda," Jim said. "Donna's going to need a place to stay for a while." 

"Okay, Jim," she said. "But if there's anything else you need, you know, like maybe a nice warm body to cuddle up to or something..." Fuck, Jim thought, is Donna's whole family off their collective rockers? 

"Thanks for the offer, Linda, but no, I'm not going to stoop to her level," he said. Linda laughed. 

"I understand," she said. "Okay, tell Donna she can stay here for a while. And my offer is still open. I'm not like her, you know." 

"Thanks again," Jim said. "Bye." He went into the living room and looked around at all the stupid collectibles and knick-knacks on the shelves. Donna just had to have all this crap. Shaking his head, he began tossing it in trash bags. His phone rang a third time. Fuck, he thought to himself, answering the call. 

"What?" he yelled into the phone. 

"Motherfucker, I'm going to fucking KILL you," Stone yelled. "You just had to send that video to my wife, didn't you? Well, she kicked me out of the house and now she's divorcing me. So I'm going to come over there and fucking kick your ass, then I'm going to fuck your wife in front of you then I'm going to kill you!" 

Stone was a big man, much bigger than Jim, and he could probably carry through with his threat if it weren't for Jim's training. He smiled to himself. 

"Whatever, asshole," Jim said calmly. "You shouldn't have fucked my wife in the first place. You want to kill me, fine. You know where I live. And if you see the bitch on your way over, bring her with you. She needs to pick up her shit." He ended the call before Stone could say anything else. 

He knew he didn't have a lot of time, so he grabbed his camcorder and set it up to record the confrontation, ensuring that he had at least three hours of available recording time. He opened the door and waited for the inevitable. 

... 

Stone was beyond pissed as he headed to Jim's house. His wife confronted him as soon as he got home with his son from the game. He wondered why Jim had left the game early -- now he knew why. On the way to Jim's house, he saw Donna still at the softball field, her head in her hands. He pulled over and invited her to join him. 

"What's happening, Stone?" she asked. 

"That fucking limp dick husband of yours made a video of us and sent it to my wife," he said. "She kicked me out of the house and said we're getting divorced." 

"Oh my God," Donna said. "He sent it to my parents, my sister and everyone I know. I've been getting angry calls all afternoon. What are you going to do?" 

"I'm going to kick his ass, then fuck you in front of him and kick him out of his own house," he said. "The motherfucker got me kicked out of mine, so it's only right I take what's his." Donna smiled. 

"I agree," she said. "Let's teach that crybaby wimp a lesson." They laughed and plotted as Stone drove to Jim's house. When they arrived, they were surprised to see the front door standing wide open. Donna's car was in the street by the curb, so Stone pulled into the driveway. 

They got out of the car and walked in the house without knocking. Jim was standing in the middle of the room when they entered. Donna surveyed the damage, noticing that all her precious knick-knacks were gone. She sat down on the couch, smirking. Stone barged in, a .38 pistol in his hand. He rushed at Jim, lifting the gun as he did so. 

Remembering his training, Jim easily slapped the gun away with one hand while slapping Stone's arm in the opposite direction with his other hand. The pistol clattered to the floor. Jim stepped back, waiting for the inevitable charge. Stone didn't disappoint. His face red, he rushed at Jim like a linebacker, head first. 

"I'm going to fucking kill you, asshole," Stone roared, taking a swing at Jim. Jim moved to the side and tripped Stone, who fell to the floor. Jim hoped that would make Stone stop, but it didn't. He got back up, and rushed again, but Jim put him down with a roundhouse kick to the head. 

"That oriental martial arts bullshit's gonna get real expensive, asshole," Stone growled. Jim said nothing, but watched as Stone pulled a switchblade knife from his pocket. Opening the blade, he rushed at Jim again, but this time, Jim put him down with a kick to the throat. By now, Jim had gone into "combat" mode, and decided it was time to end this fight. 

Now on one knee, Stone reached for the blade, having dropped it when Jim kicked him, but by now, Jim had gotten behind him. He grabbed Stone by the head and quickly twisted, snapping Stone's neck. Stone went limp and Jim, realizing the much bigger man was dead, dropped his body to the floor. 

He calmly sat down across from Donna, who had picked up Stone's pistol. He was too far away to reach Donna, so he sat back. At this point, he really didn't care if she pulled the trigger or not. He pulled out his phone and called 911. 

"I'd like to report an assault," Jim said. "One man is down and there's a woman here with a gun. Thank you," he said, after giving the dispatcher his address. He put his phone away and looked at Donna. 

"You maniac! You killed him with your bare hands," Donna said, shocked. 

"Yeah, I did," Jim said. "The video will show that it was all in self defense. But his blood's on your hands. Just like your first two husbands." Donna's eyes widened. "If you hadn't decided to fuck him on my desk he'd probably still be alive. Tell me, did you know I was there?" 

"Yes," Donna said quietly. "And I didn't care that you saw me. I liked it. But you have to believe me when I tell you that I love you." 

"Love me?" Jim asked. "Is that why you fucked, what, 50 men behind my back? Is that why you let him dig your rings out of your pussy with his tongue? Is that why you refused to let me have sex with you without a condom all these years? Is that why you lied and disrespected me to Stone while you fucked him on my desk at work?" 

"That was just trash talk, Jim. You have to believe me," she said. 

"Bullshit, bitch," Jim said. "So now what? Are you going to finish the job? You've already torn my heart out so are you going to follow that up with a bullet in my brain?" 

"Please, Jim," she said. "We can get through this. I love you and you love me, so we can work it out." Jim shook his head. 

"No, bitch, we can't," he said. "After what I saw and heard, there's no going back. I used to love you, but no more. Right now, I hate you with every fiber of my being and I never, ever want to see you again. I wish to God I'd never laid eyes on you." He saw a tear run down her cheek. 

"You can't mean that," she said. 

"Oh yes, I do," he said. "Your father told me about your previous marriages. Yes, MARRIAGES, as in more than one. He told me about how your first husband killed himself and how your second husband died in a car crash. They still don't know where your third husband is. So I guess that makes me sucker number four. Everything you ever told me was a fucking lie. So, are you going to finish me off? You'd better hurry, cause the cops are on their way here right now." 

"Where did you learn to do that?" Donna asked, motioning to Stone with her head. Jim shrugged his shoulders. 

"I guess you're not the only one who was holding out," Jim said. "A long time ago, before I went to college to get my teaching credentials, I was in the military. I had anger issues during my high school years. You see, my mother was also a cheating slut, just like you. My father ended up divorcing her and it made me very bitter and angry. I took up martial arts while I was in the military, hoping it would help me deal with the anger. 

"I spent some time in Iraq. I won't bore you with the details, but I ended up killing five men in hand-to-hand combat. I still see their dead eyes staring at me in my nightmares. After I got out, I tried to put all that behind me and went to college for my degree. I love kids and I always wanted to be a teacher. You know the rest," he said. "What you saw as a wimp was in reality someone working to keep himself under control." 

"I guess we both have blood on our hands," Donna said quietly. Jim shook his head. 

"There's a big difference," he said. "I did what I had to do to defend myself and others. And I hated myself for it. But you did what you did out of malice. You said it yourself. How many men have you destroyed with your lying and cheating? How many families have you destroyed? You purposefully set out to destroy me and others and you loved it. What, did you think I would applaud you for fucking Stone and just let you do whatever you wanted? Were you really that delusional?" He saw the lights from the police cars and the ambulance outside. 

"You'd better put that gun down," he told her calmly. He knew the cops wouldn't react well to her holding a gun. He watched as she considered her options. What was she thinking, he asked himself. 

Soon, four police officers and an ambulance crew were coming through the door. The lead officer saw the gun in Donna's hand and alerted the others. All four officers drew their sidearms. 

"Drop the gun, ma'am," the lead officer said, his pistol drawn. "I won't tell you again. Drop it! Now!" 

Donna looked at Jim, a tear falling down her cheek. 

"I'm sorry, Jim," she said softly. "For everything. I know you don't believe me, but I really do love you." 

As Jim watched in horror, Donna slowly turned her body, the gun in her hand now aimed at the officers who didn't waste any time responding. Jim recoiled as all four officers fired their weapons. 
