 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

"You're fucking with me," I said, almost wishful.

"I guarantee you, I am not," Blake said with a snicker. 

Indeed, he turned his phone around and there it was. Two full round cheeks and one pink sphincter. Legs apart, knees on the bed. An arch in the back, lifting the asshole up, fully aimed at the camera. Underneath, a shrimpy dick. The upper half of the body couldn't be seen, just the hand that took the photo in the mirror. 

I had never seen an asshole before. Not like this anyway. Sure, there were girls in porn, but somehow those assholes looked different. And the focus was on the cocks and the pussies, not this exit.

I was completely conflicted. To see a shitter in such bright light, I suddenly understood why people did anal. It looked like a pussy of sorts. And the small ridge between the two big butt cheeks was so smooth and clean. That round pink ring looked so tasty. 

I felt my blood surging in my cock until I realized what I was looking at. Or better yet: whom. Suddenly the entirety of it, seeing his balls, the skinny legs spread apart, it was disgusting. Boys shouldn't sit like this. Least of all...

"He looks like a slut, man," Blake said, turning the phone back towards himself and looking at the screen a bit too enamored. "I bet he lets guys rail him all time." Blake automatically, but quickly as if I wouldn't notice, adjusted his crotch. Was that bulge growing? 

"Still doesn't prove anything," I replied. It's one thing if it's true, it's another if it turns Blake on. 

"It says 5 miles," I added, pointing at the distance metric on the profile, in a faint attempt to deny what I already knew was true from the sheets of the bed and the posters on the wall in the video.

"That stuff isn't accurate. Look at those legs. And that's the same carpet isn't it? Your little brother has an online account where he's offering his hole up for every man in town." 

I trembled. Blake was definitely turned on by this thought; I now saw his dick jump a bit in his tight jeans. And that grin on his face wasn't one of disgust either.

Everyone knew Blake banged trannies through online-dating apps. He couldn't stop ranting about it. He often showed them, and they were beautiful women. He never fucked guys who looked like guys. He simply wanted trans women or cross-dressing boys. But because Blake was almost 6 feet 7 absolutely nobody thought this was anything but manly and heterosexual. And he kept on going how their pussies were way better than real ones. Tighter. Take dick without complaints. Can cum from penetration alone if you pump it right.

"He's a virgin," I sighed in a last attempt. 

Jason wasn't a very outgoing person. He was gay, I think, though we never talked about it. Once I jokingly brought it up when we were all eating dinner, but the room fell dead silent. Jason ran up to his room and my mom scolded at me for joking about such things. I wanted to go upstairs and talk to Jason. To hold him and tell him it didn't matter to me. But I felt like a failure older brother for being my lump-headed self and joking about it in front of mom and dad. Besides, he was just generally shy and never had a relationship with a boy or a girl. In fact, he didn't seem interested in sex at all, aside from jerking in his room every now and then. And what boy didn't? No, this couldn't be him.

"Maybe, but he's selling himself as a greedy cumwhore," Blake said. "He sent me three different hole pics and is asking to meet up. You definitely got a faggot in the house man!"

"Shut the fuck up!" A surge of anger took over me when he called Jason a faggot. He wasn't. Even if he was. This was a mistake. I beat Blake until he laughed and gave up. 

"Well you sort that out, I'm going to my other bitch. But I don't know, if I buy your bro a dress I might come back here soon too." 

Blake stuck out his tongue on his way out and I ran after him, and we tussled until he left. 

By the time I returned to my room I couldn't think of anything else but Jason's butthole. It looked so... pretty. Those holes in porn were there to be fucked. Dicks just went in, fitted perfectly and drilled until they found another hole to poke in. Assholes in real life were used for going to the bathroom. There was nothing sexual about them. Especially not boy's assholes.

But for me to see one that looked so clean, so perfectly round and freshly pink, so unshaven that you could kiss it like a woman's lips... it... changed things for me. To be quite honest, it made me rock hard. 

I shook the memory of my mind. The fact that it was an asshole was already too much. That it belonged to my annoying little brother just wouldn't land. It wasn't true. Blake was bullshitting, I told myself. And thus, I returned back to my school work.

****

"Hey, I'm thinking about your cock" I texted anxiously. 

Something had taken me over ever since Blake had sent his first dickpic. It was the most beautiful cock I'd ever seen. Any doubt that I was a cocksucker had evaporated. Though I never actually had sucked one, I did spend many years of jerking to porn, imagining I was the boy on his knees worshipping a man's dick. I'd knock someone out just to sit on Blake's rock-hard cock. Just to feel it's skin and pink tip slide in me. The idea that his male genitals, made for impregnating women, were used to get pleasure out of my boy body, made my cock leak.

It helped that Blake was the hottest man in the world. He was ripped. He wore shirts that accentuated his broad shoulders and perfect bulging biceps. On hot days you could count the six pack through his shirt. I wanted him in ways I didn't know you could want a person. I wanted to kiss his shoulders and lick the sweat off his forehead, I wanted to hear him moan and grab my waist. I wanted his body on top of mine, even if it hurt.

Blake didn't respond to my text. It drove me crazy. Was he into me? Wasn't he? What if he told my brother? The two had been friends forever. 

I tried to take my mind off of Logan finding out I was a faggot. It gave me too much stress. Though my brother was far from mean, he was... a dufus. Don't get me wrong, he was very smart, he was in college after all, and handsome in a traditional sort of way. He barely had any facial hair and he was very muscled but also fat from all the fast food. He could beat a guy up but certainly wouldn't be popular on Mykonos if you catch my drift. And he was the best kind of brother. The one who pulled pranks on you with his jock friends, but still stole candy bars from the local shop for you. He was a boy's boy and I was a girl's boy and we never liked the same things, but we loved each other all the same.

Yet, Logan was an idiot with the tact of a bulldozer. I will never forget how one night at the dinner table he joked about me liking boys. It shook my core. I froze up and couldn't move, in fear of what mom and dad would say. It wasn't a mean-spirited act. It was his way of opening up the conversation, as best as he could. I know because when my parents stayed silent and I looked Logan in his eyes, the look on his face was not of ridicule or disgust, it was of regret over what he had done. What should've been a moment where both my parents casually told me they wouldn't mind it if I was, was now the realization of my deepest fears. They did mind. And they minded that Logan brought up. Logan looked like a guilty puppy, but I couldn't focus on him. I was too embarrassed over the silence of my parents. I excused myself and fled upstairs, ensured I would never come out to anyone. Not even Logan.

Blake's text disrupted my train of thought.

"You home alone?" 

I yelped. I was. Was he seriously thinking about coming over? Could it be happening?

Suddenly my stress hit the roof. I had to clean myself. I had to take that big dick in my virgin ass. It seemed impossible. Improbable at best. 

I had tried to clean my asshole before, just to see how it worked. But the whole water bottle thing was an absolute disaster. I leaned heavily into a fiber diet, but it wasn't as if I could gulp down a banana right now and things would be fine. 

"I'll be there in fifteen,"

My heart stopped. He really was coming over. I tore the clothes off my body and jumped under the shower. I put it closer to my ass than I care for any of my family members to know. Not my proudest moment, but this was an emergency. 

Before I had dried off the doorbell already rang. I was terrified. I was sure I couldn't be the slut I had marketed myself as. Blake would be disappointed and never have sex with me again. 

Ensured I was heading into the most embarrassing moment of my life, I opened the door. 

All my doubts disappeared. Blake hadn't even bothered to put on a shirt. Why would he. The whole town loved him, and half of it wanted to bone him. I'm sure most of them had already. He wore his baseball cap backwards. His blue jeans were tight around his muscled legs. He marched inside and up the stairs like he had done a hundred times, without uttering a word.

I closed the door and followed breathlessly. At 19 I was finally going to be fucked by a man.

"Put this on, Jason," I heard Blake say as I closed the bedroom door behind me. Out of his pocket he had pulled a thong. It was bright pink and when I grabbed it, it didn't feel washed.

"It's from this chick I banged yesterday. Put it on." He commanded.

I would have let him fist me in that moment had he asked. 

I took off the clothes I hastily had put on after the shower and was kind of embarrassed to bear my entire body in front of a boy I had known for so long. Blake didn't budge. He casually sat down on my bed and bit his lip as I undressed. I never felt so sexy in my life. 

When I was entirely naked, my soft cock dangling between my legs, I stepped into the thong and pulled it up. It was the weirdest feeling. The cotton felt extremely soft, but my balls didn't quite fit in it. And I didn't know what to make of the constant feeling that something was in my ass crack. It made me uncomfortable. 

Blake sighed. He started stroking his dick through his pants, obviously enjoying the sight. 

"Come here," he said. 

I walked over to him, as confidently as I could. His large hand grabbed the small of my back and he pulled me on top of his leg, my balls gracing his pants. It turned me on knowing that this hot specimen of a man wanted a boy in his arms, balls in panties and all. Blake kissed me intensely. 

I had never been kissed before. Let alone with tongue. Blake shoved his in my mouth and my entire body melted in his arms. I followed his directions and licked and sucked his tongue as much as I could. 

Blake lifted me up off the ground and into his lap, before standing up and throwing me on the bed.

"I'm going to fuck you bare," he said in a low voice.

The fear took over me again. How.... why... is this how it's supposed to go?

He lifted my legs up until they rested on his shoulders. He took off his pants and wasn't wearing any underwear. His big, white, rock hard cock sprung out of his fly. My asshole twitched. It looked so gorgeous, standing fierce and strong. A tiny drop of precum slid from his slit. 

His cockhead rammed against my puckered, dry hole. It was so warm and softer than I imagined. I moaned. 

Until Blake towered over me, his arms next to my body.

"It's happening!" I thought. "I'm not going to be a virgin anymore!"

The thought was quickly evaporated when I felt him started plowing against my hole. My rectum wouldn't let him in, but after a few times I felt it stretching and a shock electrocuted every fiber in my body. What was this? 

Blake didn't seem to notice and sighed in impatience as he kept pushing. Hard.

I started to scream when I felt my asshole burn. My ring wasn't budging under the pressure. It just hurt even more. My body involuntarily started to struggle in resistance. This wasn't remotely good or erotic. It hurt and I wanted it to stop.

"Please, don't," is all I could say through the pain. The enormous pole lifted from my tiny hole and the pressure was off. The burning seized and I caught my breath. 

Blake however had no intention of stopping. As if nothing happened, he slammed his lower body into my ass. He groaned loudly. His thick dick pushed itself between my ass cheeks but missed my hole, this time pushing against the skin between my ass and my balls. Blake grabbed his cock and adjusted it downwards.

"No, wait," I protested. My entire body was in panic mode. I didn't want to feel the pain again. 

"Shut the fuck up, your cunt," Blake said while looking straight into my eyes. He looked like he was possessed. Completely in heat, ready to mount a bitch. It honestly turned me on. This muscled beast towering over me, ripped from head to toe, ready to impregnate me.

I felt my hole twitch again and allowed him to continue. But when his cock pressed against my asshole, it burned harder than it did before.

Then I heard it. The noise I had heard a billion times. It had annoyed me through my childhood. My dad promised to fix it and never did. The unmistakable sound of my bedroom door creaking. I froze. Blake did not. He turned around and the door slowly closed. Someone had opened it. 

Blake jumped off me and went to look. But I didn't have to see who it was that saw me trying to have sex with a man. My parents would barge in and chastise us. I knew it could only be Logan. 

****

It had been a few weeks since Blake showed me the picture and to be quite honest, I hadn't forgotten about it. The contours of the boy's body were branded in my brain. His perfectly round cheeks that ended in bony, skinny legs you could bend and stretch to your liking. And that perfect slick asshole.... It had unwillingly popped up in my mind the second I started to cum to porn videos of wet pussies being drilled. It was the thing that pushed me over the edge and made me shoot all over my chest and sheets. That soft, beautiful, untouched boy ass. I had convinced myself it wasn't Jason. Even if deep down I knew it was. 

However disgusting I felt after I came, the moment of release made that forbidden thought even more arousing. So, when I was fucking Lesley on a school day afternoon, I wasn't really surprised to find that when I closed my eyes, that boy butt came to me. 

It was almost a familiar picture. So tight, so round yet also slender. My cock rammed inside Lesley's wet pussy, but I barely felt it on my cock. I could've been jerking myself off with a lot of lube to be honest. Lesley, however, was full on into it. She was fingering herself and moaning rather excessively. It turned me even more off, yet I was too far gone to stop. I had to cum. 

I rested my head in her neck and closed my eyes. I thought about bending over that skinny ass. My cock pressed against that hole. My large body on top of that boy body.... And then, for only a second, I thought I heard Jason's voice moaning. My kid brother. The one who always try to outsmart or lecture me. He was moaning in my ear from me fucking his pussy. 

I screamed as I unloaded into Lesley. Warm ropes of my cum shot deep into her stomach. I couldn't stop my thrusting. The thought of giving joy to Jason had taken over my body, though Lesley's pornographic moans quickly overshadowed my fantasy. I dropped my body weight on to her as her long finger nails traced my sweaty back.

However dirty I had felt after fantasizing about Jason while jerking off, knowing it was wrong, I now felt having fucked Lesley while thinking of something else. We weren't a couple. She famously loved sex and used about three different boys on campus for her pleasure. But still... It was like I had betrayed her by cumming not to her but to a boy, to my brother. It was like I had betrayed myself. Was I not straight? Was I a criminal for wanting this? A perv at least. Without saying much I got up, got dressed and rushed home. Lesley did not mind the least. She was already on her phone when I walked out flustered by my fantasies.

When I arrived home my shame had spiraled into an existential crisis. Jerking off to forbidden fantasies was something everyone probably did. But thinking of your brother while fucking a girl? No man, no sane man, would do that. 

"Maybe he wasn't your brother," I kept saying to myself. Blake could still be bullshitting about that picture. God what a lie. I didn't even believe it.

I was so disgusted with myself that I hadn't noticed Blake's bag on the floor of the hall as I stumbled up the stairs. I wanted to lock myself up in my room. As I reached the top of the stairs I paused. What was it that I heard? 

"No, wait," a familiar voice said. I looked at Jason's door. Who was he talking to? 

I then heard a groan. A loud one. A manly one. I couldn't make out what he was saying, but it didn't sound friendly.

My heart started racing in my chest. I knew what I would find and yet I was drawn to the door. I had to open it. I had to see. 

With the delicacy of a librarian placing a classic on the shelf, I pushed down the door handle without making a sound. I knew Jason's door creaked, but we had learned when we were younger how to do it without our parents hearing it, so we could play video games under the covers until midnight. As the door slowly opened, I saw the most erotic image of my life. 

Blake's muscled back and perfectly round ass bare naked for me to gaze at, towering over the body of my younger brother. I never felt a surge of shock mix with absolute horniness take me over so quickly. There it was. The famous image but reversed. The scrawny legs were now dangling in the air. The open butthole being attacked by a monster cock. 

Everything happened so fast. I wanted to see that cock enter the hole. I wanted to lick both. I wanted to jerk off and shoot my load on them. I wanted to make out with Blake and Jason and lick their hot bodies. And then I wanted to run. This was my best friend. My baby brother. These were men. This was wrong. 

Panic took me over and my body didn't listen to my brain. I stumbled out of the door and it creaked close behind me. This wasn't a fantasy. This was real. My best friend is fucking my brother. He was taking his virginity! I ran down the stairs.

"Hey, wait! I can explain," Blake yelled at the top of the stairs. His still hard cock out of his pants, swinging in between his broad muscular thighs. 

A surge of anger took me over. I wasn't thinking anymore. It was animalistic instinct. This predator, this man slut who fucked every hole he could find, was going after my innocent baby brother. I raced up the stairs and jumped onto Blake.

We wrestled like we had done so often, only now it was serious.

"Get the fuck off me!" Blake yelled while punching me in my ribs.

"Fuck you!" Is all I could scream as I thrust my knee into his groin and punched his face. 

Now it was on. We had wrestled for fun so many times, this felt like the ultimate culmination. We knew each other's moves. We knew each other's strengths. And each other's weaknesses. 

Blake tried to put me in a headlock as he always did, and I evaded it by distracting him with my legwork. I successfully wrapped my thighs around his waist and twisted his body, so he had to let his left arm go from my neck. 

"Arggh," Blake groined, more out of defeat than actual pain. He slammed on the floor, pushed himself back up and lunged his fist at my shoulder. He knew I had a bruise from my childhood there that never fully recovered. 

I shrieked in agony. Blake used the opportunity to hit me again and this time I felt my bottom lip being penetrated by my upper teeth. The distinct taste of blood filled my mouth. 

Without thinking, without seeing, in pure unadulterated anger, I quickly threw my body forward, however painful my shoulder was, and slammed Blake back down to the floor with just my weight. I pushed his arms up, while my knees kept his body down. Never mind that I felt his bare cock under my pants. I wheezed and grunted as I caught my breath on top of him. He was unable to move.
