 John and Dan met up every other Sunday at Andy’s pub downtown to drink. That wasn’t all they ever did together, but for the past few weeks John hadn’t been showing up to their plans. Dan was waiting for John in their usual booth. He knew John would show up. He hadn’t missed their little meet up in years. He hadn’t even been late until that night. When John finally did show up he looked like hell. His clothes were disheveled, his eyes were bloodshot, and his hair was all messed up. “John?” Dan asked, getting up. “Are you doing okay? You look like crap.”

John slouched into the booth, waving his hand at his friend to sit back down. “Yeah.. yeah..” he grumbled. “I just need a drink. I’ve had a hell of a bad week.” Dan nodded and got up, coming back a few minutes later with something for John to drink. “Jane kicked me out, and now she wants a divorce.” He said after taking a few long sips.

“God damn. I’m sorry to hear that. Where are you staying?”

“A hotel outside town. Shitty little place. I haven’t been able to sleep this whole time.”

“You know you can come stay with me. We’ve got a guest room upstairs that blows any crummy hotel out of the water.” Dan laughed. John smiled.

“Thank you.” John said. He wasn’t going to tell Dan, but the reason he had gotten kicked out by Jane was an affair he had been having with her sister. Of course, Dan and his family weren’t close with Jane, only John, so they never heard that story. They only heard the version where he called her out for an affair she was having, she said he didn’t trust her, and kicked him out.

While Samantha, Dans wife, wasn’t completely sure about letting him stay at their house, it didn’t take much to convince her. John and Dan arrived slightly buzzed at dans house a few hours later. Dan and Sam went to bed together while John set up in the guest room. After a few minutes he got thirsty and headed out to the kitchen to grab a glass of water. He passed a bathroom where someone was taking a shower. John grabbed a glass and filled it at the sink.

He drank it, turned around and bumped into a short girl with short purple hair in pajama bottoms and a tank top. The girl looked up at John, who was a good foot and a half taller than the her, and smiled. “Uncle John.” She said, hugging him. “Mom said you’d be staying with us.” He hugged her back.

It had been quite some time since he had seen her. In that time shed cut and dyed her hair, and continued to fill out in a way John appreciated. She pulled back after a moment. “It’s good to see you too Kylie.”

“So what couch are you sleeping on?” She asked. They had a habit if giving eachother a hard time.

“I’m staying in the guest room, back that way.” He motioned with his head. Kylie blushed a tiny bit as she realized exactly where he was staying.

“O-oh...” she said, looking nervous. “That’s right next to my room. Pretty nice. Doesn’t have a bathroom like mine though.” She said.

“Well then you wouldn’t mind if I used it, would you? Your parents are asleep by now and I think your brothers showering in the main one.”

She seemed nervous about it for a moment but nodded. “Sure. I guess.” She said and lead him into her room. John glanced around at the posters for bands he had never heard of, before going in to use her bathroom. When he came out she was fiddling with something in her closet. When she noticed him she quickly stood up and spun around to face him. He smiled and thanked her before leaving.

On his way out into the hallway John bumped into a short, half naked, dripping wet boy. He had a slim, feminine figure that wasn’t all that different from his sister, or his mother for that matter. The boy smiled shyly. “Hi uncle John.” The boy said.

John smiled and glanced subtly at his body. He’d be lying if he said he didn’t find him cute. John smiled back. “Hey kid.” He pulled the boy against him into a tight hug. He seemed tense at the sudden hug, but relaxed and embraced him after a moment. Josh hugged John with one arm, holding his towel up just below his waist. When he pulled away John noticed the little strip of black pubic hair.

Josh blushed a little and pulled the towel up and tight. “Mom told me about what happened. I’m really sorry.” John smiled a little bit.

“Yeah, me too.” He responded. “But that kind of thing happens. Not much feeling bad for myself will fix.” Josh nodded and started to head down to his bedroom at the other end of the house. John followed, enjoying the view from behind. “You’re graduating this year, aren’t you?” He asked, in an excuse to continue staring at the boys plump butt that was outlined in the towel.

Josh nodded as they reached his room. John looked at it for a moment. There was something strangely familiar about that boys messy bedroom that he couldn’t quite place. After a moment John stepped away and said goodnight, heading back to his own room.

He spent some time laying naked in bed wondering about his familiarity with that room that he had never been in before. Nothing came to him though. Eventually something else came to mind. Kylie had been acting nervous when he was using her bathroom, and had been fiddling around with something in her closet. He got up and walked over to his closet which was only a thin wall away from hers.

He got down on his knees and examined that thin wall. The only thing of interest that he could find was a bunch of duct tape that was covering a section of the wall just about hip level. He pulled it off slowly and found the back of a dress. He poked his finger through the hole and shifted the dress just enough to see through. On the other side Kylie was facing away from him, naked and drying off from her shower.

He pulled away before she could notice him, quietly reapplying the duct tape square. He took note of the hole, Kylie’s beautiful backside, and went back to bed. He wanted her. He had wanted her when she pressed her curvy little body against him earlier, but now that he had found her little glory hole and seen the little tattoo above her ass that her parents almost certainly didn’t know about he wanted her even more.

He also wanted Josh. The boy was shy, and not nearly as ostentatious with his sexuality, but he was cute. John was certain he was gay. He had told John so when he was fourteen, in different words. He remembered, as he laid in bed, the boy confiding in him that he thought he liked boys the way that other boys his liked girls. John reassured him that it was perfectly fine, and that some boys liked boys, some girls liked girls, and some people like both. John didn’t tell him that he happened to like both.

He had the next day off of work and got to lounge around Dan’s lavish house with his wife and kids. The two had met in college and had ventured into vastly different economic directions, all while remaining friends. Dan’s house was far nicer than John’s apartment, and he had every intention of enjoying his time there.

There was a pool out back, surrounded by a patio with chairs perfect for sunning in. When john woke up, noon, and got dressed he found Sam laying in one of the chairs, sunning her bikini clad body. She was small and fit, and well tanned. She was a trophy wife if John had ever seen one. She was wearing sunglasses that made it tough for him to tell if she was watching him or not as he approached.

Sam smiled when he got closer. “Hello John. “ she said as she sat up. She took off her sunglasses revealing her piercing blue eyes. They were John’s favorite thing about her. Or at least, his favorite thing he could remember. He nodded and smiled. She quickly rolled over onto her stomach and nodded to a bottle of tanning oil next to her. “Would you mind?” She asked.

“Not at all.” He said as he approached her. He applied a thick layer to her back and began rubbing it in. Sam liked John. She liked him a lot, for a lot of reasons. He was always chill, and charming. He had big, strong hands that were perfect for applying tanning oil. Above everything else though she like him because of what happened on her wedding night.

Dan was a lightweight. Always was and always would be. That, however, never stopped him from trying his hardest to go drink for drink with John on any occasion he could, his wedding to Sam being no exception. By the end of the party both were completely wasted, Dan passed out and John carrying him.

The guests had cleared out of the ballroom and the pair had gone off to the hotel bar to continue drinking. At the bar Dan confessed a few rather private details to John. He told him how Sam had a lot more experience than he did, and they had barely done anything before. He also told him how kinky she was, and how when they had disappeared she requested he tie her up, blindfold her, and come back whenever he wanted.

John found this information very interesting. Because of that information when Dan passed out he stole his room key, dumped him in the wrong room, his own, and went upstairs to break in his best friends blushing bride. His cock was practically busting out of his pants as he rode the elevator up. He rushed down the hall to the room and threw the door open. And there Sam was. Perfect tan ass sticking up, white wedding lingerie missing the panties. He closed the door and she turned. She was blindfolded.

“Come on Dan!” She moaned to John. “I want my husband’s cock!” She shook her plump ass for him, or for Dan. It didn’t matter much with how drunk he was. He came up behind her slowly, unzipping his pants and letting his cock spring out. Hard he was nearly 11 inches long, and thicker than Sam’s cute wrist. He grabbed her ass with both hands, rough enough to draw a moan. She should have known then that he wasn’t Dan, his hands were too big, but she was too deep in the moment to notice.

John puller her ass closer to him and started grinding his cock against her pussy. At first she moaned, but as his long thick shaft slide against her cunt she noticed that it was far too big. “Wait.” She said. John didn’t wait. He dug his fingers into the soft flesh of her hips, positioned his head against her hole, and thrusted. Sam’s legs shook as he entered her, letting out a loud moan.

She didn’t know who the man inside of her was, but she knew she liked his cock more than her new husband’s. Dan was one of the smallest men she had been with. John grunted and started to pull out, thrusting in slower this time, but just as hard. She moaned again, and again as he fucked her, grabbing her ass and slapping it around a little. Sam had forgotten about her husband completely. She didn’t even care if this stranger was technically raping her, it didn’t feel that different from when she had worked that glory hole in college.

John leaned over, pressing his chest against her back, still thrusting away loving the feeling of her cunt. He grabbed her big fakr tits. He’d always loved her tits, both before and after the surgery. Sam moaned again, bucking and pushing back against John’s cock. She’d always loved having her tits grabbed and fondled, and John was doing it just perfectly. “Oh fuck! Just like that!” She moaned out.

Her legs shook, her whole body shivered, and she came for the first time since she had been with Dan. John slowed down a little bit when she came, coming to a stop and pulling out. She was breathing heavily, and fidgeting against her bonds. “I don’t know who you are...” Sam mumbled through her post orgasm haze. “But I’m so glad you found me before my husband.”

John grabbed a fist full of her hair and tilted her head back. He stroked his member over her face, producing a soft slapping sound. Sam was well aware of what was coming. She opened her mouth expectantly. After a few moments he grunted and mumbled “Fuck...” under his breath. At least he thought it was under his breath. When he was drunk he had trouble controlling the volume of his voice. “Fuck...” He practically shouted.

Sam recognized his voice instantly, but before she could respond he was already covering her face in his cum. He just kept cumming, all over her face and hair, with a lot landing in her mouth. She swallowed what she could obediently, and when John put his cock in her mouth, she cleaned it.

Sam liked John a lot after that. A few more encounters like that and she would probably love him, maybe more than her husband. Even just having him rub her down with his big strong hands was bringing her back to that night. She wanted to take off her top and and ask him to get her tits, like they were in a porno.

It was a shame John didn’t remember his best friends wedding night. He was far too drunk to remember anything after the party. Not remembering that night did nothing to stop him from wanting Sam. If she had asked what she wanted he would have taken her right there, where Kylie, Josh, or any one if the neighbors could have seen. But neither asked or acted. When John finished he went back inside, his cock stiff, while Samantha laid on her stomach, aching and wet.

He wanted Sam now too. She had only gotten more beautiful since that night. John went into the guest room and masturbated to clear his head. John had a problem with sex, which was a lot like his problem with alcohol. It was all he thought about most days, and if he wasn’t inside of someone for even a few days he would get shaky. The solution he had found in high school was to give in and fuck as often as he possibly could. Lucky for him he was naturally well endowed, had a very short refractory period, and was attractive. All of that added up to him becoming the best most people would ever have.

His wife Jane been well aware that no man she was likely to find would be able to match up to John. She was also aware of his problem, and the fact that she could never be enough for him. That was why she put up with his many affairs. She didn’t care about the many times she had caught him in bed with any number of her friends and coworkers, often multiple at the same time. She didn’t even mind the many times she caught him in bed with young men, who often looked like girls, despite whole heartedly believing it was a sin. She put all of her morals aside, everything she had been raised to believe about relationships, because of John’s cock.

That, of course, changed when he overstepped and fucked her sister. Nothing changed in their relationship the first hundred or so times that he fucked her, things only changed when Jane caught them fucking. Emma had been addicted to her brother-in-laws cock for years, since the two had come to stay at Emma and her husband’s cabin for the week. John had pounded Jane into unconsciousness, as he often did, but was still wide awake and horny as hell, as he often was.

Usually he would just walk out of their apartment, still naked and dripping cum, get in the elevator and blindly push a button. No matter what floor he ended up on there would be at least a half dozen doors he could knock on and get an eager partner. That’s assuming no one on his floor stopped him in the hallway. In that cabin, however, that wasn’t really an option. The only other people around were Emma and her husband Mike.

He never thought straight when he was horny, and that night was no exception. Without thinking he left the little bedroom downstairs, naked and leaving a trail of fresh cum behind him. Emma and Mike had gotten into a bit of an argument earlier that day, and he wasn’t all that surprised to find Emma laying on the couch in the basement entertainment center. The tv was on quietly chatting away. John came up quietly behind the couch. “Mind if I join you?” He asked.

She jumped a little bit and turned over her shoulder. She couldn’t see below his stomach, and had no idea that he was naked. She sat up, smiled and nodded. “Not at all John.” There was an empty chair off to their right. Emma looked at the tv, and when she looked back he was sitting in the chair, and she noticed that he was naked. She blushed and looked away, but not before noticing the size of his flaccid cock.

“You had a fight with Mike?” He asked nonchalantly, as if it wasn’t strange that he was naked in front of his wife’s sister.

She was surprised by how calm he was, and couldn’t help but wonder if he was sober. Caught off guard she hesitantly looked back and nodded. “Yeah. He wasn’t very happy about you two joining us.” She said, being more honest than she intended to be.

John knew very well that Mike didn’t like him very much. Most men either loved him because of his cock, or hated him, also because of his cock. “Why not?”

“He doesn’t like you...” Emma said, now looking at John normally, as if he were fully clothed. “He says you remind of the kind of guys that bullied him in high school. He won’t say it, but I think you also remind of the guy his first girlfriend cheated on him with.” She glanced down at his cock, which dwarfed Mike’s.

John laughed. He couldn’t help it. Emma was caught off guard again. “What does he think I’m going to do? Does he think in going to fuck you on the couch?” John asked, still laughing. That was exactly what he planned on doing, and exactly what Mike feared would happen. Emma stared at his cock, which twitched slightly as he stood up. “You’re completely faithful, right?” He asked, leading her.

After a second she snapped out of her trance and nodded to the question she had barely understood. “Yeah, completely.” She agreed.

“Well then prove his fears and distrust wrong.” John said as he approached her. She was laying back on the couch, facing him. She was covered by a thin blanket and wearing only a tank top and pajama bottoms that were starting to get wet. “All you have to do, is nothing.” Her heart pounded as he stood over her. He grabbed his hardening cock and pressed the head against her lips. “Just don’t open your mouth and suck my cock.” He said, using his other hand to hold her hair.

For several moments they locked eyes, and neither moved. Slowly Emma’s lips parted enough for John’s cock to slide into her mouth. She loved the way that he tasted, unaware that it was at least partially her sisters cunt that she was tasting. He pulled her head up, standing still and forcing his meat down her throat.

He pulled her head up and down, fucking her throat relentlessly. She submitted to him completely, masturbating under the blanket. He used her face as a fuck toy for several minutes before pulling out. He wanted to use her cunt too. When he pulled out he was completely hard and had somehow gotten even bigger. “Oh my God...” She mumbled as she stared at it. He wasn’t listening.

John pulled the blanket off of her. “Lets try again.” He said, leaning down and pulling her wet pajama bottoms and panties off. She lifted her legs to help him so it. “Prove Mike wrong. Stay faithful.” He said, a hint of sarcasm in his voice. He grabbed her hips and spun her around so she was facing him. He pressed his shaft against her pussy and rubbed, thrusting slowly. “Tell me to stop and I will. You’ll still be faithful.”

She whimpered, bucking her hips against his cock. Even if she stopped there, which she wasn’t capable of, she wouldn’t have still been faithful. She had sucked her brother-in-laws cock, had masturbated while he was doing it. She was a cheating whore. “Just say no.” John said temptingly.

She put her hands on his chest and whimpered again. “John...” She moaned. He smiled at her. “I... I...” He thrust slightly, grinding against her clit. In a moment of clarity she said, very clearly “stop...” He was surprised, but he started to pull away anyways. As he pulled away regret flooded her mind, forming a pit in her stomach. The idea of only ever having Mike’s tiny dick for the rest of her life. A terrible thought. The last ten times they had slept together were only half as pleasurable, and had only lasted half as long, as when he was fucking her face. A second passed and she quickly recovered. “Stop teasing me...” She stuttered and finished. “I need...” She mumbled. He smiled and pressed his cockhead against the opening of her snatch.
