 Charlie Parkinson and I had always been best buds. During summer break from the time we were knee-high grasshoppers, we could always be found with our pants rolled up with our bare feet stuck in the Missouri red clay mud. He lived one farm over. Wherever I went he seemed to follow. I got used to having him tagging along behind me. Eventually, we became best friends. Even as teenagers we could be seen together working side by side for our fathers in the local farmers market twice a week. To all the country folk like us, we had developed a good reputation. Our approach to life was like day and night, we were complete opposites. Being raised in the country had established in me roots that still guided me in my adult life. Charlie did not he had no depth he was a canvas blowing in the wind not really having any plans or directions besides doing what he liked or loved at the time. Each day his like or dislikes would change depending on what he saw or heard. 

Every other Sunday we were helping one of our mothers out cooking and preparing those special Sunday dinners. Sunday was set aside to be family time. Besides feeding the animals everything else could wait. My parents raised me in a home where there was no man's job or a woman's job. If one needed help the other pitched in. Each of them encouraged us as we worked in their kitchens or in the fields. Our questions always pushed their thinking into expanding how they did things. Thinking back, it was me who was asking them. As a result, at a young age, I discovered a real interest in cooking. Charlie to be a bit different got into baking. 

Charlie found he loved baking and had gotten hired for the weekends by a local bakery when he was thirteen. The more colorful the decorations on his creations the better he liked it. I got hired on at a local ma and pa restaurant and started working my way up. With them, I got to use to doing everything or anything when needed. Every spare moment I had, as a result, was glued to the food channel. For me, it was a gift. I watched and learned as I saw many pushing the envelope. 

It became a family tradition that every time our parents shared a meal, we each had to create our own item. The only restriction was that it had to complement the dinner. Neither one of us saw it a chore to both of us it was fun. It didn't take long to learn the one's toughest critics could be your own parents. 

By the time we reached high school, it was well known what our lifelong career path was going to be. Charles and I both went to our prospective culinary schools out of grade ten and had excelled. It had been quite the fight with my parents they thought I should finish grade twelve, but I held my ground until they finally gave in. 

At the age of twenty, we both were working our way up in the restaurant industry getting the needed experience at a young age. As a result, life had drawn us apart. By accident, we both had returned home at the same time. We were catching up. 

The first time we saw Tracy was at the local fall fair back home. We had both had come home to help our family's quest for the 'best in' rewards for the umpteenth year. We both said the same thing about her without meeting her at all. The way she looked walked and carried herself said it all. 

The lady knew she was hot and was not afraid to use her assets to her advantage. We called her a mankiller because at that time she was verbally riding what we thought was her date's ass because of something she thought he had done. We joked that by the time she got through with him he'd be lucky to have his balls left. We joked that if the mankiller ever got married it would be to a wimp because we got the impression from her that she always must be the one in control. 

We laughed because we felt with her attitude no man had a chance. The man would be better off crawling into a hole and dying. The profanity coming out of her mouth because of her anger was very telling. If we could give it a description, we most likely would say it was blue lightening. 

An hour later the giant Ferris Wheel broke down. The volunteer fire department was called. There were two little very scared little girls stuck at the very top. Charlie and I were soon climbing our way up each carrying rope to bring the stranded people down. We had started lowering them down when the firemen showed up. Between us all, it took about an hour, but we got it done. The two little girls were reconnected with their mom. Right afterward we went over to the legion's beer stand to award ourselves with a cold one. 

We were just about finished our first one trying to decide if we had time for another one when the mankiller showed up planting another. 

"This is my way of saying thank you for saving my cousins children from a frightful situation. My name is Tracy Barton." Said the mankiller as she offered her hand. 

"This is my best friend Charlie Patterson and I'm Riley Pearson. It's nice to meet you and thank you for the beers but it really wasn't necessary." I said. 

"Are you two locals." She asked. 

That ended up with us explaining we were just back home to see the fair and to catch up with things because we both had professional jobs working for pristine restaurants in the city. We learned that she was in university and was visiting. I happened to mention that I had seen her with her boyfriend. She laughed and said I would not date a stupid ass like that, that was my cousin. My taking him down a peg or two was long overdue. 

It was about two weeks later after the dinner rush was over when one of the waiters came over to me. Riley, there's a mother and daughter that want to give their compliments to the chef in person and since you're the highest-ranking Jr. Chef still on it should be you. With nothing pending, I took the time to go out bringing with me a couple of complimentary specialty desserts. It was Tracy and her mom. We talked for a few and I thought nothing of it. At the end of my shift, I found herself waiting for me. That's how our relationship started. 

Before we knew it, I thought we were going steady. I must admit that it was never confirmed but assumed because of how much time we were spending together. So were Charlie and her but sadly neither of us knew it. She was playing us both but man the sex was good. She was able to ride us hard always leaving us exhausted but wanting to come back for more. Morning sex and slipping out of her dorm afterward was tricky. She was still a mankiller because for me anyway by the time she was done with me all I wanted to do was roll over and sleep. But we were young and foolish. It was going well until we all got caught by unexpected consequences. 

Charlie and I had it out in our own way when he learned about the rumor that she might be pregnant. This caused a lot of friction between us that day because he had walked in bragging to me that he was going to be a father. When I asked who the lucky woman was, he said Tracy Barton. It hit me like a ton of bricks. My heart was broken but I hide my feelings well. I swore to myself that Charlie would never know that she was involved with both of us. I knew he was incapable of handling it. It was apparent that he did not know about me. I thought it out repeated in my mind that day until I found the answer, I felt I needed. 

Since I was not at the point where I ready to settle down and Charlie insisted that he was. I decided to step aside without telling him. I was convincing myself that she truly loved him more based on what he was telling me. I gave my notice figuring the mankiller would say yes to my best friend. I knew I had to move away. Either way, I knew our lifelong friendship had just ended for good because of the mankiller. I could not truly accept what had to happen. It would take a long time before I would remember what Charlie the man had been about. 

Six years later 

I noticed the mankiller as soon as she walked in that Friday with one of the shareholders of our restaurant. It was first thing in the morning before we opened. I knew something was up because we never allowed visitors at this time of the day because too much was going on. At this time of day, it looked like a disorganized mess. Dishes being set up for easy access for the cooking line, veggies being cut, salads being made, and meat being cut and prepared for the day. She didn't seem to recognize me as I worked in the busy kitchen before opening with my staff. We were preparing for the heavy crowd, we expected from lunchtime until the end of that night. Perhaps it was the full beard that I had grown or the fact that I had added a few more inches to my height. I was now six foot three with a thirty-six-inch waist but because of my height, I looked underweight. That was because I wore off what I ate cooking up to fourteen hours a day. Most of my staff thought I was a work acholic who had no social life at all. 

Most who never have seen the inside of a restaurant kitchen has no knowledge of how much prep work is required beforehand. The start of the day was the stage when we got all the things ready for the start of the business day. Today's special was salmon steak, brown rice, baby asparagus with a lemony tartar sauce which required a special side dish. I was thankful for that. Being organized and ready was a requirement. It gave us the time to set up my kitchen each day to smooth the flow out. My staff thought I was a bit anal about that but that was my way and it worked. It made our lunchtime service time short and effective. We were able to supply a quick in and out service for the office crowd. Over the last three years because of my approach the restaurant had grown in stature throughout our state. 

The mankiller was the last person I wanted back in my life. I had seen her work her magic only once. For me, that was once too often. It was a day because of what happened that I kept reliving in my mind. I still work up from nightmares as a result. The professionals I had gone to see had said I was dealing with a version of PDS because of the extreme violence I had witnessed. They thought I would finally overcome it when true understanding about the whole situation came out. 

She walked in like always did carrying herself well acting like she owned the place. Looking just as stunning as she had back then. Even though she had dressed down to hide her natural curves it did not work. It didn't matter what she wore she always looked too dam hot. Even like now when trying to appear more conservative and business-like in a dress her body shape just wouldn't allow it. She'd had always been that attractive and she knew it. 

At five foot eight with thirty-six dd breasts and a waist tighter than most other women everything she did automatically served to enhance her curves. The softness and warmth her body openly advertised drove all normal men wild. With a set of hips that were designed to wrap around a man's body tight while in the passion of making love. Any man would willingly become hers if she wanted him. Having natural reddish-brown hair, emerald eyes and a smile that would melt the coldest heart only enhanced her overall image. She had the class, style, and grace that made any man she was with, stand out above the crowd. Even childbirth hadn't changed her or lessened her sensuality in any way. At any time, any place or anywhere most men would be tripping over her as long as she didn't have a wedding ring. 

Although it had been almost six years it appeared to me that time had not changed a thing about the mankiller. Men were still attracted to her like bees were to the sweet nectar of a flower. I knew of the power she held in her hand. With it she was deadly. In my eye's Tracy was still as beautiful as she was back then. The proof could be seen by the reaction of my male staff. More than one had their eyes popping out of their heads while others moved behind the counters to hide their growing erections. I knew that tonight she would be the what who filled their dreams. My female staff's eyes were filled with envy as she was what they wished they could be. 

Many a man had drooled over her, yet few had ever tasted her delights. I know because at one time I had been one of them. On her side was what I believed might be her current husband an older man who was proudly showing her as his valued trophy. Behind her was a very little mini version of her walking and acting the same way. I knew the mini her was a mankiller in the making. 

Our co-owner a shareholder announced the unexpected news. The gentleman with her had bought out all of the company's shareholders but one. Which gave him controlling rights to the building and the business. Both had been built from the ground when we started the company. The deal was already completed, and he would be taking over at the end of the month. He was going to franchise the whole restaurant operation that I had help to build thus turning it into a national chain within the next five years. This was to be his anchor restaurant. A place to wine and dine with his prospective clients, as he gave them a first-hand view of everything. Everyone was shocked! I wasn't. 

I had seen this type of rodeo before. Some made it in the long run but a lot more didn't. It depended on the man behind it. Was he a long-time player or is he in it just to make a fast dollar? Planning to stay just long enough to get top dollar out of it before it began to collapse from lack of structure. The hooters chain that no longer existed was a good example. 

It was my specialty dishes that I had created that had made this restaurant one of the top five in the state. I wasn't worried about this shit. I had enough saved that I could start my own if I wanted. I didn't need this place. It needed me. It would be easy to find another job when they heard I had left. I wouldn't even have to look. They would come to me. Looking at her caused that day to flash before me a lot stronger than before. I used to be able to hide it before when it happened but this time I couldn't. I knew I had to make a decision right or wrong. 

That was when I decided. I undid my full-length white apron and took it off. I handed it to the second in charge. My loyal staff went into a state of disbelieving because on their eye's I couldn't be doing what I was doing. Yet I was. I had just said fuck it in my own mind. 

"The kitchen is all yours now," I said to my second just before I went toward the staff locker room. 

I headed towards the locker room planning to clean my locker out for the final time. 

The one who had made the announcement came running towards me yelling "Hey wait. The sale only goes through if you agree to stay." 

"Was it the new owner's idea or his wife's" I asked? 

"She's not his wife but is that important?" he asked. 

'I said no because I really don't give a shit. Just tell the mankiller," I responded, "that out of respect for the departed Charlie I think it's best for all that I just move on," as I began cleaning out my locker. "Let them know that they can buy out my shares." 

In a panic, he ran out to convey my thoughts. 

You see Charlie was my brother in every way but blood. He had died a few years back from a bullet. It had gone up from beneath his chin taking the top of his head when he was stoned out and overloaded on cocaine. The resulting blood spray landed on all of our faces. He went out that way because the lady who had just walked back into my life had refused to accept his marriage proposal. How do I know all this? I was there with the police officers trying to convince him not to do it. Maybe she could forget but I could not because I still lived with the memory of it daily. Watching a dear friend kill himself is something you will never forget. To this day I wondered if she provided him the gun. 

I heard the sound of high heels on the tiled floor getting louder as they came in my direction. From the moment of Charlie's death onward I had not talked to the bitch and really did not want to. The sound of those heels tipped me off. The mankiller was headed back towards me. Just seeing her again was a living reminder of what I was still trying to put behind me. I decided to be cold, and distant. To keep our conversation very short while not allowing my emotions to show. The less time I had to deal with the mankiller the better for the sanity of my own mind. In part, I was a bit afraid of her. I had a good reason to be. If she could cause Charlie to do what he did to himself. I had often wondered what she could have pushed me to do in the name of love. That kind of power over another scared me. 

"Riley stop! it's been almost six years. We must talk about what happened back then. At least to find out the whole truth about it all. You running to stay away from me because you can't face what happened is not going to help either of us resolve any of it." The mankiller said as she walked in holding my apron, "We collectively must find a way to put Charlie's death behind us for the better good. If either one of us wants to be free enough to move forward with our lives." 

"I can't I witnessed his death that night after you ended it with him. He was so looking forward to stepping up and taking responsibility for his daughter. You refused him. He couldn't deal with the pain" I replied. "You know it as do I. As a result, we have nothing to talk about. So why start now?" 

Just then the mini version walked in. That was when I noticed the mini version's hazel colored eyes. Charlie's family on both sides all had brown eyes. She wasn't Charlie's daughter as I had thought. Oh, shit I thought instantly that meant there had to be a third guy she was going with during that time. That proved beyond a doubt that shed' been a better player than either of us. Charlie and I had been nothing but a pair of horny young fools. I was wondering who he was and what he knew. Then the mankiller introduced her to me. 

"This is my daughter whom I named after her "Father." Riley this is Mr. Pearson the Master Chef I have told you about." The mankiller said. "Now you know why it's important that we talk. Honey could you go back to your grandpa. I need to talk to Mr. Pearson for a bit in private" 

Her words hit me like a ton of brick. I was stunned because instantly I knew what I had believed for so long had been wrong. What I had gone through for the last five years because of what I thought, I had done to myself. I was so mad because of what happened I had run instead of trying to find out what the truth was. 

Shit, I said to myself. The one thing I could always say about the mankiller was that she never lied no matter how much trouble she was in. She had the strength of character that made her accept the consequences of her actions and admit it. Now I knew why the mankiller had refused to marry him. Her character was not the type that would allow her to saddle a man with someone else's child. I knew that Riley was mine. The past was beginning to make a lot of sense. I found myself fighting the urge to choke up. I just sat down and buried my head into my hands as I gathered my thoughts. With a cracked voice, I spoke. 

"Did Charlie know the truth?" I asked because I had to know. 

"Yes, I had told him earlier the same day that he died. He knew you were the father. I had wanted to tell you first. Charlie had to find out the hard way why I could not marry him. He just could not take a simple answer. He had to know the whole story. He like you didn't even know that I was also involved with each of you." The mankiller said. "I knew just as you did that, he always had difficulty accepting the real truth. Even when he was presented with the facts. Today, he would be regarded as a snowflake. A shallow person having no depth. Societies perfect example of a wimp because he always needed someone to tell him what to do or think." 
