 It was the weekend right after my high school graduation. My two brothers and I had planned to celebrate by taking a long weekend and roughing it in the mountains. They both took Friday off of work and we spent the morning packing all of our gear. We'd spent quite a bit of our childhood in the gorgeous forests behind our house, so this trip was nothing new to us. Just maybe a little more special than the rest. 

Cash tosses me a thick sleeping bag and I pack it away in the back of his truck. I'm almost out of room to stuff in anything else, so I motion for him to throw the next one to Cody, who's packing the back seat of his own truck. I watch them toss our tents and the rest of our crap into the back, smiling slightly, thinking about how much we all need this trip. Cody's pyscho ex-girlfriend just broke up with him (again), so it'll be good for him to get away from town for a few days. Cash has been restless as hell lately, annoying all of us. Our father definitely needs a break from all of us too. For me, this was my last get away before a summer of long work days and then heading to college in the late fall. 

I'd spent most of my life taking care of Cody, Cash and my father. My mother died a few years after I was born, the brutal Wyoming winters causing her to wreck and be stranded for 16 hours. By the time they found her, it was too late. I don't remember her well, just what I've been told and the few pictures I have of her. Of course I missed having a mother figure around, but I'm incredibly thankful for the boys as well. I could completely fend for myself out in the wild because of them, and have never had a problem standing up for myself. Even if I ended up on the losing end of a fight, I'd have two burly boys standing behind me to scare everyone away. 

Cody broke me out of my thinking spell, yelling across the yard, "You ready yet?" 

He brushes blond locks out of his green eyes, shielding the sun with his hand. I roll my eyes and nod, running inside to give Daddy one last hug and kiss. He makes me promise to keep the boys in line, like I've had time to do anything else my entire life. I run out the door, grabbing Cash's keys off the work bench and tossing them to him as I climb into the passenger seat of his old Chevy. Cody's pickup rumbles to life and rolls out the driveway, with us right behind him. 

About forty-five minutes later, we pull up to our usual spot. Most people drive to the end of trails here and then hike in, but we weren't feeling that ambitious this weekend, so we parked just outside the mowed campsite. I had a feeling the boys would want to make a beer run back to town later anyways, even though they promised Daddy they wouldn't.

By the time we've each made several trips back and forth and have finally gotten everything unloaded from the pickups, it's nearing what I would imagine to be 5 o'clock. We've always had a "no phone" rule, not that it mattered much anyways, as we had little to no service this far out. They stayed in the truck in case of emergencies only. The sun was sinking behind the trees though, the cool of the evening settling over us quickly. 

Cash combs through the forest for logs and dry sticks as Cody sets up our tents and I dig through the cooler, pulling out the hotdogs and condiments. I set aside a bag of marshmallows too, feeling the child in me shaking with excitement. Once our survivalist Cash has the fire roaring, I feed the hotdogs onto sticks and hand one to each of the boys. We kick back in our lawn chairs, feet propped up close to the cackling logs. It was still fairly warm out tonight, which was rare for Wyoming, even in the dead of the summer. I was already making plans to sneak out and swim after the boys went to sleep. 

All those hotdogs must've made them thirsty because not much later they asked if I wanted something to drink, then their trucks roared to life as they headed back into town. Cody was the only one old enough to buy beer, having just turned 21 over the long winter. Cash followed closely behind at 20, and I trailed in at almost 19. Momma and Daddy didn't waste any time with us, always having the dream of us being close growing up. I'm sure if she hadn't passed that we would have had a large family.

I take the opportunity while the boys are gone to lay out our sleeping bags in our tents. The boys have always shared a larger tent, while I have a little cheap one. It's never staked far from theirs and I'd spent countless nights lulled to sleep by their whispers and giggles as kids. The fire is dying down so I grab a couple more logs and toss them in, watching the sparks fly up. I know they'll be gone for a while longer, and probably already be a little tipsy when they get back, so I cut a path through the woods to the small pond we alway fish in. 

The stars are out bright tonight, the moon almost full. It illuminates the pond and the trees surrounding it, a peacefulness falling over everything. The crickets and the bullfrogs make quite a bit of noise, but nothing out of the ordinary out here. I plop myself down on a bigger stone next to the water, dipping my toes in. It isn't as chilly as I expected it to be, but we've also had some really warm days lately, even up this high in elevation. Feeling brave, I glance around before pulling off my loose t-shirt. I have a simple lace bralette under it, never being girly enough to wear actual push up bras unless it was for a formal occasion. I pause, then start shoving my daisy dukes down over my wide hips. I shrug, telling myself to live a little. Biting my lip, I check out my surroundings once more before shimmying out of my matching lace underwear and then the bralette. I giggle like a little kid, the feeling of being naked in the wilderness is exhilarating. 

I pile my clothes on the dead tree sticking partway out of the water, and use it to feel my way deeper into the pond. Goosebumps raise on my skin as the cold water practically seeps into my bones. I figure I have a good 20 minutes before the boys get back, and I'll hear their trucks coming anyways. I glide deeper out, the water now just brushing my nipples. They stand at attention, little droplets of water clinging to them, glowing in the moonlight. I've always been busty, something that I had a hard time with when I was younger. I didn't like being ahead of the other girls my age, and didn't have anyone to talk to about bras or how it drew boys attention. However, in the last couple years I'd grown to love them. I'd discovered the internet and realized that large breasts weren't the end of my life, and that mine hung nicely. At a D cup, they were easy enough to find cute bras for and gave me the perfect amount of cleavage when I wanted to tease the boys. 

The rest of my body, however, I was still learning to love. Wearing shorts had just become a new thing for me, finally gaining the confidence to show off my thunder thighs. My lower half was definitely a little heavier than my top, and I'd always been insecure about it. It was yet another thing that drew unwanted attention, and my brothers had spent plenty of time fending off assholes that stared a little too long. 

I'd been spacing off and losing myself in the cool of the water when an engine startled me. The boys were back already. I waded just a tad deeper, so that everything was underwater and waited for them to come looking for me. I'm sure they already had an idea of where I was at if I wasn't back at camp. Sure enough, the pickup doors slammed shut and their hearty laughs broke through the peacefulness of the night. Their words weren't slurred yet, but it was getting close. Sticks broke and leaves rustled as they made their way down the path, disturbing literally everything that had been still just five minutes before. I see them break through the tree line and scan the water for my protruding head, Cash wobbling a little too close to the edge of the pond. He holds a beer can in his hand, the whiteness of his smile glowing. 

Cody reaches out to snag Cash by the shirt collar and tug him back, bumping him into his muscled chest. Both boys are well defined from working on the ranch for the last few years, with biceps enough to make every girl (and some guys) drool. I can see those green eyes of his are glassy, which happens after a few drinks. He has our momma's eyes, almost identical from what I can tell from the pictures. Cash and I have light blue eyes , with a dark circle around the outside and flecks of gold strewn through them. While my hair was blonde like Codys, Cash and our father had dark brown hair, though Daddies was starting to gray. 

"Ayyeeee Cece, water cold?" Cash throws an arm around his brothers shoulder, hanging onto him. He giggles like a child and takes a swig, "We have some of your favorites back at camp! Graduation present." 

That got me excited, they both knew I loved apple ale but rarely bought it for me. I laughed and started heading towards shore before gasping and remembering that I was naked. Cody tilts his head at me questioningly and then busts out in laugher when he glances over to my clothes hanging from the tree. 

"Hmm little sis must've felt wild tonight." he grins as he grabs Cash by the shoulders and turns him towards my clothes. A wicked smile crosses his face as he catches on to what's happening, and he swiftly snatches them up. 

Holding them up like a trophy, he shakes them at me. "Welllllll gotta come get your booze if you want someee. Better make it quick!" He giggles again as he dashes back into the trees, stumbling slightly and then catching himself. 

"Cody, stop him!" I screech at my usually level-headed brother. 

I hear Cody sigh, still smirking. "Sorry Cee, you know how he is. See you in a bit." 

I watch him trail back to camp, shaking, partly from frustration and partly because I'm starting to get cold. Groaning, I figure there's nothing else I can do so I start making my way out of the pond. The night air on a cold body is somehow worse than being in the cold lake, so I shake what water I can off and hurry up the path. I stop just outside the camp, seeing both boys sitting around the fire with their drinks. My clothes are nowhere in sight, but I have my pack of extras in my tent. I try my hardest to tiptoe around the site to get as close as I can to the tents, keeping hidden in the trees. The boys fall quiet and I can see grins come to their faces, knowing I'm not fooling them in the least. 

Once I'm as close as I can get, I make a mad dash for my safe haven of a tent, silently kicking myself for not getting one that has a door in the back as well. I struggle with the zipper, trying to be quick, before I finally realize it's been zip-tied shut. I let out a frustrated shriek and dash for their tent, listening to them laugh behind me. I know my one small hand is not doing a great job covering my large ass and that I'm pretty much on full display. I rip open their door and grab the closest thing I find, Codys sleeping bag. Wrapping it around myself, I turn to glare at them. 

"Y'all are assholes. Cut that tie now so I can get my clothes, the fun is over." 

Their eyes glow bright in the fire, squinting with laughter. Cash slaps his knee emphatically, "Cee you should have seen the look on your face when I grabbed them clothes." 

Everyone always called me Cece, even though my name was actually Cassiopeia. Momma had a fondness for the stars, and had there been another girl after me, she would have been Andromeda, or Addie. Cass was always too close to Cash, so I was dubbed Cece, unless I was in trouble. 

I cross my arms, hugging the sleeping bag tighter. "Oh really, does my face look funny now?" I set my mouth straight, attempting to look even more pissed than I already was so they knew I wasn't joking around anymore. 

Cody raises an eyebrow, digging into his jeans pocket and pulls out his knife, holding it out towards me. "Here. Grumpy ass." 

I stomp over to him, reaching out to snatch it when my foot catches on the spare log laying next to the fire pit. I lurch forward, his fingers clamping around my wrist as my arms flail. The sleeping bag starts to fall and I make an attempt to grab it as the end goes up in flames. Cody yanks hard on me, pulling me into his chest as Cash swats the bag out of my hands, and kicks it in the general direction of the fire pit. Unfortunately, thats also the direction of my tent. I gasp as the corner goes up in flames as well, Cody pulling me further away from it all as we watch in horror. Cash snaps from the trance we're in and grabs the water jug by the cooler, dousing the shriveling tent. The smell of burning plastic fills the air and I bury my face into Codys chest. The water does little to help the fiery mass that was my tent, and my bag with all of my clothes, though it tames the big flames. We stand in awe as it smolders, dark smoke rising up through the trees. 

All of a sudden I'm very much in tune with my nakedness, and my closeness to Cody. I'm still pressed against him, huddled close, the top of my head falling just under his chin. I yank away quickly, just as soon as both boys realize what's going on. We freeze yet again, staring at each other. Cash makes no attempt to stop his eyes from wandering to my pert ass, and Cody has a full view of the girls, nipples hard from rubbing against his shirt fabric. I blush about ten shades of red and we all snap out of our trance. Cash yanks his own shirt off, throwing it at me, as we all glance away quickly. I pull it over my head, tugging it down to cover as much of my ass as I can. 

"Uh, shit. I have a clean pair of boxers you can wear. Was that all of your clothes?" Cody stutters, avoiding eye contact. 

"Yeah, that all that was in the bag thankfully. And my hair brush I guess..."

I stare at the ground, not wanting to look at Cash without a shirt on right now either. Cody goes over to their tent and finds his bag, pulling out a pair of his (hopefully clean) boxers and hands them to me. As I pull them on, noting that they're a little snug on my hips, Cody glances around the inside of their tent. He looks up at us and shrugs, "Well... we now have one tent and one sleeping bag. Maybe we should take this weekend as a loss and head home..."

We all look pretty defeated and I hear Cash sigh deeply. All of a sudden, the stubbornness comes out in me. I know that we all need this getaway more than we'll ever admit.

"No. We've been through a hell of a lot worse than this before and I'm not going to let my mistakes ruin our celebrations this weekend. If we need to, we can go home tomorrow and get another tent and more clothes, but I'll be damned if I'm not spending the rest of this weekend up in these mountains with my favorite people." 

I can see grins on the boys faces, and Cash digs in the cooler and hands me an ale. Winking at me, he grabs his bottle and tips it towards Cody and I. We laugh as we clink our bottles against his and start our traditional chug. The boys beat me done by a long shot, Cash nudging my shoulder and making some crude comment about me needing to learn to suck better. A log falls in the fire pit, sending a spray of amber into the air, and despite the awkward clothings, I'm finally feeling like everything is right again. 

—

The night wears on as we get much further from sober. Finally I tell the boys that they're more than I can handle and that I'm going to bed. I head to Cody's truck and grab the extra blanket we always keep in there just in case, and then crawl in the tent. Normally I would have slept mostly naked, but even with my clouded brain I knew I couldn't do that tonight. I unzip Cash's sleeping bag and lay it out flat, trying to take as little space as I could in the corner. I throw the blanket out over me and spread the rest out so that the boys can just crawl under when they go to bed. The alcohol has warmed me and made me sleepy, so I'm out in no time. 

-

I awaken to the zipper being undone, I'm not sure how long it's been since I've gone to sleep. I don't open my eyes, hearing the small lantern click on and knowing it would practically blind me. They're attempting to whisper to each other, the whiskey working its magic on their ability to pronunciate. 

"Okay like I know that's probably gross and all, but like Cee's got a big ole butt. Not in a bad way though. Like damn." 

That came from Cody, enticing a round of giggles from Cash. I can feel my face turning red, so I tilt my face in towards the pillow slightly.

"SHH SH SHHHHH. You're going to wake her up!" Cash not so very quietly announces after seeing me move. I'm struggling to keep a straight face at this point, my heart beating harder. Part of me wants them to keep talking, needing to hear what else they would say about me. 

My wishes come true as Cash sits down on the sleeping bag next to me, pulling the covers up so he can slide under. The covers hover in the air for a second, and I can feel his eyes on me. 

"Yeah. You're right. Amy's ass never compared to Cee's, I always thought about that when we swam together." 

I blush again, but feel a small sense of pride knowing that I was better than Cody's ex girlfriend. I was always self conscious around her petite body. 

Cody sighs, then chuckles slightly, plopping down next to Cash. "Dude, we need to go to sleep. We're talking pretty crazy." 

They pull the blanket more towards them and I let it slide off me slightly, as I suddenly felt much warmer. The lantern is clicked off and the tent bathed in darkness. Cash scoots closer towards me, giving his brother some more room. His shoulder, which is still naked, presses firmly in between my shoulder blades, and I can feel his arm trail down my back, resting just above my cheeks. It doesn't take them long and their snores fill the night. I eventually drift back off to sleep, my mind wandering all over the place. 

—

I awaken again some time in the middle of the night. That's one thing that really sucks about not having phones close by, I always like to know what time it is. Something seems off though, but as I slowly come out of my slumber I can't place it. Cash is much closer, a hot mass pressed against my back. I can feel myself get sweatier, his hot breath on the back of my neck. That's what's wrong, he no longer sounds like a jake brake. His breathing is shallower, like he's trying to be quiet. He must feel me stir because he goes still, and his breath catches. 

"Cash? You okay?" I whisper, starting to roll towards him. I can still feel the effects of the alcohol, getting a little dizzy in the dark.

His hand grips my waist, stopping me. I swivel my head, straining to see him. It's damn near pitch black out, the moon having just gone behind the trees. 

"Uh.. yeah, I'm fine. Go back to sleep Cee."

I raise my eyebrows, struggling against his grip so that I can lay on my back. I finally turn, something slimy brushing my bare thigh where the boxers have ridden up. Cash jerks away slightly and sucks in a deep breath. My under the influence brain finally pieces together what is going on and I gasp, "Cash, what the fuck?!" 

"Damnit Cee, I told you to go back to sleep."

We're whisper yelling at this point, and he drops his voice so as not to wake Cody, "I couldn't sleep, okay? Mind ya own business."

I let out an exasperated sigh, "Yeah, well YOUR business is touching my leg." Before thinking my actions through, I reach back and push his cock away from my thigh. I immediately freeze when I realize what I'm doing, which doesn't help matters at all. You see, I'm not what most would call an experienced girl for my age. Yeah yeah, a few handys in the back seat after baseball games, and I have gone all the way before, but only once. Which was not an experience I cared to recall. 

"Cee."

"Yeah..?"

"You're holding my dick."

"Oh. Yeah. Sorry."
