 Author's Note: This story takes place in a universe without STDs. If you have any hangups about any sexual activity between consenting adults, you probably don't want to read this, as it is about INCEST, MALE & FEMALE BISEXUALITY, with INTERRACIAL fun, too. Comments are always enjoyed. 

The Play 

"I have received a most interesting request," Professor John Smith announced at the beginning of theater class for that term. "Since our policy is to always bring these type of requests, those that affect everyone, to your collective attention, I find that I must share this request with you, as off the wall as it is. Someone has proposed that we do the play Family Debauchery for our play this term. Other than the student who submitted this, has anyone heard of Family Debauchery?" 

"Wasn't it controversial?" Mary Lou asked. 

"Very," Professor Smith replied. "In fact, it was so controversial that it never played. Too much pressure was brought to bear." 

"Why is it so controversial?" Todd asked. 

"For starters, the theme," Professor Smith replied. "Incest is not a subject that most people are comfortable discussing, much less sitting through a play about." 

"We shouldn't have to be afraid of discussing anything," Sheila said. 

"I agree," Professor Smith said, "but discussing incest and doing a play based upon it are two very different things." 

"That's it, it's controversial because of the subject?" Rod asked. 

"It's also controversial because the play involves nudity and sex," Professor Smith replied. "Live, actual sex on stage, not faked." 

The silence that greeted this was deafening. Everyone was shocked to one degree or another. 

"A pornographic play?" Susan asked. 

"Essentially, yes," Professor Smith replied. 

"Would we be allowed to even put on such a play?" James asked. 

"That's another question altogether," Professor Smith answered. "The first question I have is are you as a class interested in seriously considering this play along with a few others that I was going to suggest?" 

"What if I don't want to do a play like this?" Suzi asked. 

"Our policy has always been that we all agree on the play," Professor Smith said. "If everyone isn't buying in, fully invested, then it won't work and that's not what we're about. It's not just learning to act or learning how a play works, it's also exploring yourself, challenging yourself, learning about yourselves." 

"What would happen to us if we did a play like this?" Tim asked. "I want an acting career. I wasn't thinking of being type-cast and limited to porn. Wouldn't that be likely?" 

"It would be a definite possibility," Professor Smith agreed, nodding. "One thing is certain, it would be an historical event. Everyone involved would end up famous, their names known in the annals of theater history, for better or for worse." 

"So, if we go on stage and have sex together, we'll be famous?" Sara asked. 

"Only if you're good," Sam called out, which caused everyone to burst out in laughter. 

"It sounded funny," Professor Smith said when they had gotten control of themselves, wiping the tears from their cheeks, "but Sam had a valid point. Anyone can go on stage and have sex; not everyone can act, play a part, sell it, engage the audience, draw them into the story so that they're a part of the story by the time it ends. That is the essence that we strive for in theater. So let me ask you right now; do any of you refuse to consider a play of this sort?" he asked, looking at his 16 students. 

There was a lot of fidgeting as everyone looked around, gauging their fellow students while thinking about it. 

"I have to admit that I'm a bit surprised," Professor Smith said after a couple of minutes when nobody had spoken up to demur. "I'll have copies of the play prepared for you for the next class. Meanwhile, come pick up a copy of each of the three plays that I suggest we consider; Victor, Victoria, The Taming of the Shrew, and Rent, which is based on Giacomo Puccini's opera La Boehme. 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

"It looks like it's going to be an interesting class this term," John said when he sat down for dinner that evening. 

"Do you know who suggested Family Debauchery for our play?" Sara asked. 

"I couldn't tell you if I did, Sara," John said. "You know that." 

"But dad, how could we possibly get away with putting on a play like that?" Brian asked. 

"Did you say Family Debauchery?" Trish asked, staring at her twins, then her husband. 

"Yes," Sara replied. "Someone in our class proposed it for our play this term. Do you know about it?" 

"It was very controversial a number of years ago, before you were born," Trish replied. "You're going to do Family Debauchery?" she asked, looking at her husband. 

"That's up to the class," John replied, "as it always is. I explained it broadly, what the subject matter is, that it involves nudity and live sex on stage. None of them said that they wouldn't do a play like that." 

"Really!" Trish exclaimed. "You didn't speak up?" she asked Sara. 

Even though they were twins, there was nothing identical about them. Sara was just over 5' tall with short red hair and green eyes. She had a pert, upturned nose with pale freckled skin, like her father. She had been born singing a song and had studied dance her whole life, from ballet to ballroom. Brian was 6'5" with short blonde hair and blue eyes, like his mother. An all-around athlete, he was extremely well fit at 225lbs. Like his sister, though, he had a passion for acting, even though he was working towards a degree in computer science. 

"I haven't seen the play script yet," Sara replied. 

"But you know what is involved," Trish said. 

"I want to read it before I make any judgments," Sara said. 

"But you'd consider doing a play that required you to have real sex on stage in front of an audience?" Trish asked, her face showing her astonishment. 

"I don't know, maybe," Sara replied. 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

"John, how did this happen?" Trish asked that night when they were in bed. 

"One of the students submitted it," John said, then explained. "I was floored, but I decided that ignoring it would create even more of an issue, so I just dealt with it like any other student suggestion that gets submitted. I don't think that they're going to be interested after reading the play script," he added. 

"It didn't stop us," Trish reminded him, "and kids are a lot more open-minded these days in general." 

"Do you really think that Sara would do something like that?" John asked. 

"In one way she far surpasses me at the same age," Trish said. "Her love and need of attention. That was a part of my decision to do it, I don't mind admitting now." 

"You just like being watched when you're having sex," John said with a laugh. 

"I seem to remember you enjoyed watching," Trish said. 

"And I still never get tired of it," John said. 

"You're changing the subject," Trish complained. "If they do any serious research, they're going to find out about us." 

"If they do, then we'll deal with it," John said. "I've been thinking about this. I could lose my job. There are so many downsides to doing this, more than back then, it feels. Including the kids. But I never have and will never have any sense of shame or embarrassment about it." 

"There's an upside?" Trish asked. 

"Just like back then," John replied. "It's still about making history, being a catalyst for change, exploring our boundaries." 

"I hope that they pick one of the other plays," Trish said, rolling over and taking John's cock into her mouth, sliding her leg across his body so that he could glue his mouth to her pussy. 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

"Would you really have live sex on stage?" Brian asked his twin as they walked to class the next day. 

"I don't know, maybe," Sara replied. "Would you do it?" 

"I don't know, probably," Brian answered. "But I'm a guy. I think it's a bit different." 

"It shouldn't be," Sara said with some heat. "But I don't think that we're going to need to worry about it. I'm sure that some of the class will not want anything to do with it." 

"And how are you going to vote?" Brian asked. 

"Like I told mom, I need to read the play script first," Sara replied. "Then I'll decide which script I like the best." 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

"Okay, you've all had a chance to read all four of the scripts," Professor Smith said. "We're now going to go through the process of deciding which one you want to do. Keep in mind that it's very unlikely that everyone's first choice is the same. You need to be flexible. This is about acting, remember, and learning the process. In the real world, you're not always going to get the parts you want, you'll have to settle for parts that maybe weren't your first choice. That's the same here." 

"What we'll do is just a show of hands for each of the plays," Professor Smith explained. "Then we'll eliminate the one with the fewest votes and do it again until we only have one." 

To John's surprise, Victor, Victoria was the first one eliminated, followed by The Taming of the Shrew, while more than half of the class voted for Family Debauchery on each vote. 

"We're down to the last two," Professor Smith announced. "I'd like a few of you to stand up and explain why you want either of the two that we're still considering." 

"I like Rent because of how edgy it is," Todd said. "I mean, Puccini wrote it in 1895 and you only have to transpose the time and place to find that we have the exact same problems still today." 

"Rent excited me," Janice said. "There's something really raw about it. I mean, it hits all of the buttons; alcohol, drugs, homosexuality, it's got it all." 

"I think Family Debauchery is incredibly in your face," Suzi said. "I mean, I couldn't argue with anyone who says that it's pornographic, but at the same time it really puts a taboo issue front and center." 

"I think Family Debauchery is downright nasty," Becky said. "I haven't been able to stop thinking about it since I read the script. Just reading it, it pushed me, challenged me. I think it would be great to try to do that on stage." 

John let students speak until everyone who wanted to say something had said it. 

"Okay, let's see hands for Rent," Professor Smith said. "And Family Debauchery? Well, the three of you who voted for Rent, now that you've seen how everyone feels, do you think you could vote for Family Debauchery and take part in the play? And the same question in reverse for the rest of you; if one of our class isn't comfortable with Family Debauchery, would you be willing to do Rent?" 

There was a lot of good-natured banter back and forth for several minutes and then Becky asked a question. 

"I'm not sure that I could have sex in front of other people," she said, blushing. "Just the nudity would be difficult, but I think I could do that. Is there any way that the script could be adjusted so that I have a less intense part?" 

"I'm glad someone asked this question," Professor Smith said, smiling at Becky. "I'm sure the same thought is in more minds than yours." 

There were murmurs of agreement. 

"We can tweak the script as much as we like," Professor Smith said. "But if you change it too much, you risk losing the flavor of what it's supposed to be." 

There was more discussion for several minutes, then a quiet as they all turned to face him. 

"We've decided that we all want to do Family Debauchery," Sara announced, smiling at the shock in her father's eyes. 

She and Brian had always kept the fact that they were the children of Professor Smith a secret. They didn't want any problems or accusations of favoritism. 

"Then we're going to prepare ourselves for Family Debauchery," Professor Smith announced. "I must tell you how surprised I am. I don't say that to denigrate you, just that I'm surprised that you'd choose to do something like this, which superficially seems very crude, but whose depths explores a serious reality and problem that has persisted in being a problem in society for as long as we have written records." 

"Now, there are several blatantly male-male sexual situations as well as female-female. Other than the question of how you'd feel about playing those parts, I wonder if we should consider to what degree we want to shock our audience's perceptions. Nudity is the first hurdle, live sex the next. Our society is still very divided in its reaction to male-male sex, more so than female-female. Do we want to change those scenes so that we don't go too far in shocking our audience?" 

"Why should the guys get off easy?" Amber asked. "I'm not gay, yet there are many girl-girl sex scenes. Do you really think the audience is going to think that that's normal? If we're going to do this play, let's do it the right way." 

There was a murmur of conversation with some of the guys looking decidedly uncomfortable. 

"Are you really going to have sex together?" Suzi asked, looking at Sara and Brian. 

"We'll follow the script," Sara replied. "Since it's a play about incest, maybe we'll add some reality to things." 

"But you'd have sex with your own brother?" Suzi persisted. 

"I've never thought about it before, but if that's what is called for in the play..." Sara said. 

"This is going to be the most challenging learning experience you'll probably have in your lives," Professor Smith said. "Not only will you learn how to study and play a part in a play, how to produce a play, you will also learn a lot about yourselves, more than most people will in a lifetime. You will all also more than likely have sex with each other to one degree or another." 

"Let me emphasize one thing; acting is acting. Just because you play a murderer doesn't make you one, any more than playing a pianist makes you one. One is acting, the other is life, reality. What we try to do as actors is to portray a particular reality, oftentimes one that is the complete opposite your own personal one. You will often play a part that involves some action that you would never consider doing in your real life, which applies more than anything to Brian and Sara if they're willing to play their parts." 

A consensus was reached that they wanted to be as faithful to the original script as possible. 

"Well, we can assign parts now if you'd like," Professor Smith said. 

The next hour was spent dividing up the parts. There were only a few people who specifically wanted a certain part, Brian and Sara among them, and there were two parts that everyone felt should go to certain persons, Sister Angie and Friar Tuck. In the end, the assigned parts were: 

Jason Carter - father James 

Siona Carter - mother Amber 

Jenna Carter - daughter Sara 

Oliver Carter - son Brian 

Harry Carter - Jason's brother Rod 

Belle Carter - Harry's wife Janice 

Victor Salver - Belle's brother Todd 

Sister Angie - sister to Jason & Harry Susan 

Friar Tuck Charlie 

Bob Nichols - neighbor Tim 

Nancy Nichols - Bob's wife Suzi 

Dave Nichols - Bob Nichol's brother Jimmy 

Sandy Nichols - son Alex 

Cheri Nichols - daughter Joy 

Sally Kramm - Nancy's sister Sheila 

"Okay, if everyone is satisfied, we'll call it a day," Professor Smith said. "Read the script again, this time highlighting your parts. We'll do a reading next class." 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

"My god, John, it's like deja vu," Trish said that night when they were in bed. "What are we going to do?" 

"We're not going to do anything," John replied. "You know as well as I that if we try to influence them one way, that their natural inclination is to always go in a different direction." 

"Oliver and Jenna have sex scenes together," Trish pointed out. "They're brother and sister," Trish pointed out. 

"And this is a play about incest," John reminded her. "We spent almost a year rehearsing for it. We weren't the only ones who studied, read anything and everything we could about incest. Every single one of us came to the same conclusion in the end, that with the advent of modern contraceptives, that it should be permissible for consenting adults to have sex with whomever they want, no matter how closely they might be related. Birth defects caused by close consanguineal relationships were the original basis for the prohibition on incest." 

"I remember," Trish sighed, pulling John over on top of her, lifting her legs up around his waist and arching her hips when she felt his cock find her wet pussy and slide in. "I just thought the play was out of our lives," she added as John began to fuck her. 

"I didn't realize that you felt that way," John said. "If it hadn't been for that play, we'd never have met, gotten married, raised two exceptional kids." 

"I misspoke," Trish admitted, fucking back at him as he continued to thrust all 8" of his cock into her. "That play was the best part of my life, especially because it gave me you." 

"You just liked having an excuse to fuck several different guys every day," John said with a laugh as he continued fucking her. 

"And you liked to watch and hated fucking all the other girls," Trish retorted, her pussy squeezing John's cock. 

"It's great, isn't it?" John asked, covering her mouth with his own. 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

"As you might have noticed," Professor Smith said at the next class, "the script is merely an outline with certain dialogues already set. This is deliberate. I want a spontaneous fleshing out of the dialogue by you as the play progresses. This will require you to get into the character, to wear the role in order to spontaneously and realistically fill in the blanks, so to speak." 

"Today we're just going to do a dry read-through," he continued. "There is some strong language that not everyone uses or is comfortable using in their lives. Don't be afraid to read what's in front of you. There's no rush." 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

"It was amazing to see how people got nervous during the read-through today," Sara said that night at dinner. 

"I was wondering how they're going to deal with actually getting into the rehearsals and everything," Brian said. 

"Do you think that you're going to find it easy?" Trish asked. 

"No," Brian replied. "I'm not sure how I'm going to deal with certain parts." 

"Believe it or not, as you get more familiar and comfortable with the script, you'll find that you start accepting more and more as your mind stops recoiling at the ideas," John explained. 

"What parts bother you?" Sara asked. 

"Well, the same-sex parts most of all," Brian replied, blushing. "I just can't imagine doing that, being able to do that, much less on a stage in front of people." 

"And having sex scenes with your sister doesn't bother you?" Trish asked. 

"Well, yeah, of course," Brian replied, "but not as much." 

"What about you, Sara," John asked, "are you bothered by any of your scenes?" 

"No," Sara replied, eliciting a gasp from Trish. "It's all still so abstract to me. Maybe I'll react differently as things progress." 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

"Gosh, I don't know how I'd react if Philip and Christine had sex together," Molly said, grunting as John fucked her, her legs wrapped around his waist. 

"Your own children?" Trish gasped, grunting as Chet's big cock slammed back into her pussy as she lay on her back next to Molly. 

"They're grown adults," Molly said, squeezing John's cock with her pussy. "I'd let my brother fuck me if he ever had the nerve to try," she added, laughing. 

"You're no help," Trish said, laughing, then groaning when she felt Chet's cock swell inside of her then begin to pulse as he came, filling her pussy with cum. 
