 This is an entry into the 2019 Summer Lovin' Story Contest, so if you enjoy this romping foray into taboo incest, please vote. 

*******************

Summers were hard for me. It wasn't the work at the golf course that was made life difficult. It was lust. Pure simple lust. Lust for my mother.

I know that makes me a pervert. Maybe next year after I go off to college I can find a job there instead of spending summers here at our vacation home in the Catskills.

What made things worse was my mother's lack of decency and discretion. Weekdays when my father was at work in the city, my mother carried on an affair with Mrs. Jensen. They weren't always careful to be discreet and mask their sexual proclivity.

It was last year, the lightening from the storm forced the golf course to close early in the afternoon. The thunder boomed, dominating the sound of the rain and anything else, Mrs. Jensen's moans, the slurping sound of a tongue on pussy, when I walked in on them.

It was an awesome erotic sight, my mother naked butt in the air, her face buried between Mrs. Jensen's thighs. The expression of pleasure on Mrs. Jensen's face, the sight of her playing with her own boobs while my mother licked and sucked on her pussy, sent signals of arousal to my cock that couldn't be controlled.

I stood there silently rubbing my crotch, wanting desperately to whip my engorged penis out and jerk off to the obscene display of woman-on-woman sex.

"Fuck," Mrs. Jensen called out when she looked up and noticed me.

I panicked. I ran straight to my room and locked the door behind me. I needed to finish myself off.

Ten minutes later there was a knock on my door and the voice of my mother saying she needed to talk.

"I'm sorry," she said. "We should have been more discreet and done it in my bedroom, not on the living room floor."

I nodded in agreement.

"You're old enough to understand," my mother explained. "A woman has needs, sexual needs. Both Susan and I are in sexless relationships with our husbands. Your father hasn't made love to me in a couple of years."

I looked at her puzzled. Why was she telling me this? Was this an excuse? I didn't really care, I already suspected they were having a sexual affair.

"Mom," I said. "It's alright. You don't need to explain."

"I want you to understand," she went on. "I want to be open and honest with you. Your father doesn't want me anymore. Not since he started banging that young fucking slut at his office."

Mom was being blunt, she never talked like that in front of me before.

"Did that turn you off to men?" I asked thinking that's why she and Mrs. Jensen were having an affair.

"No," she replied. "But there aren't many men I'm attracted to that are available. There's one I really would like to have sex with but he isn't, well, it isn't right at this time. Maybe sometime in the future."

She stared at me for a moment and then broke out in a little smile.

"You're not going to tell anyone about this," she said inquisitively. "It would be quite a scandal," she added.

"I won't, Mom," I told her. I didn't know what came over me at that moment. "You and Mrs. Jensen are hot. I mean, you both have nice bodies. It was turning me on watching you," I confessed.

"Thank you," she responded. Then, with a smile, she gave me a small kiss on the lips that sent another wave of arousal through me. Thank god she left my room. I really needed to relieve myself again.

For the rest of that summer, Mom would show her magnificent body off to me, I thought intentionally. She would leave her bedroom door open while she undressed at night knowing I had to pass her room going to bed. Occasionally she made breakfast for me wearing nothing but a robe that had a tendency to get loose leaving me glimpses of her mature curvy figure.

My mother was a knock-out. She had long red hair, beautifully shaped breasts and a perfectly rounded ass. That sight of her butt in the air eating out Mrs. Jensen fueled many a nocturnal emission.

Now, I was about to spend another summer sexually frustrated and teased by my mother. That's why summer at the vacation house was so hard to tolerate. I was determined to make this one my last.

The Thursday of the first week this summer golf was washed out early from the torrential downpour. As I walked up to the house I noticed Mrs. Jensen's car. I knew exactly what was going on inside so I let myself in quietly, hoping they wouldn't notice me.

I could hear talking coming from my mother's bedroom. Thankfully the door was slightly ajar so I could peek in.

"So, Susan, it's been a while. Did you get any action over the winter?" my mother asked Mrs. Jensen.

"Actually yes, Kim," she replied. "I've been having an affair with a guy from church. His wife's a bitch so I figured it wouldn't be hard to seduce him."

"Really?" my mother responded. "Tell me about it." The two women were simultaneously talking while undressing each other, pawing at each other's tits, kissing randomly.

"We were at a church dinner," Mrs. Jensen started to tell the tale. "While everyone seemed preoccupied I grabbed him and took him up to the church office and locked the door behind us. Needless to say, when I took his cock in my mouth he was hooked," she laughed. "That bitch wife of his never gave him a blow job."

"I wish I could swallow some cock," my mother said. "It's so frustrating."

By now they were both naked in the bed. I unbuttoned my pants and pulled the zipper down to relieve the pressure of my erection.

"What about, you know, your," Mrs. Jensen started saying, pausing. "He's eighteen now, right?"

Wow, I thought. Does my mom have an eye for some young stud my age?

"Yes," my mother responded. "But it's tricky and awkward. I don't have a plan I think will work yet."

"I'll give it some thought as well," Mrs. Jensen said.

With that their conversation ended and they were into each other full blown. Mrs. Jensen went down on my mother giving me a view of my mother being pleasured. I did pull my raging cock out of my pants and started stroking it to sounds of my mother moaning.

"Oh Babe Yes," my mother screamed as she appeared to orgasm. I couldn't take anymore. I quickly ran into my room and shot my load.

What do I do now? I thought. I couldn't let them discover me in the house messed with my own sticky cum. Shit. I had to think of something fast.

I snuck back out of the house without my poncho and figured if my clothes were soaking wet I had an excuse to quickly change them when I reentered the house and announced that I was home.

"Hi Mom, I'm home," I called out to warn them. "They closed the golf course because of the rain."

"Come here babe," my mother beckoned. "We're in my bedroom."

Did I hear correctly? Maybe they both don't care since I caught them last year. I had to walk past my mother's room to get to mine. When I got there my mother was standing naked in the door.

"You're soaking wet," she exclaimed. "Come here and let's get you out of those wet clothes," my mother said dragging me to the adjacent bathroom. "Here, let me help you with that," she said to me pulling down my pants.

My mother was toweling me dry. I couldn't control my erection.

"I'm sorry mom," I apologized as she gently dried me from the crack of my ass to my balls.

"That's nothing to be sorry about," she said. "It's natural. Besides you have a very nice looking cock," my mother commented wrapping her fingers around it.

My mother led me back to the bedroom, naked, my stiff rod leading me.

"Hi Billy," Mrs. Jensen greeted me.

"Hello Mrs. Jensen," I replied.

"Call me Susan," she told me. "We're all pretty informal here." She laughed.

"Here," sit down on the bed with us," my mother gestured.

"We were just having a little pleasure time," Mrs. Jensen said. "Why don't you join us? You're a grown man now."

"Here in the middle," my mother beckoned.

They positioned me lying down between them, my cock standing straight up. Mrs. Jenkins leaned in and kissed me, her tongue quickly parting my lips. She took my right hand and placed it on her breast.

"Do you like my boobies?" Mrs. Jensen asked me. They are beautiful, not quite as large as my mother's but perfectly sized to her frame. They were soft and malleable. Her nipples were erect and hard.

Suddenly I felt my cock inside a warm moist mouth. My mother was sucking my cock, licking my balls, running her tongue up and down my shaft. It was getting to be too much. I was about ready to explode again. My mother must have sensed my impending orgasm, she pulled back off me.

"Doesn't he have the most beautiful cock, Susan?" she asked her female friend.

"Lovely, nice and thick," Mrs. Jensen replied to my mother. "He is definitely a stretcher," she concluded.

"Yes, definitely," Mom agreed. Then my mother did something I could ever imagine she would do. She straddled me, grabbed my cock and lifted herself up. She lined the tip of my cock with her opening and she lowered herself slowly down.

"Oooo, that stretch feels wonderful," my mother cried out as I felt her warm tight pussy envelope my throbbing penis. 'Oh Babe, you fill my cunt nicely," Mom cooed.

My mother moaned as she rocked back and forth. My cock was feeling all sides of her inner vagina. "Fuck Babe, I'm going to cum," she cried out. I felt her warm juices flowing like a river over my balls.

My mother leaned forward and kissed me firmly on my lips. "Roll me over and fuck me hard," she whispered in my ear." I did as she asked, staying inside her as we changed positions. "Fuck me Babe, fuck me good."

I pounded my mother furiously, pushing in as deep as possible with each thrust. We were both panting hard as the rhythm picked up. I felt myself tense up. Mom felt me too.

"Cum inside me babe," she cried.

"Ahh, Ahh," I screamed as I shot streams of my sperm into my mother. Her vaginal muscles tightened around my cock as I unloaded in her.

I was spent. I just had the most incredible fuck of my life and it was with my mother. I rolled off her, lying on my back, my cock deflating, trying to catch my breath.

"Mind if I clean up?" Mrs. Jensen asked not waiting for an answer as she dove between my mother's spread legs. "I love the mixture of boy and girl cum," she reported between slurps.

Mom turned her head to me. "That was incredible. Thank you."

I didn't know how to respond. I basked in the moment. I figured we would have to deal with what we just did at some point but the time wasn't now. The three of us laid in bed a while, my arm around my mother, her head in my chest and Mrs. Jensen fondling my balls and flaccid cock.

After a while resting, Mrs. Jensen got up out of the bed and informed us she was going to rummage through the refrigerator and make us all something to eat.

"Billy," Mom started to say. "I know this is going to be a lot to digest. It's going to bring up a lot of emotions and crazy thoughts. But I want you to always know I love you," she counseled me.

"Mom?" I began to ask and then just let it go. Mom's hand was lightly rubbing my cock and it was responding. She went down on me again, sucking me until I was rock hard again. She straddled me again and bounced and rocked, grinding her pelvis into mine.

I could feel my mother cum again and once again she leaned in for a kiss as her orgasm died down. I looked up and there was Mrs. Jensen.

"That's the thing about young bucks," she quipped. "They recover fast." My mother was clearly exhausted when she rolled off me.

"You can take him for a ride, Susan," Mom told her friend. I had already cum twice in the period of a few hours so it was going to take a lot more to get me off again. Susan rode me every which way just like Mom. I could feel her orgasm twice when she was on top.

"Fuck me doggie, Billy" Mrs. Jensen ordered as she positioned herself on hands and knees. I entered her and pushed in as deep as I could. Her pussy was not as tight as my mother's and it was sloppy wet. "Hard and fast," she commanded. The sound of our flesh slapping together filled the bedroom.

"Fuck YES," she screamed as I pushed so hard her arms collapsed and I pushed her face into the mattress.

Then I popped again. I was worn out and exhausted.

"That was awesome, Billy," Mrs. Jensen said to me. "We're going to have to work out some sharing arrangement," she told Mom.

While I was fucking Mom, Mrs. Jensen had brought in a tray with sandwiches, a bottle of wine, and a beer for me. Although I wasn't legally allowed to drink, my mother let me have a beer occasionally at home. It was a good thing we didn't have to go anywhere for a snack and a refreshing drink, we all had wobbly legs.

It was late afternoon when we showered and got dressed. Mrs. Jensen left for her home. Mom asked me if I wanted to go out for dinner to which I agreed. There was a nice German restaurant in town. I loved the Sauerbraten and Dumplings with red cabbage. Mom always ordered the Pork Schnitzel.

"Are you having any feelings yet about today?" Mom asked. It was good having this conversation in a public place where we could express our feeling and not get hung up on the sexual part of it.

"I don't know what this is going to do to our relationship," I replied. "It certainly is going to change the family dynamic."

"Well, you know what they say, you can't put the toothpaste back in the tube," Mom reflected. "Just so you know, I've been wanting this for a long time. Maybe two or three years."

"Honestly," I answered. "I have had the same desires for a couple of years now myself. Last summer when you started teasing me after I caught you with Mrs. Jensen, I was totally frustrated."

"That part. The frustration has to be gone now."

"Yes, but I don't have any idea where to go from now," I confessed.

"Neither do I. We will just have to let things go their course."

After we got home I sat down to watch TV. Mom came out of her room with a frown on her face.

"My bed is a wreck," she said. "I'm really too beat to do anything about it now. Can I sleep with you tonight?" she suggested.

"Of course," I answered, I could never refuse this beautiful woman who was my mother.

I sat and watched television for a while before making my way to bed. I stood at the edge of the bed and watched my mother sleeping, I was happy and confused. I pulled back the sheet and snuggled up close to my mother's naked body. I usually slept wearing a pair of boxer shorts and a t-shirt. That night, I was naked, my enlarged cock nestled in the crack of my mother's ass, my arm wrapped around her with my hand gently cupping her breast.

*********

"Good morning Billy," Mom said as I slowly opened my eyes, feeling the sensation of her soft hand stroking my morning wood. "I called the pro-shop to let them know you would be a little late this morning and they told me you didn't have to come in because they were closed anyway because of flooding. It really rained hard last night and it still is raining but lighter now."

"Mom," I started to tell her. "I really need to pee. I can't if you keep that up," I informed her.

"I'm sorry," she said with a chuckle letting go of my penis.

I stood by the toilet for a minute letting my cock deflate enough so I could empty my bladder. I went back to my bedroom where my mother was sprawled on the bed, her legs spread and her pussy beckoning.

"Have you ever eaten a girl's pussy?" she asked me.

"No, but I've tasted a girl, after fingering her," I replied.

"Did you like it?"

"Yes," I answered not really sure if I did or not. It was a new experience and I didn't think of it like I was tasting some new food.

"Come here and taste me," my mother invited. I went eagerly to taste the erotic juice of my mother's arousal. She had an intoxicating aroma. Mom guided me how to pleasure her best.

She spread her outer lips, instructing me to lick the insides of the inner ones. Then she used her fingers again to expose her clit.

"A woman's clit is very sensitive," she told me. "But you don't necessarily need to treat it gently. I like it when it's sucked on and bit lightly."

"Oh yes, yes," Mom moaned as I orally ministered to her love nub. "Rub it, hard and fast," she pleaded. I did as she said.

"Oh god," Mom screamed as fluid sprayed from her vagina covering my face. I was startled at first, I didn't know a woman could cum like that.

"Fuck me now," Mom begged. "Hard," she demanded. I thrust my cock inside her slick wet pussy and pounded away as hard as I could.

"Yes, yes, yes," Mom moaned. I watched her tits bounce back and forth with each push deeper in her pussy. I felt her tense as her orgasm built. It was too much for me. I exploded inside her. She climaxed as well.

"Oh my god, Billy," Mom said as her orgasm settled. "That was a fantastic way to start the day. Let's go take a shower in my bathroom," she suggested.

It was nice showering with my mother. Her touch was sensuous so I was easily aroused.

"I forget how quickly you young men recover," Mom said holding my stiff rod. "I guess I better take care of that for you." With that Mom went down on her knees and sucked my hard cock. I felt the back of her throat as she took me in to my balls. It wasn't long before I was pumping my cum down her throat.

After drying off I went to my room to get dressed, meeting my mother in the kitchen.

"Help me change both our beds," she said over a cup of coffee. "We are going to have to be careful and not talk about this when your father comes tonight."

"I know. I'll be cool," I assured her.

I helped her change the beds and launder the sheets. At times she got a silly grin and would tease me like she did the previous summer but know I wasn't frustrated, I teased her back by grabbing her butt and pinching her nipples when she flashed her tits.

Later that evening we both got serious waiting for my father to come for the weekend. He seemed nervous and jittery when arrived. We had a late dinner and then he ordered me to go to room because he needed to have a talk with my mother.

I sensed there was something serious about to go down so I sneaked back eavesdrop on their conversation.

"Kim," my Dad said seriously. "I want a divorce," he said.

"Oh, so your little charade with that slut has gotten serious," Mom said sarcastically.

"She's not a slut and we have feelings for each other. Feelings that died a long time ago for you," Dad responded. "You seem awful content. Are you getting some cock now? Not just that pussy?"

"Maybe I am," she said jabbing back at him. "Definitely better than your little weenie," Mom said insultingly.

"I'm driving back to the city now," Dad told my mother. "We'll make arrangements for lawyers next week." Dad got up and walked out of the house. I heard his car take off so I went to see Mom still sitting at the kitchen table, smiling with a glass of wine.

"I couldn't help it," I confessed. "I eavesdropped in on the conversation."

"I figured you would," Mom laughed. "Do you want a glass of wine?" she asked.

"Sure," I replied.

Mom poured me a glass of wine. I sat down at the table with her. She picked up her phone to make a call.

"Susan," she began. "The jerk finally did it. He wants a divorce."

I couldn't hear the response from Mrs. Jensen. "Can you escape for a bit and come over for a glass of wine?" Mom asked. There was a pause. "Really? That's great see you in a few minutes."

Mom looked at me. "Susan is all alone this weekend so she's coming over. Maybe she'll stay the night."

Ten minutes later there was a knock on the door so I went to answer it.

"Hi Mrs. Jensen. Come on in," I said.

"Listen Billy. I insist you call me Susan. You're a big boy, big enough to fuck me," she said with a chuckle.

"Yes Susan," I responded.

Mom had brought the bottle of wine and our glasses to the living room.
