 This is a long story, almost 33,000 words. If you don't like long stories, please don't upset yourself by reading the following.

The following is a work of fiction. Except for references to well-known historical figures and broad geographic areas (e.g., Pacific Ocean, Mexico) unnamed individuals and locations in this story are a total figment of my imagination. If you think you recognize any unnamed person or place in this story from the descriptions, you're wrong. I don't know whoever you think they are, and I've never been there, period.

PROLOGUE

I met the McMasters sisters late one Friday—actually early Saturday morning—when the fire-engine red Beemer Patricia was driving went by me at 87 mpg, going the other direction on the four-lane divided highway. I turned on them and they pulled over inside half a mile, which was a good thing for them. I had a problem with speeders who tried to pretend they didn't know why they were being stopped, and I really didn't like those who tried to evade me.

Patricia—right off the bat, she wanted me to call her Tricia—and her older sister Allison were dressed for a night on the town and I suspected they'd come direct from the last club where they'd been partying. The odor of smoke, perhaps even a little weed, rolled out of the open driver's side window but I didn't get the sour smell of alcohol drifting up to me. It surprised me. I'd been sure I had a DUI on my hands, but maybe not. Then I realized I couldn't identify the odor of marijuana anymore either. I sure had them for exceeding the speed limit though—in a big way.

Running radar was one of the things I did for a living. I was a police Sergeant, supervising a patrol zone on the northern edge of the city on the graveyard shift and relaxing by doing a little patrolling on my own. My two officers who would normally have worked this area were backing up some Department of Public Safety troopers on a multi-car accident on the Interstate, so my relaxing was actually filling a gap.

Allison and Tricia were both exceptionally attractive brunettes, they were in my age group, and had beautiful legs on blatant display beneath very short skirts. All of that was a definite plus, but I was struck by the fact they seemed to be having so much fun with the situation. In this state, fifteen miles per hour over the speed limit gave me the discretion to put the driver under formal arrest, hook her up and take her down to the country lockup. The half-smirks I was seeing in the glare of my flashlight were pushing me toward doing just that. Perhaps there was some joke they were sharing that I wasn't privy to.

Tricia's grin vanished when I told her I was writing her a summons to appear, citing her for only ten miles per hour over the limit. I was giving her a break on the speed, but she became thoroughly incensed. She asked me indignantly if I knew who her father was. When I told her I didn't, she began giving me chapter and verse on how important he was, who he knew, and how I needed to call my chief before I made a big, big mistake. I did my best not to snort derisively, and I made sure I didn't argue with her.

After I listened to what was spewing out of her mouth, I decided not to use my discretion and instead, write the ticket for the whole 17 mph over the speed limit, instead of only 10. The fine she would pay would be jacked up substantially.

Tricia's face turned a nasty shade of red and only her sister's soothing voice seemed to keep her from exploding when I gave her the opportunity to sign the ticket. If she wasn't going to cooperate and give me her autograph on the summons, I was ready and willing to pull her out of the car, handcuff her, and take her for a nice ride to the county jail. She signed, clearly steaming.

I cautioned her to drive safely, and I sent the two women on their way. I thought that was the end of it.

* * *

Tricia and Allison surprised me a little more than three weeks later by showing up unannounced at my apartment and apologizing for being stupid (their words) that night. They thanked me for not being any tougher with them than I had been. I never did find out what prompted their, particularly Tricia's, change of heart. They seemed to be truly repentant, so I accepted everything they said on face value.

They actually should not have been able to find me. Sworn officers' addresses are, by law, confidential. They aren't made available to the general public, but I guessed they'd used their really-important father's influence to get around that. It torqued my jaws a little, but the women were clearly trying to be nice so I let the aggravation slide. I will deny to the end of my days that I relented because both of them were dressed in short shorts, halter tops and tall wedgie sandals.

They took me out to dinner that night, after showing me the receipt proving the ticket had been paid, and I thoroughly enjoyed the experience. We went dancing afterward, and I more than enjoyed that. The girls brought me home, each gave me a chaste goodnight kiss, and that was the end of it. I thought.

Amazingly, they came back two weeks later, on a Friday night and talked me into going clubbing with them. I never asked how they knew I was off duty that weekend; I never asked. Allison came alone the next week and I liked the one-on-one time with her. She was the older of the two sisters and just that little bit more mature and composed.

I thought Allison and I were slowly working toward a deeper relationship when Tricia began taking me places without Allison coming along. I wondered what was going on, but I was enjoying their company and I wasn't inclined to inquire, much less complain. Eventually, I stopped hearing from Allison and she slid into the background; I never knew quite why. From that point on, I had at least one date with Tricia McMasters almost every weekend, and had dinner with her a couple of times a week.

That continued for a while and I admit I was enjoying it. The woman was exceptionally attractive and when she walked into the substation I worked out of one afternoon to collect me for lunch, my manly reputation among other officer's estimation skyrocketed. Being with the sisters McMasters was great for my ego, they were fun to be around, and it was fun when being with the two of them evolved into running around with only Tricia. 

* * *

At first, I hadn't even thought of marrying Tricia—a relationship with her wasn't one of the ways I saw things working out. Tricia was from a world I didn't know, and didn't want to know. I'd met her parents. I didn't like them, and they didn't like me even more. Daddy McMasters was certain I was sniffing around his darling daughter with a view to glomming on to the family fortune and Mama McMasters thought her daughter was settling for someone well beneath her. Daddy was dead wrong but Mama was most certainly correct, even in my estimation. They were united in a feeling that I shouldn't be doing much with Tricia except admiring her from a distance.

I was actually pretty much in agreement with the "distance" thing. Tricia and I dated for several months, and I never knew why she wanted to date me. We did have sex more than a few times and we found ourselves very compatible beneath the covers, but not really in sync out bed. To my mind, we just didn't have that much in common; there was little to discuss over the kitchen table or on a sofa, watching a TV movie. In vague terms, we'd talked about commitment, moving in together and stuff like that, but I'd never proposed.

When she came to see me one evening and remarked, "When're we going to be married?" I was flabbergasted. I'd been anticipating a break up, and the prospect of splitting up didn't bother me that much.

I really did not know what to do. To my surprise, when I didn't stomp on the idea, Tricia began acting as if it was a done deal. She began campaigning for a summertime wedding as if everything was settled. She began casually referring to me as her fiancé in conversations with Allison and other people we met.

I did not actively want to get married. On the other hand, Tricia was one hot woman, adventuresome in bed, congenial, and she knew how to stroke my ego. I felt great squiring her around. But ... marriage? The best one could say was that I was ambivalent about that idea. I never put my foot down and said it wasn't going to happen, so I had myself to blame.

Her parents gave in and let Tricia have her way. They even set up a lawn party kind of thing where they were going to announce the engagement. Showing how egalitarian they were, they even invited me ... and about two hundred people I didn't know, or want to know.

Lightning struck. About three hours into the marathon drinking an schmoozing event, I caught Tricia out behind the McMasters' pool house with a guy. They were not playing pin the tail on the donkey. I laughed out loud, because this was the solution to a whole set of problems I'd been trying to deal with. Catching Tricia en flagrant gave me the opportunity to stop everything dead in its tracks. No fiancé. No engagement. No wedding. No wife who'd cheat on me later on. No more problem.

* * *

I answered the quiet knocking at my apartment's front door. I was surprised to see Allison McMasters standing there with the handle to a large fruit basket in her right hand. She was holding on to a half dozen colored balloons with her left.

Allison was a good five feet, eight inches tall and most of that seemed to be beautifully sculpted legs which she was showing off by wearing a pair of tight, really short blue jean cutoffs and low heels. The thin lemon yellow T-shirt wasn't hiding much; her hard nipples were definitely doing their best to poke holes through the flimsy material. All in all, Allison bearing gifts was a sight to see.

"Congratulations, Lieutenant Chambers," she said with a broad grin. I'd been promoted to Lieutenant with an effective date of just yesterday and I didn't know how anyone besides my parents and siblings would even know about it. More to the point, I didn't know how Allison knew of it.

"I ... well ... thanks, Allison," I stammered. "I appreciate it."

She smiled toothily and walked inside, not quite brushing me aside, but not avoiding contact either. She gave me a quick peck on the lips as she passed by. I closed the door behind her. Setting basket down on the coffee table and letting the balloons loose to bump around on the ceiling, Allison stepped up to me, wrapped her arms around my neck and proceeded to give me another kiss—this time one that was smoking hot.

"Congrats," she said again. She kissed me again, more softly this time, then leaned back to look me in the eyes. "Got a beer?" she asked. "It's dusty work climbing all those stairs," she explained, smiling prettily.

I lived on the third floor. Big deal.

I wasn't going to be on duty in my new position until next week, I had some beers nicely cooled down in the fridge and I was more than willing to share. Everything came together quite nicely. I found myself smiling right back at the woman who'd come to wish me well. I liked her and I liked being with her, even if she was my ex fiancé's sister.

* * *

Later, a barefoot Allison scampered off the sofa and into the kitchen to bring us each another beer. When she returned, she simply sat down on my lap, as if it was the most natural thing in the world for her to do. It felt that way to me too. She took a sip of her beer, leaned over to set it on the end table and came back to wind her arms back around my neck and lay a series of hot, steamy kisses on my lips. I returned them, with interest.

"My stupid slut sister took you away from me, honey," she said quietly after a while, looking at me searchingly.

It was kinda/sorta true. I'd run around with the sisters for a while, then I dated Allison a few times before she had to go on a business trip with her father. Some other conflicts arose and ... well, I'd stopped seeing that much of Allison. Tricia had stepped in to monopolize my attention while Allison was gone, and that hadn't ended well at all.

I fit well with Allison though. She wasn't nearly as impressed with her family as Tricia was, and didn't trade on her father's standing in the community. 

"I want you to take me to bed," Allison murmured in my ear, "I want you back."

I smiled. I didn't even have to make a decision.

"Up!" I told her. I wasn't going anywhere with a hundred and twenty pound woman sitting on my lap. She stood and I bent low to put my left arm under the back of her knees while my right snaked around her upper back. Straightening, I picked her up and carried her into the bedroom.

I dropped her on the bed. When she quit bouncing, I unfastened her cutoffs and tugged them down her silky smooth legs and off. I folded them and half-tossed them onto the chair against the wall. She wasn't wearing panties. I wanted her naked, so I didn't explore just then, preferring to lift the T-shirt over her head. Allison lifted her upper body so I could pull it up and off. It wound up with the cutoffs on the chair.

Allison didn't have much pubic hair; it was well trimmed and didn't hide much of her outer labia. I really liked that. Her pussy was beautiful and I wanted to see it and inspect it thoroughly. Spreading her luscious thighs further apart, I slipped my tongue between her pussy lips and lapped a long stroke up and then back down. I gave my attention to the left side on an upstroke, and down on the right, then I reversed the direction.

After a few minutes, I gently touched her clit with the tip of my tongue, just barely touching it while I slipped a forefinger inside her. A moment later I was teasing her clit with my tongue and sliding my finger slowly deeper into her steaming depths. Pulling it back, I probed with two fingers.

Allison's had two handfuls of my bedspread clutched in her fingers while her hips rocked gently from side to side. I curled my fingers, searching for the g-spot and massaged it gently. Allison whimpered and gasped when I found the bean-shaped area. Her feet danced on the surface of the bed for a moment. I stabbed back inside with a tongue I had as stiff as I could get it, attacking her clitoris peeking out from its fleshy hood.

"Aiiiiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!" she wailed, her hips bucking up into my tongue. She grabbed behind my head and pulled my mouth hard against her, her juices soaking my face as she came hard. I could feel her vagina clinching and releasing, a spasm repeated three times before she began to relax. Her bottom fell back to the surface of the bed and she took a couple of sighing breaths.

I kissed the outside of her labia for a long moment, then paid attention to her lower belly, kissing my way down to her upper thighs and back up again. When Allison's body was relaxed, and her fingers began caressing the sides of my face encouragingly, I started all over again. Ten minutes later, Allison's hips were dancing, bucking up against my face as she whispered brokenly, urging me to stop, then exhorting me do more when I touched a place she found especially stimulating. It wasn't long before she was climbing the walls, her fingers curled in my hair doing her best to haul me tighter against her and push my torturing tongue away at the same time. She came, harder than before. Her thighs tightened around my head and I had to push her right leg aside so I could breathe.

I chuckled happily. I loved making a woman lose her mind that way.

I began kissing that sweet junction of her thighs again, ready to give her another orgasm or two, or however many more she could have. Allison wouldn't have any of that. Pushing my head away, she whispered, "No, honey ... no baby ... not now, okay?" After a couple of breaths, she continued softly, "Come up here, honey." She was pulling at me, wanting me to move up to lay beside her.

I lifted my body off the bed and stood beside it, taking off my clothes. I kicked my shoes off into the corner next to the bed. I used my sweatshirt to wipe the mixture of Allison's juices and my saliva off my face before tossing it in the corner too. My jeans and boxers quickly followed. I sat and stripped off my socks, then twisted around to settle on Allison's left side.

I took the opportunity to get a few more kisses from Allison as she relaxed into the afterglow of several nice orgasms.

"I have no idea where you learned how to do that," she sighed quietly into my ear. "But whoever she was, she's my best friend for ever and ever!"

I chuckled. "I'm glad you approve, milady," I quipped teasingly.

"Did you ever do that for Tricia?" she demanded in a somewhat stronger voice.

"Ahhhh, well ... yeah," I admitted. I'd never had a woman ask me if I'd given oral sex to her sister. I didn't really know how to respond.

Allison pressed me flat onto my back and put her head on my shoulder. She began caressing my chest, letting her fingers drift down my abdomen every so often. "Then my little sister is even more of an idiot than I thought," Allison remarked, "and I already knew she was pretty much brain dead."

I didn't know what to say to that either, so I kept my mouth shut and contented myself with some caressing strokes of her right shoulder and upper arm. It must have been a good choice. She pressed her mons against my upper thigh and began rubbing it gently against me. She tilted her head up to me for moments of deep lover's kisses.

"Russ," she whispered, "I want you...," she said, gently urging me atop her. She wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled me down for more kissing.

I raised myself off her after a long moment and slide a pillow under her buttocks to raise her hips on the bed. I began uncurling to the side, preparing to reach into my nightstand's lower drawer. "I'll get some protect—" I began.

She pulled me back. "Huh uh," she murmured. "I'm on the pill ... and I want to feel you inside me," she said softly. I gathered myself and positioned myself between her creamy thighs with most of my weight on my knees

Allison took my hard-on in her right hand and rubbed the head of it against her pussy lips for a long moment, coating it in her juices from the oral sex she'd enjoyed a little earlier. Then she positioned me at the entrance to her vagina and used her left hand on my right hip to draw me down.

Leaning in, I pushed gently into her inside her, giving her time to adjust to my cock. Our breathing began to become a trifle labored. I'd never known a woman with such an incredibly hot cunt before. It was like pressing my penis into a pool of molten lava.

We began moving with each other; me thrusting smoothly inside at first and then withdrawing while her vagina clutched at me, trying to prevent my cock's withdrawal. Her feet rose in the air; she locked her ankles just above my buttocks and used her leg muscles to drag me deeper inside her. I adjusted my position, scrambling to probe just a little deeper and doing my best to corkscrew around to stimulate all the nerve endings where her pussy lips were rubbing against my dick.

I was doing something right because Allison was having more and more trouble with her breathing. She began to gasp every so often and groan when her pulling and my thrusting found a particularly nice spot inside her. We found a rhythm and then broke it, increasing the speed with which we bucked against each other. In moments, I was driving strongly into her cunt and she was doing all she could to sling her groin up at me. It couldn't go on for too very long.

"Honey...," she whimpered, "harder, baby ... do me harder...."

So I did, slamming down inside her without any pretense of gentleness and doing it faster in response to her urging. 

Allison abruptly froze. I could feel a spasm begin in her vagina; it set me off. I thrust deep inside, searching for all the depth I could get and shot a thick jet of come into her. Another spasm milked a second spout, and then a third. After that, all I had left were some more gently flows. Her orgasm swept up from her vagina across her abdomen and back down for long moments.
