 Thirteen months ago, my life changed completely. 

I had spent the first 45 years of my life as a bachelor, with no desire to get married or have children. For 45 years, I had the pick of an endless list of woman who could satisfy my sexual appetite. Over the years, my desires changed; as a younger man, I liked women who were a little older, a woman who knew what she wanted was a big turn on. Then it changed to most women as long as they had a pair of big bouncy breasts that I could squeeze, saw raw or fuck my cock in, I was happy. I also had a bit of a fat ass phase too. These days it was a little different. 

When my taste changed, I found one particular set of jugs, who had the ass to match, and a mouth that would look amazing wrapped around my cock. Usually, I didn't have to wait to get what I desired; I took what I wanted when I wanted it. But there was one problem, a certain someone who was in between me and my busty beauty. 

I had seen her for the first time driving past a soccer field where a group of kids were playing, standing on the sideline was this busty beauty. She was jumping up and down, cheering for one of the teams. Her bouncing breasts sent me into a frenzy. I turned my car around, park on the opposite side of the street and watched her. I was acting like some creeper. 

At some point during my daze, I climbed from my car and stood in the crowd. I leant against a light pole and watched her in front of me. She continued to cheer, jumping up and down. Her ass did the same jiggle as her breasts. 

I was thoroughly annoyed when my gaze was interrupted by an older woman. She looked similar to the busty beauty but older. 

The woman asked me, "I've never seen you here before, who are you cheering for?"

A comfortable lie slid out. "I'm a scout for a special team. Here to see if anyone is worth keeping an eye on."

The woman's eye brightened. "My nephew is playing; he is particularly good." She pointed out to the field. "He is number 4."

I turned and saw number 4, kicking towards the goal. The boy sent the ball flying into the net, and my busty beauty screamed out, "Go, Ben!"

"It seemed your nephew has a fan," I said.

She smiled. "That's my daughter, Emily. Her cheerleading always seems to kick in at any sporting event."

"Does she cheer for her school's team?" I asked.

She nodded. "Jacksonville Tigers."

I frowned. "Which university are they at?"

The woman laughed. "Oh, no. Emily is still in high school; she's a senior."

Senior, which meant she could be 18. I was tempted to ask her exact age, but that may be a little too forward. I couldn't even take a step forward to introduce myself to the busty beauty that was Emily, but her mum stayed right beside me.

"I'm June by the way," said Emily's mum, her hand reached out towards me. "June Warren."

I grasped her hand and shook it. "James Masters, a pleasure to meet you." 

The whistle blew, ending the game and the players of the winning team were jumping for joy. Emily joined it, shaking her arms which wiggled her breasts. God, she was a tease. 

"Will we see you again, James?" June asked.

I smiled politely. "I guess we will have to see." 

June returned the smile and took a few steps towards Emily. She paused and turned back to me, "The team heads down to Taco Bell after every game if you would like to join us, maybe you could speak to the coach about the boy's performance." 

It seemed to me that If I wanted to meet Emily, then I would have to agree. I wouldn't be able to speak to the coach though, my lie about why I was there would fall apart. There was only one thing to do. "I would love to come, except I have something to confess."

"And what would that be?" asked June.

"I lied about why I was here."

June crossed her arms over her chest, pushing her breasts up. Hers was quite lovely too, almost as good as her daughters. 

"The real reason I am here is actually because of you." I ducked my head, pushed my fingers through my hair; trying to appear embarrassed by my actions.

"Me?" June asked.

"Yeah. I go for jogs around here, and I have seen you here watching the games." I gave her a crooked smile. "I finally found some sort of courage to approach you but had no idea what to say." 

June smiled, and she bit her lip, her cheeks flushed.

"When you came over to me and spoke to me, I panicked and came up with some stupid lie. I don't know why I didn't tell you the truth." I closed the distance between us. "I was hoping to take you out sometime."

June nodded. "I think I would like that."

Hook, line and sinker; she was mine.

"Mum! You coming or what?"

June and I both turned to see Emily standing over by a car. June waved her off and said, "So, how do you feel about a first date at Taco Bell with my daughter and a whole soccer team as company?"

It honestly sounded like the worst idea I could think of. I kept my smile up and said, "It sounds like the perfect first date."

That was how it started. I dated June for two months and barely had an opportunity to see Emily; when I did see her though I got more and more excited. My best memory was seeing her in her Cheerleading uniform for the first time. June invited me to go with her to a game; I was taking any chance to see Emily. That night as I fucked June into oblivion, I came thinking of Emily jumping around in that tight uniform. 

Spending any time around Emily was made impossible by June. She would always pop up and interrupt or make sure that she was in-between us at all times. I was ready to strangle her. It made me realise though that the only way for me to be alone with Emily was for her to live in the same house as me; the one problem with that plan is that June had mentioned our living arrangements previously and had stated that she wouldn't move in with anyone unless they got married.

It left me with no choice. Nine months after I started dating June, we got married. It was a private ceremony at a courthouse with Emily as our witness. There was no honeymoon, and June and Emily spent three weeks moving in. 

I thought that once they settled, I would have plenty of chance to get my luck, but I was wrong again. Emily's life was busy. Between her school work, cheerleading, track team, and her part-time job at some coffee shop, she was hardly home. I felt like I had seen more of her when I was only dating June.

There was a point when I almost gave up. I was going to throw in the towel, divorce June because the woman was driving me crazy, and find another tight pussy to fuck. Then it just seemed to happen.

Emily was home more often, studying for her upcoming exams, and she had also broken up with her boyfriend, so he was keeping her occupied. And her attitude towards me seemed to flip on its head too. She changed from sweet smiles, and polite conversation; to hugging me, calling me dad as a joke, sitting on my lap. Her 180 change surprised me but encouraged me to continue my chase. 

And then it finally got what I needed. It was two weeks before Emily's graduation. Her mum threw a party to celebrate the end of the year and invited not only Emily's friends but their parents too. Our house was full of people, most of who I had gotten to know at football games, having fun. The party continued well into the evening.

It was around 10 when I finally kicked the last few teenagers out leaving just June, Emily and I. After locking the front door, I walked into the main living area to see June and Emily lying on the couch. They were giggling.

"Did you have a good day, baby?" June asked.

Emily nodded. "The best."

"I'm sure the maid will enjoy the cleanup tomorrow," I said.

Both ladies turned to look at me.

"Maybe you should tell her to bring a friend because I'm not helping," said June. June had taken to the life of luxury I supplied with my fat paycheck very quickly. I made sure that her access to my funds was limited; I didn't need to be broke when this was over.

"Thanks for this, James." Emily stood up and walked over to me. She held out her arms, and I pulled her in for a hug. 

I enjoyed our hugs. It was the perfect excuse to push Emily's breasts against me, feel her body, get a mere taste of her. Standing here, holding her, I couldn't wait.

"I'm exhausted," said June. "I'm going to have a long soak in the tub and read a good book."

"What about our pizza?" asked Emily.

"You two enjoy it." June walked over to us and joined the hug. She kissed Emily on the side of the head. "Happy birthday, baby."

"Thanks mum." 

"Night, hun," I said. I pecked her lips, and she headed to the stairs. 

The doorbell went, and Emily jumped in excitement. The movement rubbed her breasts against my chest. God, they felt good. 

"Pizza," she said. 

Letting her go, I said, "My wallet is in my coat."

She dashed to the door. 

I moved to sit on the couch. I turned on the TV and looked at the movie. Nothing appealed to me. 

Emily came into the room, put the pizza on the table and said, "Can we watch Beauty and the Beast."

I frowned. "Really?"

She pouted at me. "Please James; it's my birthday." 

I sighed. I wanted to put those pouting lips to some use, but I wasn't going to rush this. "Fine." I put on the movie and reached for a slice of the pizza.

We enjoyed our dinner and then laid down on the couch. Emily curled up into my side, something that she had started doing only recently. I wasn't going to object, and June never voiced any objections. I got to enjoy her being so close. 

I lost interest in the movie quickly; I wasn't a big Disney fan. I took my chance to enjoy the view. Emily's position gave me the perfect angle of her breasts. Squashed against me, all I wanted to do was squeeze and suck them. 

Lying there, I decided my goal for the night was to get my first taste. It could be anywhere from my fingers in her pussy or my cock in her mouth. Either option would open up more opportunities.

To start with, I made a very subtle movement. Moving my arm, that was currently under Emily's back, I ran my fingers up and down her side, barely touching her skin. 

Emily seemed to enjoy the touch; goosebumps broke out on her skin.

With no objection to the touch, I placed my palm on her hip. I moved it back and forth, gently massaging her. My hand slid over the curve of her hip and onto her butt cheek. I squeezed it slightly, and a small gasp fell from her lips. Still, no objection enticed me on. I was most curious to see how far I could go before she said anything. 

I continued to squeeze her bottom and rub her thigh. Daring to take another step, I slid my hand under the denim skirt she had on; the denim skirt that she had me pick out that very morning, great choice on my end. 

Emily's skin was warm to my touch, and oh so smooth. I grasped her butt cheek, this time with a more force.

A small moan came out of Emily.

I couldn't help but get cocky; she was enjoying this as much as I was. 

Bringing my other hand over I ran my fingers over her inner thigh towards her pussy. I caressed the skin just below her pantie covered pussy and waited to see if she would stop me. With nothing to stop me, I rubbed my finger against the cotton underwear. 

Emily gasped again. Her hand grasped the wrist of my hand, touching her pussy. 

The sound she made went straight to my dick, god everything about her was turning me on. I looked at her face, and I saw two things in her eyes: desire and excitement. I smirked at her; it was everything I wanted to see. I applied pressure to my fingers and made faster strokes along with her panties. 

Her hips shifted on the couch, and her legs opened slightly, giving me better access. 

I decided that the pace was too slow and kicked it up. I pushed Emily's panties to the side and dove my fingers into her folds. 

Emily cried out. "Oh, god!"

I chuckled and continued to thrust my fingers inside her. 

Her hips bucked against my hands, and her inner walls began to clamp. I curled my fingers inside her and shifted slightly to get a better angle. Emily gripped my arm tighter, her pussy clamped around me. Her mouth fell open, and a loud cry started to fall. Not wanting June to hear I dove my tongue into her mouth, muffling her scream. 

I kissed her hard as her orgasm rocked through her body, her pussy pulsing around my fingers. 

Pulling back from the kiss, Emily looked at me with a soft smile. "No one has ever done that to me before."

I said, "I'm honoured to be your first." I pulled my fingers out of her folds.

She whimpered as I did.

Bringing my fingers up, I sucked off the juices and moaned. "So damn sweet."

Emily licked her lips as she watched me. 

"Do you want a taste?" I asked.

She blushed and nodded. 

I pushed my finger back inside her and coated them in her cum. Bringing them to her mouth, she opened wide and greedily sucked them clean. Watching as her tongue lapped them up, my cock throbbed inside the confinement of my jeans. "Taste good?" I asked.

Emily nodded.

"Would you like to taste mine?" I wanted to beg her to say yes. All I wanted at this second was to put my cock in her pouty mouth. 

Her face flushed. "I've never done that before."

"Never sucked a cock before?"

She shook her head.

I knew Emily wasn't naive; she had walked in on June and me before. She had also dropped the box that contained a big pink dildo on the day she moved in. The fact that no one had ever touched her pussy and that she had never sucked a dick led me to one conclusion, she was a virgin. "It's okay that you haven't done it before."

"Really?" she asked.

I nodded. "It turns me on. Feel for yourself." I grabbed her hand and placed it on my crotch. I pushed her hand against my aching, covered cock. "This is for you."

Emily smiled. Her eyes filled with pride. "I don't know what to do."

"I'll teach you." I undid my jeans and pushed them with my boxers down my hips. My cock sprung to life and whacked my lower stomach.

Emily's mouth dropped open. "James, it's-it's so big."

"Bigger than 90 per cent of men, that is for sure." I winked at her and brought her hand to my cock. "Let's start simple. Wrap your hand around the base, now don't grab me too roughly. Cocks are sensitive, especially when they are rock hard." 

Emily nodded and did as instructed. Her fingers cupped my length, and she slowly started pulling up and then moving back down. She pumped my cock in a steady rhythm, and it felt nice. 

"Add a little more pressure," I said.

She nodded and did so.

"Lick the tip, pretty girl."

Emily blushed and leant forward. She touched the tip with her tongue, and I groaned at the feeling. I couldn't wait to be in her mouth. Emily seemed to be inspired; without any instruction, she wrapped her tongue around my cock and took me into her mouth. A bit at a time she would suck me in, and pull back up. With each bob, she swallowed more and more of my cock. 

Her mouth was so warm and wet. "Fuck," I moaned. It felt so fucking good. I couldn't stop myself from gripping her hair and pushing myself further into her throat. Emily didn't protest as I took over control. I drove in harder and faster, my cock hitting the back of her throat. "Take my cock!" I excepted a cough or a sigh of struggle with taking my cock so deep for the first time, but she sucked harder and started to hum. 

The vibrations increase my need for release. "Fuck, yes." My orgasm burst forth, and with one hard thrust, my muscles contracted, and my cum squirted into Emily's throat. I pushed myself in and out a few more times, giving her a big mouthful of my cum. 

Emily swallowed around my cock before pulling up and releasing me with a loud pop. 

"Did that taste good, pretty girl?" I asked.

Emily nodded and said, "There was so much." 

I pushed myself up and cupped her chin. "Because you were so good at it." 

She blushed and giggled. 

It should be over; the plan wasn't to push too far tonight. I wanted to have a taste, but now that I knew Emily's flavour, I wanted more. Looking at Emily's beautiful body, I knew I had to fuck her, or I would be up all night aching to do so. 

I stood up from the couch and kicked my jeans and boxers off. I pulled my shirt over my head and stood before Emily naked. 

Her eyes ran over my body and stopped at my cock. I was rock hard again, ready to pound her pussy.

I stretched out my hand, and she took it. I pulled her up and held her hips for a moment. I slid my hands under her shirt and pulled it over her head, then reaching behind her back I unclasped her bra and let it fall to the floor. 

I paused at her breasts for a moment and took one tit in each of my hands. I squeezed them and played with them for a moment. 

Emily moaned at my actions and said, "I want to cum again." She bit her lip and pushed her legs together.

I let go of her breasts and slid them down her sides. "I am going to make you cum again." I hooked my fingers into the top of her skirt and panties. "And then again." I pulled them down. "And again." She stepped out of them, and I pulled her flush against me. "And I will keep going until you can't walk."

Emily moaned, and her mouth seemed to water. 

I grasped her thighs and hoisted her up.

She giggled in surprised and grasped my shoulders. 

I dropped onto the couch with her under me. Her thighs spread open; I had complete access to her pussy, which was dripping. I leant forward and kissed her stomach first. Down I went, leaving sloppy kisses along her stomach to her pussy. 

Reaching her folds, I reached my tongue out to taste her. She was dripping, already so eager for me. 

Emily cried out, and her hands gripped my hair. My pretty girl certainly was vocal. 

I pulled away for a moment and reached for the TV remote.

"Don't stop," Emily whimpered.

"Hang on, baby. We don't need your mother hearing you."

Emily blushed and allowed me to turn the volume up. Beauty and the Beast were still playing, one of the songs filled the room loud enough that I was confident June would never know. 

Satisfied I dove straight back to Emily's pussy. I lapped at the edge for a moment before dipping in further. Her pussy was the best one I had ever tasted. 

Emily cried out again and pushed her hips further towards me. I slid up her folds and latched onto her clitoris. I sucked and licked at the bump, pulling further moans and cries from her. I wrapped my free hand around my cock, her screams forcing me to get even a little relief to myself until I got to the best part. 

Dipping into her again, I could feel her muscles clamping down, she was already going to cum. I pushed two fingers into her whole and latched back onto her clitoris.

"James-I'm gonna..." her grip tightened on my hair. Her hips pushed against me. "Fuck, yes!" Her walls clamped on my fingers. 

I pushed my fingers in further, and she came. Her cum gushed out of her pussy, and I dug into to taste it. My fingers continued to rub her insides as the waves of her orgasm flooded through her.

Emily lay panting, her hands still holding onto my hair.

Once I had licked her pussy clean, I climbed up her body. I situated myself against her, my cock rubbing against her folds. "You taste so good, pretty girl." I kissed the valley in between her breasts. 

"How did you do that with your tongue?" she asked.

"Just wait, pretty girl, I'm not done yet." I wrapped my hand around my cock, lining it with her pussy. I smiled down at her and said, "Get ready for the best ride of your life."

Emily bit her lip and grasped my shoulders.

I pushed myself into her, not as hard as I desperately wanted to, but fast enough that she cried out louder than any other cry she had let out previous.

"Oh, god. So-big!" Her fingers dug into my shoulders.

"Fuck!" I groaned. "Your pussy is so-fucking TIGHT!" I filled her to the brim; my balls squashed against her but cheeks. 
