 This is a submission for the Summer Lovin' Contest, so please vote.

Author's Note: Due to a medical condition, I use a talk to text program which isn't always accurate. As always, if you spot any errors please consider volunteering as an editor to help me produce more work.

Special thanks to my wife mrssecondsamuel and larry74403 for editing.



""Oh god, I didn't expect to get picked first!"

"Well, you know how the game goes. Truth or Dare?"

Candis thought for a second, trying to pick between poisons. She knew Jay had something devilish in mind; this was his favorite game. He and his wife Anne had been asking her over to the hot tub for several months - an innocent enough suggestion except...

They were naked.

Jay insisted, due to the chemicals in clothing that clogged up the jet system. Candis thought that was bullshit. For weeks she played coy, pretending to be offended at the thought of joining Jay and his wife in what was clearly an invitation for something more.

Their friendship hadn't started so scandalously. Candis knew Jay from the firestation where she worked as a paramedic. They shared the same kind of crass, almost cruel sense of humor those accustomed to death often develop. Though it's easy to judge from the outside, process a few dead bodies a week, and a certain callousness become essential.

It was actually Candis who made the first remark about the teenage couple whose Escalade rolled over a half dozen times on Prom Night.

"If they'd just slowed down, in nine months there'd have been a different accident..."

From then on, Jay seemed smitten. It didn't help that he stood a massive six-foot-five, thick arms, broad shoulders, a strong chin and thick head of dark brown hair. Though he was attractive, Candis knew he was married. At first she made every effort to avoid his advances, even if she was more than interested. So Jay quickly changed tactics, introducing her to his wife Anne.

Soon Anne and Candis became close friends, running together most mornings, or at least those in which Candis didn't need to work through the previous night. Though Candis quickly confessed Jay's flirtations, she was surprised when her friend admitted to several bisexual experiences in college. Anne apologized, explaining Jay's approaches as his overeager desire for another threesome.

"Another?" Candis had asked.

But Anne didn't elaborate.

The idea worked its way around Candis' mind. Until she found herself here, accepting another invitation. Acting as though her acquiescence was just to make Jay shut up, she agreed, joining the couple for a few drinks out on the deck before she made her way to the whirlpool. Anne went first, her stunning, curvy body silhouetted in the moonlight as she stripped.

To her surprise, Candis' clothes came off easily enough. It was already dark, and the hedges around the property gave at least an illusion of privacy. With a deep breath, she dropped down her shorts, and took off her top, for a second tangled at the neck, caught in her light blond hair. Naked, she moved quickly to the water. There was little reaction, barely any time to feel awkward about the way she looked, though still stunning at thirty.

Unfortunately, she couldn't see anything of Anne other than the inviting shadow of her friend's body as she undressed. As she joined her in the bubbling water, Anne tied her red hair up in a ponytail, the top of her breasts buoyant in the warm water. Jay joined them with another round of drinks, taking his time to show off his long, flaccid cock best he could in the dark as he sat next to his wife.

The game broke the ice.

"I don't know what to pick!" Candis said.

"It's too early for dares," Anne said. "I'll go first. Jay, get me first."

"When was the last time you masturbated?" Her husband asked.

"Easy," Anne replied. "Earlier today."

"Today?" Candis asked.

"I couldn't help it," Anne said, her porcelain pale and freckled skin absorbing what seemed to be a small blush. "Once Jay told me you were going to join us for hot tub night..."

"Really? Thinking about me..."

"Well, I wasn't thinking about that thing," She pointed derisively at Jay's cock.

"Hey now! This is my game, and little Jay is off-limits."

"Fascinating you describe it first as little," Candis countered.

"Oh well, look who is giving the guy asking the questions lip," Jay said.

"I'm not scared of you," Candis said. "Unless I need medical attention. I've seen you do CPR. If they aren't dead before you start, they sure will be by the time you finish."

"Ouch! Okay, you asked for it," Jay said.

"Bring it, bitch."

"Tell me your most embarassing sex story. Have you ever been caught?" Jay said, giving a knowing glance to his wife. "Spill it, skillet."

Candis hesitated, biting her lip.

"You aren't going to judge."

"Of course not, honey," Anne said.

"I dunno."

"Come on," Jay said. "It's the rules."

"Besides," Anne said. "Next you can ask me anything."

"Okay, okay, but I was 18 and stupid."

"All the best stories start that way," Jay said.

Then thankfully, he shut up.

"Ok so, during the summer, my family went to Splash Town. I think they call it something different now - Wild, Wet and Fuck it, it's a water park in Houston. Anyways, we had tickets, my Dad took me, my brother Brad and his friend Chad for his 18th birthday. I think he largely went to look at women. He never left his pool chair and never took off his sunglasses.

My high school bestie was supposed to come, but she flaked out at the last minute. I wanted to bail on the whole thing - what girl wants to go with her doofy brother and his jackass friend to a water park? I was already packing up for college, but I could tell my Dad wanted one of those last hurrahs. So I figured, fuck it, I'll try and grit my teeth and bear through it.

I hadn't been there since I was a kid - I remember as a little girl climbing up to the top of this slide, the Texas Free Fall. It scared me shitless as a kid. The thing must have seemed a hundred feet high - a straight dead drop. I mean, I know it's safe. I survived it. But hell, the thing was so intimidating. I remember when I was little my brother went on it. Jack went on and on about how I was too chicken-shit to do it, until I finally climbed up all those stairs only to sit my ass down and scream when the lifeguard went to push me. He never let me hear the end of it."

Jay gave out a little chuckle, but Anne shushed him.

"But that's not the worst thing about that fucking slide. At the time, I was still trying to find the right bikini size. I'm a b cup, but I'm a little on the big side. I tended to spill over a lot of the tops I chose. Honestly, I did it on purpose. I wanted it to look like my tits were bigger than they were..."

Anne interrupted. "I think you have amazing boobs..."

"You haven't really seen them," Candis said.

"I've gotten a general idea," Anne said. "Besides, the night is young."

"Back to the story," Jay complained.

"So I would like to cram the cleavage in around the sides, and sort of squeeze them together. I'm sure sometimes if I moved too much, a nipple could poke free. But I wanted the attention. How my Dad let me get away with it - I don't know. I guess he just pretended not to notice. He's more of a modern type - the kind who doesn't react to his baby girl having an interest in dick with a shotgun.

Anyways, it wasn't long into the car ride before Brad starts in on the last time we went, like ten fucking years ago. He's snickering to his friend about how I got up there and started to cry. I mean, I'm nearly nineteen, and almost fully packed for college, I should give a fuck about what some senior says. Except that I kind of do. At least after a few hours of hearing them badger me about it. So I run my mouth off and say I'll do it. Next thing I know - it's a bet. I don't remember the wager, not that it mattered, the point was my pride.

Not that I'll have much of it after this story..."

"Don't worry," Anne said. "We've all got sex stories we would rather not share."

"Yeah, but this is going to get bad..."

Anne reached over, putting her hand above Candis' knee, stroking her thigh soothingly.

"I'd rather know you better," she said. "Warts all.

Candis let out a deep breath.

"Okay, warts and all. So I went up to the top of the slide, just me, with my brother and Chad waiting at the bottom for me to finish my side. I got up to the slide, sitting my ass down on the jets. I could feel the streams almost peeling down my bottoms. I remember getting quite the look from the lifeguard, almost a smile. I didn't think of it at the time, but he must have seen this happen all the time. I don't remember him too well, I think his face kind of gets mixed up with the traditional beach boy look, you know shandy blonde hair, lean muscles. Baywatch bullshit.

So looking down past my toes at the bottom of the slide, I can't believe I managed to push myself forward, Christ maybe I just let go. I closed my eyes...

The next thing I know I'm at the bottom of the slide - alive with my bottoms riding up into the crack of my ass, almost as if showing off a thong to everyone as I stood up. I could barely see from the spray in my eyes, hell I could barely walk even as the lifeguard started screaming at me.

I figured it out once I stepped off the track of the slide. I could feel my tits bouncing free.

"Oh my god," Anne said, her hand covering her mouth.

"Yeah, I was standing in the middle of the water park, topless."

"How?" Jay asked.

"It happens more than you think," Anne said. "I think they design it intentionally."

Candis kept going.

"The water shot off my top, sending it flying out to God knows where. I'm topless in front of everyone, and at first no one seems to notice. I see a few of the men drop everything to stare, some women make as though they are looking away. But everyone's eyes are on me, looking straight at my boobs. I'd never even gone past second base before, and here I was baring my body in front of a hundred people. I froze...mortified..."

"Then what did you do?" Jay asked.

"I think what panicked me the most was the idea that my brother and his friend were going to see me naked. I still don't know that they didn't. I started running, my arms clasped around my chest. No fucking idea where I was going. Only I could feel the heads turn, the awkward glances, and stares as I rushed into the nearest water. I tried to hide in the lazy river, keeping to the side of the pool, pushing my tits up against the wall. Whenever I got a few weird looks, I tried to swim a little faster.

Then I found myself pressed up against one of those floaties, using it to conceal my breasts as some Mom floated downstream. I remember her looking down, a double-take, then the expression on her face when she realized some slut was swimming topless in the same water park as her kids. I took the next exit I saw, trying to escape before she called the cops.

The nearest building available belonged to the lifeguards. It was kind of like their locker room. I couldn't get inside - but at least it concealed me well enough from view. Still, I didn't have a clue what I was going to do. I couldn't imagine returning to my brother and his friend clad in only a towel, riding home watching Chad leer at my body, making lewd comments. I did my best to keep myself covered, but I was wet, shaking, certain at any minute now I would be arrested. I could picture my hands cuffed behind my back as some security guard paraded me through the park like that bitchy Queen on Game of Thrones..."

"Shame! Shame!" Jay said.

"So then, oh my god, then the lifeguard from the slide comes sauntering up. In his hands is my top. He's holding onto it like some sort of prize he's taking to the break room. He sees me, and holds it out like he's going to give it to me, only to yank it back. I reached out a hand, trying to cover my tits with the other, barely letting one bounce out. He held it over my head, making me dance for it, still covering myself. Eventually, he dropped the act, he made some comment, something like I can be your lost and found if you're my show and tell.

I remember taking a deep breath, barely able to contain my anger as I lowered my arms to my sides. I took every muscle in my body to stay still, to not scream out and let everyone in the park know what was going on. But I didn't dare.

As he reached out to feel my breasts, I looked around, constantly checking to keep us from getting caught. The wall didn't quite descend down, so I could see feet scampering past, as hundreds of park goers walked on maybe twenty feet away from where this was all happening. I'd never been looked at like that before, never been touched. His hands were hard, rough, squeezing and pulling on my tits, pinching my nipples hard as I bit my lip, praying that no one would step around the other side of the saloon wall."

"Pause, pause," Anne said. "I know it's the game, but seriously Candis, if this is like some scarring..."

"It's okay, really," Candis said. "I mean, it took me a while, but now I find myself even..."

"Even what?" Jay asked.

"I masturbate about it," Candis stared down at her toes. "A lot. The fear of being caught really turned me on. It still really gets me going."

"I think I'm going to masturbate about it a lot too," Anne smiled.

"Then what happened?" Jay said.

"Well, already he'd gotten a handful. He teased me a few times with the bikini top, then handed it back. I put it on in a huff, then stormed away. I think if I had been a few years older, I might have, God I don't know what. But I like to imagine."

"Wow," Anne said.

"Yeah..." Candis responded.

"So, am I allowed to think that was fucking hot?" Jay said.

"It's probably best if we ask how everything turned out first," Anne said. "Were you thrown out of the park?"

"No, no, no. I ran the hell out of there, adjusting myself as I went. I remember the way Chad smirked at me. If he didn't see, at least he knew. But both of them were smart enough to not mention seeing anything on the ride home.."

"Sounds like he got an eyeful, maybe I'll get luckier." Jay suggested.

"Maybe if you throw out a few better lines," Candis smirked.

"So everything turn out okay?" Anne asked.

"Yeah. Actually it really started something in me," Candis said. "Let's just say it wasn't my only experience with exhibitionism..."

Jay perked up.

"Wait, what?"

Clandis moved her finger to lips seductively.

"Only it's my turn - Truth or Dare?"

"Okay, I'll be brave," Jay said. "Dare!"

"I want to see your glorious mangina. You know from Silence of the Lambs. Tuck it and show me."

Jay splashed the water up as he rose, his arms waving in imitation of a swan. Both women couldn't help but be drawn to the pendulum between his legs, dangling down, seeming to grow harder as he pushed it behind his thighs. He hung his arms out in an over exaggerated gesture, almost as though bound on a cross. And in between his legs showed only his full bush.

"Okay, okay enough," Anne said.

"I don't know," Candis continued. "It's a good look for him."

"Your turn," Jay said to his wife. "Only I think Candis should ask."

"Truth," Anne said.

"I can't really think of anything. I don't know, tell me an embarassing sex moment," Candis said.

"The blowjob contest?" Anne asked.

"Do that whole evening," Jay said.

"Well..." Anne started. "Jay and I like to go to this nudist place, about an hour north. Actually, I guess it's clothing optional, nudists tend to have some strict rules about sex in public. Anyways, one weekend they invited the people from Hedonism - it's like this swinger club in Jamaica. They put on this contest, the winner gets a free trip to their club. So we decided to play, in pretty much everything."

"Big mistake," Jay said.

"It's innocent enough at first. They have us do a wet t-shirt contest. Then we have to pop three balloons, only in three different sex positions. Missionary, doggystyle, and cowgirl."

"My poor balls," Jay remembered.

"Anyways, the MC then tell us we are going to have a blowjob contest. I'm like what? The rules say no sex in public, and I'm up on a stage in front of a maybe a hundred people. But he just acts like this is normal. The guy puts out mats for each of us, and every girl is suddenly on her knees in front of her man. I look up at Jay and ask, are we really doing this?"

"I said I guess so," Jay answered.

"He counts to three. And I don't even think about it. I just swallow him whole. I'm bobbing up and down on his cock, which is already hard in my mouth, completely focused on winning the competition. I'm a teacher, Jay's a fireman, how else are we going to get to Jamaica unless we prostitute ourselves?

So I'm just face-first, deep-throating every inch of him, oblivious to the word. I'm trying to block everything out, showing off my best moves. I went all the way up and down, I licked the head while stroking it, then moved down to his balls. Then I was back at it, just blowing him, wondering if it was a race to make him cum.

And then I feel someone tapping me on the shoulder. I look up, dick still in my mouth, and the announcer is muttering another apology, handing me a banana."

We all started laughing.

"Immediately after he said three," Jay continued. "Everyone else did the natural thing and looked around to see if anyone else would do it. Not Anne..."

She tilted her head down a little, embarrassed.

"They told me to suck you," Anne remarked. "If they didn't want to watch, they shouldn't have asked."

"But then they did it with a banana?" Candis asked. "How lame!"

"It was like a high school sex ed class," Anne said. "But we got even later."

"What did you do?" Candis said.

"So we put up a tent to camp. They have a house reserved for couples that want to fuck. We did go there in the middle of the night. But in the morning, Jay is already sporting a bit of morning wood. And I swear, we look. It's 7:00 AM and there's no one awake. Our tent is just suffocatingly hot, so I get onto one of the picnic tables, it's the perfect height. I'm on my back at first and Jay's pounding into me, then he turns me over onto my hands and knees. Even then, I don't see anybody. It's a quickie. I'm sore from last night.

We go to the showers, rinse off, and everyone we meet tells us how much they enjoyed the morning show. One of our friends tell us that he gets up, starts grilling breakfast, and there's Jay and Anne, staking their claim to the picnic table."

"Wow, did you get in trouble?"

"No," Anne said. "There are rules against public sex, but they are loosely enforced. Especially if you are pretty."

"You are that," Candis said.

"Thank you," Anne said. "So now we try and make use of the picnic table everytime we go, though sometimes it doesn't work out."

"We don't want to go up to another group of campers and say, hey can you move your bar-b-que, we want to season your meal with our fuck-juice."

"Jay!"

"What? Fuck-juice?

"Yes! It's too much imagining it."

"Well, it is someone else's turn," Jay said.

"Truth," Candis said.

"I'll ask," Anne said. "You mentioned something about another exhibitionist experience."

"Oh god," Candis said.

"It can't be worse than mine," Anne said.

"It is," Candis said. "So for a few years, I kept fantasizing about losing my top. Part of me wished the lifeguard had gone further. I thought about him making me blow him to get my top back. I know... it's sick right?"

"Not at all," Anne said. "Sometimes we come up with roleplay scenarios where Jay overpowers me. Keep going."

"So I tell Mark, my boyfriend at the time. He was already really big into these scenes and kept driving at my fantasies. We act it out a few times, just in the bedroom, then one day he takes me out to a different waterpark. A few times, he undoes the string to my top, teasing me a little. It's stupid, I know, but it's getting me going a little.
