 My sister and I have always been very close. We're only 3 years of age apart. She turned 18 earlier this year and I turned 21 last month. We're both kind of introverted and spend most of our time at home together. But never in a million years did I think this would ever happen.

This all took place on a late Saturday a few weeks ago. My sister and I were home alone for the weekend.

She was locked in her room doing god knows what and I was chilling in my room in nothing but a pair of sweatpants watching a UFC card on some random streaming site like I always do. (Fuck paying for PPV) When all of a sudden, my sister walked in, wearing a pair of short sweat shorts and a t-shirt.

"Hii, what are you doing," she said, glancing over at my computer screen.

"Eh, just watching the fights as usual. What about you, What you up to?" I replied with my eyes still fixated on the screen.

She took a few seconds to respond before blurting out, 

"Well, not much I'm kinda bored."

"Ah, yeah?" I said and glanced over at her.

Her eyes were locked on the screen and she looked a bit uncomfortable, almost shocked and I could see her starting to blush. I looked back at the screen wondering why she was acting the way she was. That's when it hit me.

The fucking ads on this site, are nothing but porn. There was a big banner on the right side of the screen with about 5 different ads in it. All but one being very explicit. There was one of an anime girl looking flustered after sucking on a huge cock. One of a naked girl with jizz all over her tits and face. One of a girl getting her vagina rammed, and yeah, you get the point. I'm so used to seeing these types of ads everywhere that they don't even stick out to me anymore and I barely notice them.

I froze for a moment before looking back at her again, realizing that this just got incredibly awkward. Her cheeks were turning red and she was already looking more flustered than the last time I looked over at her.

She looked back at me and our eyes met for the first time since she walked in.

"Eeuuhmm. Alright, well why don't you go watch some Netflix or something? There's not much to do, It's getting kinda late. " I told her, trying to get her to leave my room.

"I've been doing that all day. There's nothing to watch. Could I watch the fights with you?" Her eyes went back to the screen.

Thanks to the way the porn industry looks right now with 90% of the videos being sibling or parent related, I had started to get kind of turned on by the idea of incest and the taboo it brings.

So for some reason, I was starting to feel a little excited having her looking at these images with me right next to her. I really wanted to let her stay for a bit but I was still feeling a little panic from the initial realization and just wanted her out of the room ASAP. So I once again told her,

"Nah, I feel like watching it alone. Please get out of my room."

I quickly glanced over at her, and she was still looking at the screen.

"Come on just let's do something together at least. Take advantage of having the apartment to ourselves."

Her eyes quickly went back and forth between the monitor and me.

"No! Just get out of my room already!

This felt like such an intimate moment for some reason, and I could feel myself already getting hard.

"K fine," she replied and took one last look at the pictures before leaving.

Jeeez, finally. I thought to myself. I can't believe I just showed her those pictures. Not that it was intentional, but still. Even worse, I have a half chub right now.

That got me thinking. If that turned me, a seasoned fapper on I can't even imagine what it could possibly have done to her. I remember being her age. Just seeing a nice cleavage sent me into another dimension. Let alone seeing pure pornography.

Who am I kidding, she was probably just shocked that I had those pictures up on my screen. Oh god, I really hope she realizes that those were ads, and completely out of my control.

I tried not to think about it too much and soon enough I was completely engulfed in the fights again.

Time passed and after about 15 minutes I heard someone at my door. I quickly switched tabs, not wanting to end up in the same situation again. Then, just as I looked over at the door, I saw my sister quickly grab something from my bed and run out of the room laughing. I looked over at my bed trying to figure out what she was up to, but I really couldn't figure it out so I stood up and walked over to my bed.

I could still hear my sister running away laughing. My phone. Where's my fucking phone?

Oh, that fucking brat. I thought to myself, before leaping out of my room and shouting at her to give me my phone back.

Still wondering what the fuck she was up to I chased her around the apartment until I finally caught up to her.

I grabbed both her arms from behind to get her to stop running. She was still hysterically laughing and to be honest, for some reason I kind of was too.

"Heyy give it back," I said, reaching around in front of her with both my arms, trying and grab the phone back. But she would not let it go. What she instead did caught me off guard completely. She held the phone tightly against her stomach and bent over to try and protect it even more. By doing that, her ass pushed back hard, right against my crotch.

With both of us wearing loose clothing, it felt like heaven. My soft, soon-to-be semi-hard dick nestled perfectly right between her two asscheeks. And with her struggling to get away and me holding onto her to try and get my phone back, my dick ended up getting quite the massage and I realized that things were going to get really bad and awkward if I didn't get my phone back fast. 

So with me being the bigger person, I shot my hips forward to get her to straighten up and as I did, I snaked one hand between hers and managed to get a hold of my phone. I quickly snatched it out of her hands and went back to my room before she could see my ever so fast-growing bulge.

"Haha nice try, but that's not going to work again," I said, and shut my door behind me.

"Bet" was all I heard before putting my headphones back on. I laid the phone on my desk and thought back to what just happened. My dick was at its full length and I was honestly feeling very horny. I opened the streaming site again to try and focus on something else. The first thing I see are the ads and it instantly got me thinking of it again. I got kinda mad at myself for getting excited over my sister. I full-screened the fight, despite it becoming very pixelated. I just wanted to forget what happened, but I couldn't. No matter how hard I tried.

I was subconsciously kind of hoping that she would try and steal something again. Actually, I was really hoping she would.

I grabbed my phone and threw it on the bed right next to the door.

"Just in case," I thought to myself. I wouldn't want to waste the opportunity if it happened again.

I then went back to watching the fights and kind of forgot about the whole thing until suddenly, my door flew open and my sister snagged the phone from my bed once again. This time I was quick though, I threw the headset off and ran after her straight away.

As she entered the living room she realized she wouldn't get very far if she kept running since I was just a few feet behind her. So what she instead did was throw herself, head first over the armrest of the couch and land on her stomach. She then did the same thing as before and held the phone tightly against her tummy. Then me, already being aroused as I was, didn't hesitate for a second. I jumped straight after and landed right on top of her.

We were both giggling like two high school girls, I straddled her back with one leg on either side of her. My crotch, dangerously close to her ass. I then tried reaching my hand under her to see if I could get a hold of my phone but she had it on complete lockdown. She squirmed around under me, and I already had an erection, harder than any other and it was poking her right in the ass.

I got very self-conscious about it and with both my hand still under her searching for the phone, I scooted down to her lower thighs. I ended up in the world's most uncomfortable position, so I tried pulling my hands out from under her and when I did I guess she decided that I was not leaving so she came with me. She bent her knees and sat back up, still bending forward to protect the phone.

Her ass once again flew back to meet my crotch, but since I still had a throbbing erection I ended up stabbing her with it, right in her butt and this time I was too turned on to even care. I once again threw my arms around her to try and wrestle the phone from her.

We both started moving around slightly and since she was essentially sitting on my lap my cock stopped stabbing her in the ass and squeezed between her thighs and ended up under her instead. Right up against her cunt. I couldn't necessarily feel it because it just entirely surrounded by softness but just the thought of knowing that the length of my dick was pressing right against it and her definitely feeling it but not caring almost sent me over the edge.

I lost focus, and I'm sure she did too. At this point, I wasn't even trying to get my phone back. I was pretending like I was but we both knew what we were really doing. We were somehow keeping our dry humping completely innocent.

Our laughter slowly faded away and turned into heavy breathing instead. My face was burning at this point and from the small glimpses I got of her I could tell that hers was too. My dick was slowly rubbing back and forth between her thighs and I knew this had to stop. This was so wrong but still felt so right at the same time. I pushed my hips forward one last time and rose up. We were now both standing on our knees and with me being taller my dick came out from between her thighs and was now painfully bent almost right downwards, pushing upwards against her butt.

She no longer had a good grip of the phone, so I took it from her with ease before standing up and getting off the couch.

"Haha, still managed to get it back without a problem" I laughed, trying to ease the tension and keep everything innocent and playful.

"Hahaha damn it, my hands got sweaty and it just slipped out! Next time I promise I'll win" she laughed back.

"We'll see about that," I said and walked back to my room trying to hide the erection.

I was feeling over the moon and also more horny than ever. My stomach was tingling and my balls were aching for release. I got to my room and threw the phone on my bed before walking to the bathroom. I just had to fap. There was no way this erection was going down without it.

I went into the bathroom and closed the door behind me. I walked over to the sink and pulled my cock out.

I'm not kidding when I say this. It was bigger and more veiny than I had ever seen it. It feels like I had just added another inch. I grabbed ahold of my pulsating member and started stroking it. I immediately felt an orgasm building up. That's when I hear my sister outside the door.

"Ooops, looks like I got it again," she laughed and ran off.

"Oh god, Should I just ignore her?" I thought to myself. I really needed some release and I was so close.

"NOPE!"

My instincts took over, and I put my cock back in my pants before throwing the door open. I spotted her right away. She stood in the middle of the living room, dangling my phone in front of her face with a flustered smirk on her face.

"What's your plan now huh? You know I'll just get it back no matter what you do." I said, slowly walking towards her.

"Oh yeah? Prove it!"

She then just like before started running away. I chased after her, but this time I didn't catch up to her right away. I wanted to see what she had in mind, if anything. I chased her around the house for a good minute or two before deciding I should just catch her since she wasn't doing anything.

I increased my pace and within just a couple of seconds, I got a hold of her. Just like the first time she put the phone against her stomach and bent over and so did I. Her ass pressed right into my crotch again but this time my cock was way too hard to bend in any direction so it jabbed her right between her cheeks and stayed there. I then threw my arms around her to try and grab the phone. I wrestled with her hands a lot, but I just couldn't find the phone.

"Where the fuck did you put it," I laughed.

"What do you mean? You can't find it?"

She once again started laughing hysterically, and I kept searching around for it.

Did she throw it somewhere while I was chasing her?

I let her go, and she turned around and kept laughing hard. She put her hands up in the air and showed her palms.

What was she laughing at? My eyes roamed her entire body until they landed on her shorts. In the very front of her gray shorts, right over her pussy, you could see the entire outline of my phone.

"What the hell, you fucking perv" I started laughing just as hard as her

"Do you really think I'm shoving my hand down there to get my phone back?"

"I really fucking hope you're wearing panties. Give it back!"

"Hahaha nope, I guess you got to find out if you want it back," she laughed and once again ran off.

Game on, I thought.

If I was nervous earlier then right now I was having a fucking panic attack. This had already gone way too far. But, I didn't care. So I chased after.

I caught her just as she was about to enter our parents' bedroom. She once again bent over and put her hands against her groin. My cock mashed against her ass and at first, I was hesitant to put my hand down her shorts but I was already halfway there so with my right hand I reached around her body and this time she wasn't really fighting it. She let my hand wander down her stomach and down into her shorts and thank god. She was wearing panties. But just as I grabbed the phone from her, she started fighting. She squirmed her body around and with both her hands she made sure I couldn't pull my hand out from her shorts. I instantly knew what she was trying to do. She wanted some action of her own this time, so I played along.

I started moving my hand around, pretending to get loose. The knuckle of my thumb kept rubbing against her pussy, running up and down her slit. It was very hard to "not" get my hand out due to her shorts being so small and all I had to do was pull my hand back and I was free. I did my best but suddenly I lost the grip of my phone and it fell out one of the leg holes onto the floor.

We were both very quick to dive for it but I was faster. I picked it up, and she immediately went for it. This time it was her chasing me.

I turned around and ran out into the living room where I threw myself on the couch just like she had done earlier.

She jumped right after and landed on top of me, resulting in my cock being crushed against the couch cushion. I could not stay in that position, so I quickly turned around with her on top and she was now straddling my lower belly. Dangerously close to my cock. I still had the phone in my hand, and she didn't give up for one second. She went for it and the only thing I could do was stretch my arms back over my head as far away from her as possible. As soon as I did that she started reaching for it but when she realized it was too far away she suddenly lunged towards it. Overshot by far and lands way over my head. I then pulled the phone down to my stomach again and she came walking towards it. She stopped right over my face, and I was staring her dead between the legs.

Realizing that I couldn't do too much I decided to give her a taste of her own medicine. I shoved the phone down my pants. It fell past my dick and down into one of the pant legs.

"Ohh god, who's the perv now?" she laughed and without hesitating, pushed her hand past my waistline into the pants. Her hand made direct contact with my dick, and she quickly pulled away.

"Eww what the hell you're not wearing any underwear."

"Too bad for you. Looks like I'm keeping my phone," I replied, trying to bait her.

"Hahaha you wish" was all she said before once again shoving her hand down my pants.

I felt like passing out right there and then. Her hand and wrist kept brushing against my cock as she searched around for my phone.

"Where the hell did it go?"

"Looks like I won" I replied, knowing that the phone was down by my knee and that she would never find it.

"I'm going to sit on your face until I find it, sucks for you if I never do," she said and lowered herself. 

Her pussy landed right between my mouth and nose. I quickly adjusted by scooting up a bit and her pussy settled down on top of my mouth. I could still breathe through my nose pretty much without a problem.

She had slowed down but was still looking around for the phone. Or at least pretending to. She kept running her hand over my cock, looking for the phone in the same places. I couldn't help but inhale with both my nose and mouth. The sweet smell of her pussy almost made me shoot my load. I could feel the heat radiating from her pussy all over my face and it smelled nothing but sex. My cock was leaking precum like crazy, and I'm sure she had it all over her hand at this point.

After a solid minute of her just aimlessly running her hand all over my crotch and balls, she decided to go deeper down the leg. She went down the wrong leg, though. She searched all over my thigh without finding it. She grunted and went even deeper, down to my knee and calves. When she did that she caused my pants to slightly ride down. My waistband was lifted up in the air, and the only thing keeping my throbbing cock from popping out was the waistband itself. If she only lifted it an inch more it would be free.

She had almost searched the whole leg when she reached over into the final bit of it, her shoulder went down into the pants. That was it. My cock popped out, right in front of her face, she gasped and pulled back in an instant while taking her hand out of my pants which was now down over my balls.

She let out a sigh and sat straight up shifting all of her weight onto my face for a second. I started pulling away because I had no idea how she would react.

"Not so fast. I still got your other leg to search," she mumbled and leaned forward.

"My dick is exposed, let me fix it fir.." was all I managed to say before she lowered herself again and my mouth was greeted by her now wet shorts.

"Too bad" she whispered before slowly brushing her hand against the side of my cock reaching down into the other leg.

I was completely out of it at this point. Nothing felt real and I was just lying there hoping this moment would last forever. I still feel precum oozing out of my throbbing member. I could tell she wasn't even bothered with finding the phone anymore. We were both scared of what was going on.

As she searched around for the phone, I could feel her face getting closer and closer to my cock. I started feeling her warm breath against it and I knew she was right in front of it. She took her free hand and placed it on the inside of my groin, right next to my cock. Her breath felt warmed and warmer against it.

She slightly moved her hand and it bumped against the base of my cock which caught me off guard and caused me to buck my hips upwards just a tiny bit. But just enough for the head of my cock to bump against her upper lip.

She let out a little "ooh," and yanked her head back slightly.

"Ok if that's how you want to play," she said and pulled her hand out of my pants, sat up on her knees and in one swift movement, pulled both her shorts and panties down. Just enough to pass my head before slowly lowering herself again and for the first time in my life I got to see her pussy. It was the most perfect one I've ever seen. Completely bald, glistening and swollen lips with just a hint of pink flesh showing between the two lips. She stopped barely an inch over my face.
