 “Tell me your deepest fantasy. Tell me something you’ve always wanted to try.” The words were rough, whispered rhythmically into my ear.

My mind ran a million miles an hour, and I gasped a little as he thrust hard into me. “I want to be...tied up. I want to give myself to you completely. However you want.”

He groaned low in his throat.

“I thought that might be it. I can just see you now.”

His pace increased as he spoke, his pelvis grinding against my clit, his thick cock forcing itself deeper inside me. I thrust my hips upwards, my pussy starting to throb.

“And I can do...anything...I want to you? Anything I want?”

I had never told him specifically what I wanted, but the seeds of it were always there. They were there in the way he pinned my wrists above my head with one strong hand, his dark eyes meeting mine as he drove into me resolutely, the fingers of his other hand teasing at my clit until a shuddering orgasm tore a hoarse cry from my throat. It was there in the way he teased me, leaving me shuddering on the edge of coming until I begged to feel his cock inside me.

I could feel him reaching his climax. I wrapped my legs around his waist and pulled him deeper into me until I felt his cock spill inside my cunt. I ground my clit into him until my own star burst, leaving me a screaming, moaning, writhing mess of a woman.

--

It started that afternoon. My phone buzzed in the desk drawer of my office, and I pushed a button to light up the screen.

 have a surprise for you when you come over for dinner tonight. Wear something sexy.

I smiled. He had told me explicitly that since he thought I was drop dead sexy in anything, wear something sexy had a very specific meaning. A tiny thong. A suspender belt. Stockings, the 50s pin-up kind with a seam up the back. And a pair of stiletto heels.

Another text later that day, just before I sank into a scented bath. I’m already imagining what you’re doing. You’re planning to take a bath. Don’t touch yourself while you’re in there x.

I obeyed. It was hard. My pussy was already swollen with desire when I climbed out. I shimmied into my bra and suspenders in front of my mirror, rolling the stockings slowly up my legs. Finally, I slid on the matching thong. The tiny scrap of fabric barely covered my freshly shaved pussy. It looked a little odd over the suspender belt, but that wasn’t the point. The point was that he would slide it off and fuck me in stockings and suspenders. I blew myself a kiss in the mirror before slipping into a wrap dress, which hugged my curves but which would slither off with one tug of the bow at my waist.

His apartment was obviously readied for seduction when I arrived. The lights were dimmed, unobtrusively sexy music played from the expensive hidden speakers. Dinner was ready, rich sensuous foods that excited my senses.

Not standing on ceremony, I helped him in the kitchen between courses. He took advantage of the chance to push me up against the counter, kissing me deeply. My hand instinctively curled around his neck, above the collar of his dark shirt. The next time I followed him in, he lifted me up, perching my ass on the table. Standing between my spread legs, he kissed my neck, my collarbones, the top of my breasts above the neckline of my dress. I moaned and pushed against him. I could feel his hardness against me, but he just pulled away with a smile, leaving me even more frustrated.

After dinner, we relaxed with a glass of wine, exchanging idle small talk. I could barely concentrate, as my eyes roamed over his mature, masculine body. I couldn’t wait to get him naked, to shed his executive camouflage and reveal his muscled arms, his toned abs, and most of all his magnificent cock. But this evening wasn’t about what I wanted. Or was it? I realised he had asked me a question as I stared at him.

“Hmm?”

“I said, do you realise I can see how turned on you are just from your eyes. They’re so dark. Almost black.”

He sat back and smiled at me over the rim of his glass.

“Stand up.”

I swallowed and obeyed, although the command in his voice had made me weak with desire.

“God you’re sexy. Let me see you stand against the wall.”

I knew where he meant, the white wall across from the floor to ceiling windows. He had fucked me against it many a time. I stood with my back to its featureless expanse, watching him walk towards me. He tugged on the knot that fastened my dress closed, and pushed it off my shoulders. It slithered to a pool of silk at my feet. Resting his hands lightly on my hips, he kissed my lips, his tongue coolly exploring my mouth, then his mouth dropped to my breasts. He kissed the curve of them above the line of my bra. Then he lifted his hands to them, his thumbs brushing the nipples lightly until they were so taught against the fabric that they throbbed. He spun me around.

Obediently, I braced my hands against the wall, bending slightly at the waist. Half a step forward, and his groin was against my nearly-naked ass. I could feel his erection grinding against me through the fabric of his elegantly cut trousers.

One hand slid into my bra, pinching the nipple almost roughly as he massaged my breast. The other traced teasingly against my sex over my panties. I drew a sharp breath as he pressed harder, more rhythmically against my clit, thrusting my hips against his hand. Then he stopped, leaving me on the brink.

He unfastened my bra, sliding it off and cupping my breasts in both hands. This time, as he teased at my nipples, I had no choice but to grind myself against his hardness. He let go of my breasts, cupping my ass instead. Then slowly, almost tenderly, he slid down my panties, stooping to help me step out of them without catching them in my lethal spike heels.

I expected to hear the sound of him unfastening his trousers then, but instead he urged me upright.

“Go into the bedroom.”

Naked apart from the stockings, suspenders and shoes, I obeyed, my heels ringing on the polished wood floor as I sashayed towards his room.

When I got there, I could see the surprise he had planned. Two lengths of silk rested on the crisp white pillows. They were unmistakably ties. My heartbeat quickened, and my pussy was now so wet I could feel my quim dripping down my inner thighs with every step I took.

He came up behind me where I had paused in the doorway and whispered in my ear.

“Do you know what those are for?”

I nodded.

“Do you know what I intend to do?”

I shook my head.

“I’m going to tie you up now. Your arms will be pinned above your head. You’ll be helpless. And then.” He paused, and placed a kiss tenderly at the very top of my spine. “I’m going to do anything I want. Everything you love but you don’t want to tell me you love.”

I moaned again, and he spun me around, kissing me hard as he backed me towards the bed. He forcefully pushed me down onto it then urged me onto my back; it was just rough enough.

He pulled one hand above my head, kissing the racing pulse in my wrist as he deftly fastened the tie. He repeated the action with the other arm, so I lay in the very centre of the bed, my arms tied above my head, both ties fastened to the centre of the headboard.

I could not move my hands; I was...helpless. Then he began.

He trailed kisses all down my body, sucking my nipples until I cried out, not sure if it was pleasure or pain I was feeling, the buds of flesh were so excruciatingly sensitive.

Down my belly his tongue ran, skipping my mons and kissing back up my inner thighs, occasionally nipping gently with his teeth. The tease was breathtaking.

I was ready for him to devour me now. I needed it desperately.

He spread my thighs wide and pressed his mouth against my pussy. I gasped and moaned as he circled my clit with his tongue, alternating fast flicks with long, slow strokes, before working his tongue deep inside me as he sucked on the sensitive bud.

“Oh. My. God.”

I could feel him smile against me, but he didn’t stop. Normally I pulled him away; worried he wasn’t enjoying what he was doing and frustrated at not feeling his cock inside me, I would tug him back up my body, kissing him deeply, loving the taste of myself on his tongue even as I wouldn’t allow him to get me off.

Now I was helpless, could only moan and thrust my hips rhythmically against his mouth, faster and faster and faster until.... I moaned - screamed really - as an intense orgasm shot through me, leaving me gasping and churning helplessly on the bed like a crazed woman. He slowed down his movements, gradually bringing me down to earth.

Smiling, he stood, looking down at me as I panted on the bed. Slowly he unbuttoned his shirt and dropped his trousers, knowing I loved seeing him naked - he often asked what I was looking at as I drank in the sight of him moving around the bedroom in the morning as I luxuriated among sheets and pillows.

Kneeling naked between my legs, he leaned over and kissed me deeply, one hand fondling my breast. Sitting back, his hand went to his magnificent erection. Stroking it slowly with one hand, he rubbed the head between my pussy lips, teasing at my entrance, rubbing over my still-throbbing clit.

Helplessly, I bore down as far as I could before the pain and the restraints stopped me, trying to push him into me, but he merely smiled and pulled away.

Then gradually, oh so slowly, he pushed the tip - not even the whole head - into me. With each thrust, he pushed a little more of his thick length into me, and each time I pushed against him, trying in vain to suck his whole cock fully into my pussy.

Eventually he was thrusting slowly into me, his thumb rubbing over my clit in a matching rhythm until my pussy began throbbing again, the muscles of my inner walls clenching around him with each thrust. Then, just as my breathing began to quicken, he eased himself out. Bereft, I let out a frustrated growl.

“Now baby. I know how much you love sucking me off. And I know you especially love licking your juices off my cock.” He positioned himself so he was kneeling in front of my face. “Do you taste good baby? Do I?”

I licked my lips, opening them slightly, and he placed the blunt head of his cock against them.

Greedily, I took him in, swirling my tongue over the swollen purple head, probing gently at the tip where it oozed pre-cum, until he thrust into my throat, and I worked my tongue up and down his shaft.

Burying his fingers in my hair, he pushed my head back and forth, gently, so I wouldn’t gag on his cock as it thickened and swelled even more in my mouth. He sucked in a sharp breath between his teeth like he did when he was close to coming, then pulled himself out. “Not yet. I’m not done with you.”

He rolled me over (my bonds were long enough to allow this much movement) so I was resting on all fours with my ass in the air. Like an animal. Yearning to be taken, roughly and completely. I craved him back inside of me. 

He slid one hand around in front of my hips and between my legs, fingering my clit as he pushed his cock against my entrance again.

It didn’t take long, he had barely thrust the swollen head into me twice before I was crying out again, the muscles of my pussy wall spasming around the thick shaft as he pushed his whole length - his whole body weight - into me, then again as he grabbed my hips and pumped into me hard and fast, his balls slapping against my clit as my bottom smacked audibly against his abs.

I thought for sure he was starting to lose control, but as my hoarse shouts faded, he slowed his movements and eased out of me once more. I sensed where this was going. I wasn’t sure if it excited me...or scared me.

Two long fingers thrust into my throbbing pussy, and his thumb pushed against my asshole, already slick with my juices.

“I know this is meant to be about what I want, but really I know this is about what you want; to be tied up and vulnerable. You want me to fuck your ass, don’t you?”

I groaned - I had only tried anal a few times before. Part of the thrill was its taboo; girlfriends complained how their partners wanted it, or tried it without warning, and I felt almost ashamed for enjoying it. I bore down against his questing digits, my tight pucker opening slightly. Then it was two fingers thrusting up my back passage, then three, punching me open, demanding entry. Demanding submission.

Then, finally, the tip of his cock, slick with lube, pushing against my yearning rosebud.

I bore back against him as he slowly, slowly forced himself inside me. We both gasped as the swollen head slid inside the tight ring of muscle which gave some initial resistance before succumbing.

I moaned as he grabbed my ass in both hands, spreading my cheeks, and I knew he was watching his cock enter me in the most forbidden way, the sight turning him on as much as the sensation, and the primal gasps and moans I was making.

Gradually he deepened his thrusts until he was pushing right into me, his balls up against my pussy lips. I had never felt so full. So vulnerable. I wanted to use my hands...but I couldn’t. I was tied up on this man’s bed with his cock embedded in my ass...and I loved it. 

His hand strayed around my hips to find my clit, rubbing as he thrust. I panted, struggling to maintain rhythm until I felt my muscles spasm around him once more. An earth shuddering, body trembling, deep-seeded orgasm the likes of which I had never experienced before.

I groaned like a possessed banshee. I had lost control of my senses, and had almost no self awareness.

He let the sight take him over the edge, and I felt the underside of his cock throbbing as he spent himself over and over far inside of my tight little bottom.

Gasping, he leaned forward and pressed a kiss to the top of my neck, so I could feel his heart pounding against me.

Wordlessly, I smiled.

“Anything I wanted,” he had said.

I wiggled fingers that tingled slightly from the bonds I had unconsciously pulled tighter. The night had been everything he had wanted. But really, it had been about what I wanted; without consciously knowing it.