 Author's note: this story plays with themes such as incest between siblings, a light age difference and mild fem-dom. All characters are above the age of 18.

*****

The tent's opening is zipped down with a grinding sound and Isabella falls on her head into our small camping tent. She tries to move around, but I end up having her feet in my face.

"Stop it, you idiot," I hiss at her.

She apologizes several times but doesn't laugh any less. "I'm just trying to get to my bag!"

"Try doing it without stuffing your feet in my mouth."

Isabella just laughs in that stupid way she always does.

"I can't believe you've laid in here all day. It's going to get dark soon."

"I hope so. The sooner it gets dark, the sooner it will be morning, and then there are only four days left until we're going home."

My older sister sighs and leans against her bag, using it as a back rest.

"Why do you have to be so boring and teenage upset? You always loved to go camping when you were small."

"I'm not small anymore," I mumble. "I'm so tired of this bullshit. What the hell are we doing out here anyway? I could be at the beach with my friends right now, but Mom and Dad force me to waste my summer vacation here instead."

Isabella points at the sun with irritation. It's about to set behind the trees on the other side of the lake. "The weather's been great all day but you missed out on it because you've been lying in here like a cave-dweller."

"Whatever," I grunt but Isabella continues.

"Trying being a little more positive, dammit. You can have a really great trip but you gotta try first."

I roll my eyes at her. This is just too much. "This trip was yours and Mom's and Dad's idea. I was forced to go against my will!"

Isabella sighs at me. She rests her face in one of her palms. The blonde hair is put into a loose bun behind a blue bandana, and she isn't wearing makeup as much as a whole lot of filth and dirt in her face. Nevertheless, the blue eyes shine unnaturally bright, as they always do when we're camping.

"Come on," she tries with an annoying enthusiasm in her voice. "We just have to make the best of it!"

It is so typical of Isabella to not just leave me alone. When I was small and wanted to play with rocks by myself, she always dragged me into a game of hide-and-seek with her friends. When I went home from school, alone and crying because I had been bullied, she always followed and helped by carrying my Star Wars backpack.

"We're gonna do something fun!" she laughs. "Have I ever disappointed you when it comes to making up fun games?"

"I don't wanna play games, Isabella. I'm too old for that."

I can't believe she is still so childish. After twenty-four mornings with eggs, bacon and Happy-Birthday-To-Yous, you would think she was grown up.

"Then let's play cards," she says and begins to search her bag.

She searches. There is sickenly humid inside the small tent. I have walked up and down my family for the last couple of days and I'm going crazy. Isabella doesn't make it any better with her upbeat enthusiasm and hippie-like attitude.

She is wearing short denim shorts that cling to her sun-tanned thighs. They look almost painted on her perky butt. The dark tank top and crimson bra don't help much supporting the steadily rocking breasts when she is leaned over searching for cards. As soon as I realize I'm staring, I quickly look away, shameful of myself.

When you are outside in nature for many suns and moons, far from your laptop and your trusty iPhone, there are certain needs a boy my age cannot satisfy. Your mind starts playing games with you. Yesterday I got a boner from to an uprooted tree, because its gnarly roots slightly resembled a pair of spread woman's legs. So, to see a nice, adult woman with soft, smooth skin, who is in fact not made of bark, leaned over her bag with her butt raised like that, it doesn't help you at all - not even if she's your older sister.

"Looks like I forgot the cards at home," Isabella says as she turns around to face me. "But I found some paper and a pen! We can play hangman!"

"Or," I say with equal enthusiasm to mock her idea, "we could go into the lake and drown ourselves!"

Although I'm mocking her, it is mostly due to hiding the shame I feel from ogling my own flesh and blood.

"Can't you just take a hint and leave me be?"

Isabella ignores me. "We can play another game. How about I Spy?"

"I don't wanna play I Spy!"

"20 Questions?"

"No, I'm serious, leave me alone."

"Ooh, how about the Hold Your Breath Game. We see who can hold our breaths for the longest amount of time!"

Before I can tell her it is a stupid game she just made up, she immediately inhales a large amount of air. Her cheeks are puffed like a hamster's and she looks ridiculous. I can't help laughing. Her good mood is contagious.

The game ends after about ten seconds because neither of us have very strong lungs. Well, so much for trying.

"We could also play Truth or Dare."

"Yeah, right, 'cause that wouldn't be weird at all," I say.

"Why would that be weird?"

"Because we're siblings, duh."

"So?"

I shrug uncomfortably.

When Isabella realizes why I don't want to play Truth or Dare, she kicks my leg with her knee. "Geez, of course we aren't gonna ask each other naughty questions."

"Isn't that the point of Truth or Dare?"

She smirks at me. "Have you ever played it?"

No, I haven't, but when I went on a class trip to the Grand Canyon with my last year, I observed my classmates play. Naughty questions were the only thing they seemed capable of asking. The dares were even worse.

"Come on," Isabella says and smiles committedly. "Let's just play until dinner's ready. Dad has to light the fire and you know how long that takes him. You can even begin by asking me a question."

"I don't wanna."

"Come on."

"No."

"Yes, come on. I'm dying of boredom. Mom and Dad are sooo old!"

I sigh and finally give up. "Fine, alright. Truth or Dare?"

"Hmm," Isabella says, considering the extremely simple question. "Dare."

The hardest part of these games isn't actually to perform the dares. If you pick Truth, you can simply just lie, and if you choose Dare, no one's going to force you to something that is absolutely bonkers. The hardest part, in fact, is to think up the questions and the dares. Especially if the person you play with is your sister and you can't just say "kiss that guy" or "kiss that other guy".

"Go outside, steal Dad's wallet, and toss it into the lake."

Isabella stares at me wide-eyed. "What?!"

"You heard me. Toss Dad's wallet into the lake. You wanted to play this stupid game, so you gotta do it."

She emits a snorting laughter. "I ain't doing that!"

"Then you lose."

"How about I take his wallet and just pretend to throw it in the lake?"

I consider her contribution. The point of the dare was to make her give up and leave me alone. I hadn't expected she would try to negotiate like this. It's still a hard dare and I'm sure Dad will be angry with her anyway.

"Alright," I say, "if you truly seek to challenge our great father's wrath."

"I'll take my chances," Isabella laughs.

She unzips the tent door and I look with excitement as she sneaks through our small camping ground. Dad is squatting and pokes the fire pit with a stick while Mom sits close by, reading her book. The leather wallet almost calls out for Isabella to be stolen from the back-pocket of Dad's khaki shorts. They don't see her yet.

Few seconds later, Isabella sprints past Mom and Dad, grabbing the wallet. Our parents only just begin to realize what is happening when Isabella pretends to toss the wallet into the lake. They call out for her in utter terror.

Isabella stops and laughingly explains herself. Neither Mom or Dad find the prank particularly funny, but I can't help smiling from the safety of the tent.

As Isabella returns, she has an upbeat expression on her face, and she falls together in a cross-legged position on top her sleeping bag.

Our eyes meet. We burst into laughter.

"Did you see their faces when you were about to throw?" I ask.

"Did I?" my older sister laughs. "I thought they were gonna kick me out of the family right then and there!"

We laugh some more until we finally calm down. I really needed something to laugh at. Isabella eventually looks at me.

"It's my turn to ask. Truth or Dare?"

I consider. "Truth," I say.

"Chicken?" Isabella teases with a smirk.

"Nope. I'm just smart enough not to allow myself to be put through what you just did."

Isabella sticks her tongue out. She rubs her chin as if she is an ancient genius looking for the proper way to express her thoughts.

"Alright, answer me this; aren't you glad I came in here to keep you company?"

My stubbornness knows no limits. "No way."

"Yes, you are," Isabella insists with a smile.

"No, I'm not!" I reply but fail to hide my smile no matter how hard I try.

"Yes, you are!"

Isabella pushes me down and starts tickling me the way she used to do when we were kids and played in Grandma's and Grandpa's garden. But I'm much bigger and stronger now, so I can fight back. In the end, however, I must curl into a ball to protect myself.

"If you aren't happy, why are you laughing so much?" Isabella giggles while she holds me down and commits acts against me that should classified under the Geneva Convention description of war crimes.

"Because you're killing me!" I groan, as I gasp for air.

"Admit you're happy I came in here and that I'm the best big sister in the entire world!"

"Never!" I whine.

We fight until Mom and Dad shouts that dinner is ready. When we come outside and sit by the small table, the smell of chili con carne fills the air.

The sun kisses the treetops goodnight in a long and loving embrace and as a result, our camp is bathed in a soft orange glow. Both our parents are schoolteachers and insist we must eat dinner together. That's what we've always done. It's a good way to see each other and to talk about each other's day.

When the sun has set and the dishes are washed, the four of us sit around the fire pit's last embers, wrapped up in blankets, and feel cozy like a family. I can sense Mom and Dad are happy I'm alone by myself inside the tent all night. There is a positive mood in our small family for once.

With my teeth brushed and my nightwear pulled over my head, I lie quietly in my sleeping bag and stare awkwardly into the tent's fabric wall while Isabella changes her clothes behind me. The worst thing about sharing a tent with my sister is the lack of private life. At least I have it easier, I imagine.

Once I hear the movements indicating she is in her bag, I turn onto my back and stare up through the small, transparent plastic window in the tent's ceiling. The starry night sky is a marvelous sight and it doesn't take me long to find Canis Major. Dad always used to point out all the constellations when I went on fishing trips with him and Grandpa as a kid. I thought it was boring as hell back then, but now I kind of miss it.

For what feels like hours, my mind drifts, feeling like I'm being carried away on a Canis Major. High school, the boys, upcoming exams. Everything gets its turn. I also think a lot about the cute girls at my school. I'm so horny. I haven't jerked off the past four days, and it's driving me nuts! I roll onto my other side to think about something else.

"Can't sleep?" Isabella's soft voice sounds in the dark.

"Nope," I say in a quiet voice as to not wake Mom and Dad. They are snoring in their own tent next to ours. "Can't you sleep either?"

"Sure I can!" Isabella replies as she makes exaggerated snoring noises. It's too dark to make out her face, but I can hear in her voice that she is smiling.

"Ha-ha-ha," I say stiffly without actually laughing. "You know what I mean."

Isabella keeps on snoring but stops after a little while. Neither of us say anything for some time and I'm nearly convinced she had actually fallen asleep.

"It's your turn by the way," she says out of the blue.

"My turn? What are you talking about?"

"Truth or Dare."

"Are you serious?"

"You got something better to do?"

"I guess not. Fine, you're right."

"Aren't I always?"

"Whatever," I say. "Alright, truth or dare?"

"Dare."

"Ok."

I try to think of something, anything I can dare her to do. It must be something she can do in here since I doubt neither of us really want to get out of our sleeping bags, put on our clothes and go outdoors.

"Tell me a ghost story."

"A ghost story?"

"Yeah."

"Hmm, ok."

Isabella is quiet for a moment and I imagine she is making up a story. She makes small, thoughtful noises, and finally a gasp as an idea comes to her head.

"Do you know what these forests were like, like, many hundred years ago?"

"Don't know. Can't say I was there."

"Many years ago, in pre-Columbian times, this forest belonged to the Cree. Cree legend states there lived terrible monsters in this forest."

"Ooh, so scary."

"Wendigos, they call them. They say they are evil spirits who eats humans lost in the night. The look like skeletons with pale skin stretched out to tight around their bodies. They smell like rotten meat and have dark bottomless pits for eyes."

"Sound like me on a Monday."

"The nastiest part is the way you get turned into a wendigo. When it's winter and your family hasn't eaten for weeks, and your children are dying of starvation in your arms, and you are so fucking hungry that you consort to cannibalism just to survive, the gods become so angry they turn you into a wendigo. And then you must hunt people, forever, to survive."

I'm listening with some interest.

"I quite like the story. It's a strong metaphor. Even though wendigos surely aren't real, the native Americans saw cannibalism as a horrible taboo. When someone does something so norm-breaking, of course society will cast them out and brand them as demons."

"Wow," I say, yawning. "I can't believe you actually managed to make a cool Native ghost story uninteresting. And that wasn't a horror story at all by the way. That was a fucking anthropological lecture."

"A guy walks into a dark forest. A ghost suddenly appears and kills him. The end. Better?"

"Are you crazy? I'm about pee my pants!"

"I really hope you'll make it outside in time," my sister comments and we laugh as quietly as we can.

I sense Isabella is resting her face lazily in her hand as if she is watching me 

"Truth or dare?"

"Truth," I answer sleepily.

"Hmm. Any cute girls at school?"

I consider the question carefully. "Not really."

"You sure? Don't have a little sweetheart I don't know about?"

"Nope," I say, somewhat annoyed.

I'm as good as invisible to the opposite gender so these kinds of questions make me rather uncomfortable.

"Well, they're the ones missing out," she says in a comforting way that seems to indicate she is aware of my insecurity. "A nice girl's gonna come along one day and then you'll fall in love and it'll be sweet. I promise."

I remain silent and simply gaze into the stars above. Love and relationships aren't something we normally talk about in my family, so I don't know how to talk to Isabella about it, or if I even should.

"Do you?" I ask.

"Do I what?"

"Have a boyfriend?"

Isabella giggles, equally as tired. "Nah. It looks like we're kinda in the same boat on that one. It's been a while for me in that field.

"Alright," I say.

We decide to call it a day and I make myself comfortable in my sleeping bag. It's going to be a long day tomorrow. Hiking with Mom and Dad. I better get some rest.

But the throbbing rod between my legs has other ideas. I usually satisfy myself before I could to bed when I'm at home. It only gets worse the longer I spend with my built-up desires. Sex scenes dance before my inner eye while old porn movies from the internet play on repeat.

I make sure Isabella isn't watching me. It's impossible to see her in the dark but her breathing tells me she's asleep. Nice and quietly, I sneak my hand down my Batman boxers and close my fingers around my throbbing dick. I rub the shaft gently, up and down, just to put it at ease.

Lie down, you little bastard, I tell it. But a little turns into a lot and soon my hand rubs up and down as if I'm in a trance. The veins caress my palms and I feel that nice, welcoming feeling in my brain that I have craved for so long.

But Isabella moves around in her sleeping bag and it gives me a massive shock. I immediately take my hand off my dick. I thought she was asleep and sure, maybe she is, but the fun is over. I kick myself mentally. What the fuck am I doing? What kind of sick piece of shit am I to jerk off while my sister sleeps just next to me?

I just have to hold out. As a starving man stranding in the Pacific Ocean, longing for a ship at the horizon, I long for home, a closed down and wireless access to PornHub.

The hike would probably have been great. Trees, rivers, mountains, lakes. Dad even scouts out some pretty cool birds with his binoculars. But I can't be bothered with any of it because I'm a teenage boy addicted to masturbation. I'm like a meth head who hasn't had his fix in weeks. I can't be jerking off more often than other guys my age, can I? About once a day before bed, sometimes twice if no one's home. I slap myself across the cheeks and pour cold water over my face when my family isn't looking. People back in the day didn't even have porn at all and they survived just fine. I just have to pull it together.

But what is incredibly frustrating, are the clothes Isabella is wearing. How can Mom and Dad allow this? Same short denim shorts hugging her right ass and an open back shirt, more accurately be described as a loose piece of fabric over her breasts tied together by a couple of strings. She is sweating too, of course, we all are, and insisting she wears a more, shall we say; conservative attire, would be outright cruelty. But man, oh man. How can I not stare at her shapely body, the tight waist, the long legs and her seductive hips, as renegade drops of sweat drip down her neck into her ripe cleavage?

She is your damn sister, dude! Get your head clear! She can wear whatever she wants without you being a disgusting little fucknugget. I swear to God, I have never had an inappropriate thought about my older sister before. She taught me to fly a kite. I can't seriously be having dirty thoughts about her.

I decide to go in the front, so I don't have to look at her. I don't speak to her either because who knows what stupid shit I'd say. But hey, since I'm leading, it means I get home sooner, right? Mom and Dad shout for me, telling my to show their old knees mercy.

Back at camp it's just as bad as ever and I hide away with my misery behind the tent's moss green sheets. I try to deny my mind and soul that it is Isabella and her ripe body that drives me insane. She is your fucking sister. I cannot have dirty thoughts about her, absolutely none. It's gross. Three days left. Three fucking days. Monks live in celibacy all their lives and I'm at least twice as tough as a couple of old church freaks.

Dinner is a blessing because it somewhat diverts my mind off sex. I have other needs after all, although my hunger is mostly of the wanton sort these days. Shit, I would kill for an hour behind a pine with a fully charged iPhone and a wifi connection. Five minutes might do the trick. Maybe even one.

Inside the tent I lie with my own tent raised in the middle of my boxers. I have to lie on a side so as to display the massive pole in my sleeping bag. As Isabella turns her back to me and unbuttons her bra, I close my eyes just as much as her respect for her private life as to regards for my own sanity. She is your fucking sister. My dick can't distinguish between sexy women and my own flesh and blood anymore. I'm starting to think my life might be better as a eunuch. Well, there's an axe lying on the chopping block outside.
