 "Well there goes the month," I said.

"Com'on Brian, shes lonely now that Dad has passed, she just wants to hang out with us."

Recently, Kim's father had passed away. Kim was doing OK, but apparently my mother in law was lonely now, and had nothing to do. I encouraged her, after the appropriate amount of time had passed, to go out again and start living. She was an extremely attractive older woman, and I would have hit on her had I been single. I was reluctant to have her over though, as it meant a decline in our sex around the house. Normally after a long day at work, I would get naked soon as I got home and relieve some tension around the house. There wasn't a room or surface me and Kim hadn't fucked on. Plus, as I am sure all mother in laws do, she will pester us with having kids. Once she gave me her puppy dog eyes, I couldn't resist and let her mother stay for a while.

"OK, I guess I can go a month without constant release."

"You can still get naked at home, honey, why would that stop."

I was shocked, "What do you mean, stroll around naked here, and fuck in the kitchen like shes not here?"

"Well, I have told her about our naturalist house lifestyle, there are few things she doesn't know. You know we are very close."

I was getting nervous, "Does she..."

"She knows we fuck, just not how ;)."

"Well we can get through the month and then resume our natural way soon enough."

------

"Hey Honey! Hey Mom." Kim said waving from the front door as I pulled in our driveway. It was a long drive to pick up her Mom, Sherry. She lived about two hours away, making for a four hour round trip drive. She hated driving, so wanted to be picked up. 

Sherry went in a greeted her daughter, and they filed into the kitchen to have a drink and chat. I unloaded the luggage from the car, and brought it in. I gave my wife an you-owe-me look, and continued on upstairs to drop off her stuff in the guest room. I then retreated to the master to shower and get changed. A few moments later Kim came up to see whats wrong.

"The whole trip was, its time to have a baby. Your getting older, I am getting older, its now time to extend the family. Two straight hours of this!"

"Oh Brian, I am sorry. I will make it up to you. After your shower, just come down naked like you usually would. She knows were nudist, and if she gets uncomfortable she can leave, *wink wink*."

"Ok, I trust you honey..."

I hit the shower and instantly cooled off. I was thinking a little about coming down naked in front of Sherry, and started to get a little excited. While we had been to some nude resorts, its different with people you know. Strangers don't matter. I heard Kim rustling around the room for a little bit, then head back down. I turned off the water, and stared at myself as I toweled off. Can you really go down there naked in front of your mother in law? I know Kim and her mom are close, but seeing your son-in-laws penis is a different kind of close. Well maybe after listening to berate me the entire drive, this will be a little payback. 

-----

I air dried in the bedroom and tidied up. I found Kim's clothes strewn across the bed. I guess she changed to get more comfortable. I was starting to tremble with nervousness as I opened the door to head downstairs. 

I slowly descended the stairs and saw Sherry watching some TV. The couch was facing the TV, and our stairs came down from behind the couch, so she couldn't see me just yet. Which was fine, I retreated to the kitchen fairly swiftly.

I froze as at the doorway. There was my wife, standing at the sink, with black stiletto heels, long legs, her perfectly tight butt staring right at me, arching her open back tilting her head letting her hair flow to one side. Wearing nothing but high heels and an apron, I was drooling at the sight of her. 

I slide up behind her, my cock starting to harden as I walked over. I lifted and placed my cock between her cheeks, as I wrapped my arms around her. "Mmmmm, I can feel the heat from your cock."

I kissed her neck as my hand outlined her breasts through the apron. She started to breath deeper, as she turned off the sink. I started to back up to slow down before this got to far. "We probably shouldn't go any further with your Mom in the other room."

"I told you, she knows most of everything already."

Kim turned around, revealing the shortest apron we had, It ended right at her beautiful pussy lips, which would poke out as she walked towards me. But what was also hiding under that apron, lined up vertically was a thick, veiny, strap-on cock. 

Seeing the outline of that perfect phallus caused my mouth to drop to the floor, and my cock to shoot to the ceiling. Now I was trembling for a different reason, my whole body, my lips, my arms, and my cock tingled with excitement.

Before I could say anything, she put her finger to my lips, and said "Thank you for picking up my mom." With that, she allowed her pink cock to fall through the apron, and closed the gap between us. I grabbed my cock and placed it on hers, as she kissed me. She rolled her tongue around mine, as I rolled my cock around hers. I sucked her tongue, as I fucker her hand holding us together. My cock was leaking all over her, she lifted her hand, and fed me her fingers. Slurping each of her fingers. 

Unbeknownst to me, Sherry had heard the slurping sounds, and came to investigate. She stood at the door, and almost dropped her drink. She smiled and just continued to watch.

I slowly slid down, sliding my face over her perfect tits, down her flat tummy. She gripped her cock, and slapped my face with it. All I could do was open my mouth and let her beat my face and tongue. She gripped the back of my head and guided me down her perfect pink shaft. I licked up and down the shaft like a lollipop, looking up into her eyes. 

I slid a hand slowly up her legs, tracing little circles, building up those tingling sensations. Finally meeting her lips, I slid a few fingers into her moist pussy. She was so turned on, watching her husband suck her pink monster, finger her pussy, and seeing her mom in the corner watching, who had slowly stripped from her clothes into in bra and panties watching us. 

I came up to kiss Kim, wrapping my hands around her, gripping her perfect ass, pulling her into me. Her hands came around my neck, giving into the kiss fully. She slid to the side and pushed me forward onto the kitchen table. My hands were spread, and she spread my legs further apart. She slid behind me, and rested her cock between my cheeks, bending over me, feeling her breast on my back, leaning in just enough to nibble my ear. Her hand slid around my waist and she gripped my cock. Sliding her cock up and down my cheeks, she was squeezing more pre-cum out of me on the table. She grabbed my waist and pulled me back, pressing her cock hard against my ass, forcing my head down to lick up the pre-cum.

I heard a gasp, assuming it was Kim, I just kept going. Sherry had her panties off and was squeezing her breasts as she was fingering her pussy. Kim, turned her head, and put a finger to her lips, then returned focus back to me. 

She pulled a bottle of lube out of the apron and squirted some down my crack, letting it trickle down to her cock. She started to loosen up my ass, and stroke her cock to ready myself for her. "I cant take it, fuck me! Fuck me! Fucking pound my ass!"

She slid her cock in me, and I began panting and moaning. I couldn't contain my pleasure. I was humming to the pleasure I was receiving. I began to grunt in unison with each of her thrusts. I was in heaven at that point and I was no longer in that kitchen. I couldn't see or hear anything. Which was probably good.

As I couldn't contain my pleasure, neither could Sherry, she had cum once already and was now on the floor, as her legs gave out. She was fully spread working herself to another orgasm. 

At this point my wife, stood me up, and was kissing my neck, all while her cock was still in me. She grabbed my cock, and started to turn me around. I tilted my head further to kiss her back, while we did a 180. She then slowly guided us down, I was on all fours, facing my mother in law, looking right at her and still not registering what was happening. Kim started thrusting again, and it finally hit me...

"Wait, whats going on?! Kim wait... oh god don't stop!"

I didn't care anymore, I was on the verge of cumming, while being fucked my wife, staring at her mother work her pussy in front of me. Sherry slid her leg under our coupling and started to tickle my balls with her foot. "Grrrrrrrr aaaaahhhhhhhhhhh" I couldn't hold it in any longer and lost all control. I began spewing everything I had pent up, I came all over Sherry's legs. Which in turn caused Sherry to orgasm a second time. With each spurt Kim, slowed her thrusts down, panting herself, until eventually she popped out of me. Sherry giggled at the sound. 

Kim fell back, panting, her whole body shaking from the workout she just gave, her cock floating above as she was shaking from her own excitement. I leaned down, while staring directly at Sherry and licked up her leg. Dragging my tongue up thighs. Instinctively she held out her hand, and I slowly took each finger in to clean up her juices with mine. I smiled and fell back myself, content with everything.

"I guess that's why you don't have kids!"

We all laughed as I am sure our family dynamic changed forever.