 Hi, my name is Mary. I am a happily married woman with two kids. My husband and I are both very fit and have high sex drives. My sex drive is what gets me in trouble here. 

My job requires me to travel for work about once every couple months. Usually its only a day or two but this trip is for an entire week. I flew to Indianapolis this morning and I've had a busy day in my booth so far. I've never been in a bigger conference center. There has to be a thousand vendors here! 

I look down at my watch and see it says four o' clock. "Only one more hour," I say to my co-worker, Jessica. 

Jessica looks over at me grinning, "I know girl, I can't wait to get a drink after this! I heard the Coyote Ugly bar next to the hotel is supposed to be lots of fun!" 

"What has you two grinning so much at a software conference?" a deep voice said from in front of our booth. We both looked across the table and saw the owner of the voice, a tall black man, about 6'4", and very athletic looking. 

I smiled politely and said, "just talking about getting a drink after this long day is over. I'm Mary, how are you today?"

The man smiled back and said, "I'm Kevin, but everyone at work calls me 'Big K.' I'm doing pretty good. What can you tell me about your services?"

We chit chatted about the products and services my company offers for about 15 minutes. Kevin's eyes seemed to wander up and down my body as we spoke. It gave me a strange feeling of excitement to know he was checking me out. Kevin told me he has to go speak to another vendor before the conference closes for the day. He took a company pamphlet before shaking our hands and walking away. 

Five o'clock rolled around and the conference closed down for the day. Jessica and I each went to our hotel rooms and agreed to meet in the lobby at 6 so we could go get a drink at Coyote Ugly. 

I took a quick shower and put on a plaid button down shirt, jeans, and cowgirl boots. I figured that would be appropriate attire for Coyote Ugly. 

"Hey, Mary! You ready to go?!" Jess called from across the lobby. 

"Yep!" I said. "I really need a drink after today."

We ended up standing at a high top table near the dance floor. I ordered a double vodka and tonic and and Jess ordered her usual beer. 

"I don't know how you drink that stuff," Jess said. 

"It's got less calories than beer so I don't feel as bad having a few of them," I said with a laugh. 

We continued to talk and have a few drinks. A few guys approached our table over the course of an hour but we pretended to be a lesbian couple, sending them away.

A trivia game started in the bar and we joined in. We were about four drinks in and laughing pretty hard at some of the answers when two drinks arrived at our table. We told the waitress we didn't order the drinks but she simply pointed toward the corner of the bar. We both looked and saw Kevin. He raised his drink to us and we waved back, smiling. 

"That was nice of him." I said to Jess. 

"Yea, you know he is totally into you right? He was checking you out the whole time you were talking to him at the conference." 

I blushed and lied, "I hadn't noticed." 

The trivia game ended and we continued to talk while we waited for another game to start. I jumped a little when I heard a deep voice behind me say, "mind if I join you ladies? My co-workers didn't want to come out tonight so I don't have a trivia partner." 

"Sure, you can join us," I said, "maybe we will actually get a few right next round." We all laughed and I felt a twinge of guilt at the feeling I got from Kevin's stares. 

I put my arm around Jessica's waist and told Kevin, "this is my wife, Jessica. I don't think you were introduced earlier today." 

"Nice to meet you, Jessica." Kevin said, smiling at us. 

I felt a little better about talking to Kevin since he now knew I was married and off limits. "That doesn't mean I can't still admire his tall and fit body though, right?" I thought to myself. "I must be more buzzed than I thought." I said to myself. "I am a married woman." 

After another round of trivia, they announced there was going to be a dance competition. 

The rules were simple: 1. You can't dance with the person you came to the bar with. 2. When a staff member tells you to leave the floor, you are done. 3. The last couple standing gets a free round of drinks. 

Kevin grabbed my hand, and pulled me to the dance floor. "Let's do this," he said, "I love to dance."

I was pretty drunk and I let him lead me onto the dance floor. "What's the harm in dancing?" I said to myself.

An old song from when I was in high school came on over the speakers. Apple Bottom Jeans by FloRida. "I love this song!" I shouted to Kevin as we started dancing. 

"Call me Big K." He replied. 

"Do they call you that because you're so tall?" I asked him. 

"That's one reason," he replied, grinning at me. 

We continued to dance and it got down to just Kevin, me, Jess, and her partner left on the floor. I turned away from Kevin and looked at Jess as I shook my ass toward Kevin. I felt his hands go on my hips and I got lower and lower to the floor as FloRida said, "low low low low." 

When I went back up I felt Kevin's hands on my hips again as he pulled me against him. I noticed how large his hands felt on my hips. Dancing is a big turn on for me and I began grinding my ass against Kevin without even thinking about it. 

I felt a large bulge pressing against my ass and my eyes got big. "That's why they call me Big K," Kevin said. 

"Oh, my God," I said, "there is no way that is real."

"It's real." Kevin said, grinning. 

As the last verses of the song played out, Jess and her partner were eliminated and Kevin and I were declared the winners. We walked to the bar to claim our free drinks and I felt Kevin smack my butt. 

"I think that ass is what won it for us," he said, winking at me. 

I blushed and grinned back at him. By this point I was about 8 drinks in and I had forgotten all about my lesbian cover story. Kevin and I drank received our drinks from the bar and went to go back to our table with Jess. I didn't see her anywhere. 

I asked Kevin, "do you see Jess anywhere?"

"I saw her leave with that guy she was dancing with. When they lost they walked out of the bar holding hands." 

"Oh." I said, shocked she would leave with a stranger. Like me, Jess was married. That's why our lesbian story worked so well for us. 

"Lets get out of here," Kevin said to me.

"Look, I lied about being married to Jess, but I really am married." I told Kevin. "My husband would divorce me if I cheated on him." 

Kevin just smiled and said, "he doesn't have to find out." 

I turned him down but he asked if he could at least walk me to my room since it was so late and we were in downtown Indianapolis. I agreed and he walked me back to my room. We were making small talk as we got to my door. 

"Thanks for having fun with us tonight." I told him. 

"Anytime," he replied. "You girls are awesome to hang out with, and beautiful too." He said, winking at me. 

I blushed and told him goodnight as I pulled my keycard from my pocket. 

"Do you mind if I use your bathroom?" Kevin asked. "All those drinks are catching up to me and I really have to pee," he said, laughing. 

"Sure, no problem," I said as I opened the door. 

I sat on the edge of the bed and pulled my boots off. It felt good to take them off after all the dancing and standing around all night. 

Let me change into my pajamas real quick while he is in the bathroom, I told myself. 

I quickly stripped off my jeans, button down shirt, and bra. I was pulling my gym shorts and t-shirt I like to sleep in from my suitcase when the bathroom door opened behind me. 

"God Damn, girl!" Kevin exclaimed. 

I quickly stood up, covering my bare breasts with my pajamas. "Sorry! I was just trying to change real quick." 

"You don't have to be sorry," Kevin said, "you look phenomenal."

I blushed as he walked over to me. He gently pulled my hands holding my pajamas down away from my breasts. I didn't fight him. I felt terrible as my husband crossed my mind, but at the same time the thrill of cheating turned me on like crazy. 

Kevin picked me up by my waist and laid me on my bed. He began kissing me and I felt like I was melting in his arms. He worked his way down my neck to my breasts. He began tenderly sucking on each nipple. I was so horny I couldn't help myself. I pushed his head lower and he kissed my pussy through my underwear. 

Kevin pulled my underwear off and began eating me out. I was pulling his face into my pussy and moaning so loud the neighboring rooms had to hear me. I had at least three of the best orgasms of my life.

"I want to feel you inside me," I told Kevin. 

He looked up from eating my pussy and grinned at me. Kevin stood up and stripped naked. I watched as he lowered his boxers and the biggest cock I have ever seen popped out. His cock was already raging hard and pointing directly at my pussy. His cock was jet black, much darker than his medium skin tone, and had to be 12 inches long!

He pulled me right to the edge of the bed and the head of his cock was just barely touching my pussy lips. I shifted my hips towards him, trying to get him inside me. Kevin began to rub his cock up and down my pussy, driving me crazy. 

"Tell me what you want," he said. 

"I want you inside me," I replied with a moan. 

"What do you want inside you?" He asked, continuing to tease me and rub his cock on my pussy.

"I want your big cock inside me, pleeeease," I begged.

"Say you want my big black cock inside you," he commanded in a different tone than I had heard tonight. 

"I want your big black cock inside me," I said. It was as if those words were magic, because they made me even wetter than I already was. 

Kevin began to push his cock inside me. He was going slow because of how tight I am. It hurt being stretched by his big cock, but it also felt better than anything in the world. 

"You're so much bigger than my husband," I said without even thinking about it. 

"I can tell," Kevin said, "it feels like you're a virgin." 

After a minute or so of slowly working his cock in and out, he had it all the way inside me. "I can't believe it fits!" I said. 

Kevin pulled all the way out and I immediately felt empty. I had my legs around his waist and I tried pulling him toward me. "Put it back innnn," I begged. 

Kevin did as a I asked and he started pumping in and out of my pussy. He started slow and picked up more and more speed until I found myself cumming again and again.

"FUCK ME WITH YOUR BIG BLACK COCK, BIG K!" I screamed as he continued to pound in and out of my pussy at an impossible pace.

Suddenly, Kevin pulled out and flipped me over. My feet were now on the floor and my face and breasts were pressed into the bed. I felt Kevin pushing into me from behind as I pushed up onto my hands. 

I let out a long moan as he pushed his way back into me, until I felt his balls slap my pussy. 

"Do you like the way my BBC stretches your pussy?" Kevin said as he slowly pumped in and out of me. 

"Yessss," I hissed. 

"You're not going to be able to feel your husband's little cock when you get home." 

"Mmmm," I moaned. Kevin's dirty talk was turning me on more and more. 

"Say it." Kevin said.

"Say what?" I asked between moans. 

"Say you're not going to be able to feel hubby's little cock anymore."

"I'm not...ooooh, going to beeee, oooh, able to feel his little cock," I said, and Kevin began pounding my pussy harder and harder. 

"Say you're a black cock slut." 

"I'm a black cock slut!" I said.

"Louder," Kevin said as he kept fucking me from behind.

"I'm a black cock slut!!"

"AGAIN!!"

"I'M A BLACK COCK SLUT!! CUM IN MY WHITE PUSSY!! MY HUSBAND COULD NEVER FUCK ME LIKE THIS!!" I screamed over and over again as Kevin was fucking me harder and harder. 

It must have pushed him over the edge because he began to grunt louder and I felt stream after stream of his cum shooting into my pussy. The feeling of his cum shooting into me sent me over the edge one last time and I had the most mind blowing orgasm of my life. 

Kevin slowly pulled out of me and we laid on the bed, side by side, with my leg hanging across him. 

"That was amazing," I said. "It was the best sex of my life."

Kevin grinned down at me and said I was pretty great too. 

As we lay there, I caught myself secretly hoping he got me pregnant. I have an IUD but something about Kevin and the way he ruled over my body made me want to have his baby. It must have been a animalistic instinct. A reaction to his alpha-male-ness. 

Kevin and I had sex several more times that night. When I slowly walked to our booth in the morning, I could feel Kevin's cum still dripping out of me into my panties. Jessica was waiting for me at the booth. 

Jessica looked me over and said, "you look like you had a good night," winking at me. 

I sheepishly smiled back and asked about her night. 

"Oh I went back to my room with John from the bar. He was okay but it was nothing like the way your night sounded," she said.

"YOU COULD HEAR ME FROM TWO DOORS DOWN?!" I whisper shouted at her.

"I think everyone on our floor could hear you," she said as she giggled. 

The rest of the day was uneventful and we went back to our rooms at 5 o'clock. I was about to get in the shower when there was a knock at my door. I looked through the peep hole and saw Kevin standing there. 

I dropped my towel away before opening the door wide for him to see me. He grinned as he stepped into the room and picked me up by my waist. 

"I've been waiting all day for this," he said.

"Me too," I replied as I undressed him.

...TO BE CONTINUED.