 Normal disclaimer: This is a work of fiction. Any similarities to persons living or dead is coincidental. All persons depicted in sexual acts are at least 18 years of age and consenting adults. This story involves incest. If that's not your thing, then you should stop reading now. 

Special Note: This story is also pretty light on sexual content. If that's going to deter from your reading pleasure, you might want to choose a different story. Otherwise, enjoy yourself.

Special thanks go to thisnameisnttakenyet and DirtyMindedMinx for their editing & beta reading efforts. Huzzah!

*****

It was a Monday night, almost midnight. It was the first full week after my first year of college. I had taken a summer job at a generic big box retail store. It wasn't the best job, but it was easy enough work, and the money wasn't bad all things considered. I had worked until closing time, done all the restocking and swept the storerooms. Finally, I could clock out and leave. A quick trip through a drive thru for a value meal, and I was heading home. As I pulled up to the house, I noticed my sister's car parked in my normal spot out front. Well, Stacy was home finally. 

My sister Stacy was 22, three years older than I, and had just finished her third year of college. Her classes finished up almost a month ago, but she spent some time with friends at the beach, and then was in Denver for two weeks babysitting for our Uncle Steve and Aunt Ellen while they went on an anniversary cruise. 

I opened the front door and headed up the stairs. I passed Stacy's room. The door was closed and there was no light coming from under the door. I assumed she was asleep. I really didn't care to be honest. I just wanted a shower and some shut eye. I had the dreaded back-to-back shifts. Closing one night, opening the next morning. It wasn't ideal, but it meant some overtime and I liked money. I washed the funk off my body, then pulled on a t-shirt and some gym shorts. I headed downstairs to grab a bottle of water before I passed out. I hit the bottom of the stairs and turned into the living room. I took one step and stopped dead in my tracks. 

Stacy was sitting on the couch, staring at the TV. She was wearing some bright green shorts and a loose white tank top. Normally, I wouldn't have noticed what she was wearing, but tonight, one of the straps of her shirt was off her shoulders and pulled down pretty far, which left her entire tit exposed, nipple and all. I stood there slack-jawed. I mean, I had seen a boob before. I had a couple of girlfriends during high school - I had even gone all the way with Linda Myers a few times over spring break while her mom was at work. But on those occasions, the boobs were seen in the context of a romantic situation, in back seat of a car or on someone's bed. I had never seen a tit just out in the open like that. It was unexpected to say the least. No to mention, it was my sister.

I don't know how long I stood there. It probably wasn't more than a few seconds, but it felt like an eternity. I was transfixed by my sister's breast. Round and full, with a hard nipple protruding from the pink areola. It looked firm and soft and had the slightest bit of droop to it. Stacy just sat there, oblivious to my presence. A loud noise from the TV snapped me out of my fog. I looked down and shuffled into the kitchen. I braced myself on the counter and took a deep breath. That was... unexpected to say the least. 

I opened the fridge and grabbed my water. I stood there a moment, pondering what to do next as I took a drink. I opened and closed a cabinet door to make some noise. Hopefully, that would give her a chance to notice her state of undress. I counted to five, and then went back into the living room. Stacy was still in the same spot, but now her shirt was on correctly, her boob safely stored away. I could see her nipple poking the white cloth covering it. 

"Good night sis," I said as I walked to the stairs.

"Night," she replied, never once moving her gaze from the TV. 

I got to my room, stripped down and climbed in bed. I had to be at work in eight hours, but my mind raced as I tossed and turned. The image of Stacy's full round tit was burned into my consciousness. My sister had nice tits. Her hard nipple just begged to be sucked on and played with. I felt my dick stirring. I reached down and took a hold of him for a moment and was surprised to find that I was hard. Maybe not throbbing-ready-to-fuck hard, but hard enough. Seeing Stacy's breast exposed had done a number on me apparently. 

I knew growing up that Stacy was pretty. It was kind of hard not to notice. She had the bright smile, sparkling blue eyes, and flowing blonde hair that seems to always attract attention. My friend Colby had an all-out crush on her and used to tease me about my sister and her "big boobies". It got annoying fast. During high school, she had what seemed like a never-ending string of boyfriends. She was popular, and it was obvious why. She was tall, voluptuous, and gorgeous. 

Despite all that, I had never really seen her as a sexual being. She was just my sister. She teased me when I started shaving, she teased me when my voice changed. She wasn't anyone I could ever have a sexual thought about. Even on vacations at the beach, seeing her in the bikinis she and Mom fought about never made me bat an eye. 

But tonight, for some reason, that had all changed. I had seen her breast and it was clearly affecting me. None of the girls I had dated had tits that big, and Linda's (the last live boobs I had seen) were so small they barely qualified as breasts. And that was a couple months ago. 

Maybe that was it. I hadn't been out with anyone really in a long time, so naturally the first tits I saw were going to get me a little worked up. That had to be it. It was just biology, a natural reaction. My mind at ease, I could relax enough to fall asleep. 

I overslept a bit and had to rush out of the house the next morning to get to work on time. A delivery truck arrived as I clocked in, so the rest of my day was spent unloading, sorting, checking shipping lists, and putting things away in the storerooms. Naturally, on a day like this, I ended up working several extra hours to complete the task at hand. At least the manager on duty was appreciative, and even bought me some brisket and sausage from the BBQ joint next door in lieu of an actual lunch break.

Job done, I headed for home. With a day off in front of me, I was looking forward to relaxing and doing absolutely nothing. I pulled up behind Stacy's car again and went in the front door. I paused for a moment, a flashback to the night before playing in front of my mind's eye. I wandered into the living room for a moment, but no one was there. Exhaling loudly, I paddled upstairs. Again, Stacy's door was closed as I passed it. I dropped my keys and wallet on my dresser and went for the bathroom. I definitely needed a shower. The bathroom door was open halfway, the lights were on, the mirror fogged over, and Stacy was standing there facing away from the door. Her bare ass was pointing right at me as she rubbed a towel over her head, drying her long blonde hair. 

And what an ass it was. Full, round, and inviting. As she moved, her cheeks jiggled lightly, and I fought an urge to reach out and grab it. Again, I found myself frozen to the spot. I didn't want to move or make a sound. I was sure that if she knew I was there, she'd freak out on me, and nothing but trouble would ensue. I couldn't help but stare at the nice round ass in front of me. As her arms moved, I would get glimpses of her swaying breasts as well. Finally, she stopped. That caused me to slide back down the hall and into my room before I was noticed. 

I closed my door and caught my breath. Wow. What an ass. I looked down and could see my dick pressing against my slacks. Stacy's body had gotten me hard. Again. Clearly, my lack of sex in recent months was messing with my head. I waited a few minutes and opened my door to see Stacy, now wrapped in a towel, walking down the hall into her room. I sighed heavily and went into the bathroom. I stripped down and stepped in the shower. The warm water felt really good on my tight shoulders and arms. As I relaxed, I thought again about Stacy, her hard nipple, the cleft of her ass bent over in front of me. I grabbed my cock and started to stroke right there in the shower. I imagined touching, licking, feeling that ass and tit, and in pretty short order, I was shooting cum on the shower wall. 

Now, feeling relaxed and thoroughly disgusted with myself, I finished my shower and headed downstairs for some food. My sister was in almost the exact same spot as last night, same green shorts and white tank top. No boob tonight, and I was both relieved and disappointed at that fact. I nuked some pizza rolls and headed back upstairs. Stacy never looked up as she spoke.

"Good night Mark."

"Night," I grunted, trudging up the stairs. 

I fell asleep rather quickly. Visions of nipples and asses haunted my dreams. I woke up hard as a rock. I was able to busy myself with chores and friends and not think too much about my sister's sexy body. 

The next couple of days were uneventful. I managed to keep thoughts of my sister's tits and ass to the back of my mind. She wasn't home when I came home from work the next day. She was sitting on the couch again when I came home the night after that, but her robe was pulled tight and she had a blanket in her lap. I waved hello and went into the kitchen to scrounge for leftovers. 

Saturday came and I was back at work. Another long shift of stocking shelves and organizing the storerooms. I came home and went immediately upstairs to shower off the layer of sweat and grime I had accumulated. I put on some fresh boxers and a t-shirt, then decided to raid the fridge again. I came downstairs and into the living room. There I froze in place once again. 

Stacy was sitting in the recliner, which was much closer to the stairs than the couch was. She had her robe on and blanket in her lap again, just like last night. The difference now was her robe was open wide and both tits were exposed to me. The angle the recliner sits at gave me pretty much a full-on front-and-center view of her bare breasts as soon as I hit the landing. They looked so soft and squeezable. Both of her pink nipples were rock hard. Stacy had her eyes glued to the TV again, seemingly oblivious to her state of undress or my presence once more. I stared right at her boobs for a good 20 seconds before walking past her to the kitchen. My cock was hard again and I reached down and gave him a quick squeeze through my thin shorts. 

I leaned against the counter, my mind racing. Why was she doing this? I could buy one time as an accident, but this was two, maybe three, times now. I was both confused and excited. Would this be a regular thing? Did she have to been in a certain mood? And how should I react? Does she want me to mention her tits? Should I play along and not say a word? I was afraid saying or doing the wrong thing would bring an end to this little display. As fucked up as it was, my sister had a nice body, and I did enjoy seeing real boobs in person. 

I peered around the corner from the kitchen into the living room. From here, all I could see was the back of the recliner. She was still sitting there; I could see the top of her head. I wouldn't know if she had covered up until I was right beside the chair. Should I look? Is that what she wants? I piled some cheese and crackers on a plate, grabbed a bottle of water, and decided walk back to the stairs and see what would happen. 

I took a couple of steps out of the kitchen when her voice rang out. "Hey Mark, would you grab me a Coke?" 

"Sure." I doubled back and grabbed her a can of soda from the fridge. I walked back out and stopped beside the chair. She had it reclined all the way back, blanket tossed aside. Her robe was wrapped tight around her breasts now, but there was a generous amount of cleavage showing still. She had also tossed the blanket to the floor. Her long legs jutted out from under the robe and lay on the footrest slightly askew. All of this I took in in under a second. I handed her the can and she smiled up at me, her light blue eyes sparkling. 

"Thanks Mark. How was work?" She asked sweetly. 

"Ten hours of stocking shelves. Not much else to it." I said, "Not bad for the money though." I added, trying to peel my gaze from her chest and back to her eyes.

"Good. When is your next day off? Maybe we can have lunch together?" She caught me off guard with that one. 

"Umm, I think I'm off Monday. I'll double check when I go in tomorrow." I answered. She was shifting her legs, and my eyes had wandered down to them. Man, that was a short robe she was wearing. I bet it didn't reach six inches below her panties. Then again, I'm assuming she was wearing panties in the first place. Why am I thinking about this?

"Cool. Let me know. I haven't seen much of you since I got back." She winked and smiled at me. I smiled back at her. She hadn't seen much of me, but I had certainly seen more of her than I had been expecting. 

"I will. I'm going to go eat and get some rest. Good night sis," I replied, forcing myself to look at her eyes. Why was that suddenly so difficult?

"Good night Marky, sweet dreams." If she only knew. 

I climbed the stairs and put the plate down on the dresser. My dick was stiff. I needed to clear my head. I stood there in the middle of my room, dropped my boxers, and started to jerk off. I closed my eyes and saw those two plump, round tits. I imagined what it would feel like to cup them in my palms, squeeze them, roll those perky nipples between my fingers. Oh, how I wanted to flick them with my tongue and suck on them until she moaned out in pleasure. 

And with that, I was cumming. A couple of shots of semen burst out and landed on the floor three feet from where I stood. I leaned back and let the lesser blasts make their journey as well. I released my grip and took a deep breath. I grabbed the damp towel from my shower from the clothes hamper and thanked God I had insisted on replacing the ratty carpet with some laminate tile not too long ago. It made cleaning my mess up now so much easier.

I fired up the TV and ate while checking out the sports scores. I was ready to go to sleep. Even after an orgasm, my mind wandered to Stacy. Was she still downstairs? Was she still in the recliner, legs slightly spread, short little robe tied tight to her body? I could go back downstairs again. I had a plate that needed to be in the sink anyway, right? An innocent excuse to peek in on her again tonight. 

I rolled out of bed and grabbed the plate from my bedside. As lightly as I could, I eased down the stairs. The living room was dark, only the glow of the TV illuminating the room. As my eyes refocused, I could see the recliner again. It was empty. 

The chair was empty, and the living room seemed to be deserted. I sighed, half in disappointment and half in relief, then rounded into the kitchen. I dropped the plate in the sink and figured the night was over, when I heard the powder room toilet flush, followed by the door closing. An audible "Mmmm" could be heard as footsteps made their way into the living room. I peeked around the corner and in the light of the TV glow, I saw Stacy settling in on the couch. 

Even though I had cum not that long ago, I felt my dick stirring in my shorts. Just the thought that there was a chance of a little exposure was enough. I looked down and I could see the beginnings of a bulge showing. Well, here goes nothing, I thought.

I started back towards the stairs and saw Stacy lying on the couch, eyes glued to the screen again. Her robe was loosened just enough to show the valley between her tits. The wondrous exposed flesh ran between her breasts, down her stomach until the two sides of the robe met back up right where the belt was tied. She had one leg extended and the other knee bent up against the back of the couch. This position pulled the bottom of the robe way up, and I could tell she was wearing some white panties. One hand was on her thigh just below the crotch, and I watched as she hooked a finger inside the elastic and adjusted her panties, pulling them tighter across her pussy mound. 

I had a massive erection seeing this scene. I swore to myself she had to be doing this on purpose. There was no way this pose was just an accident. I took a few more steps and Stacy whipped her head around to me. 

"Oh, hey. Didn't see you come down."

"Yeah, you weren't there just a minute ago. Took my dish to the sink so Mom doesn't complain."

"Good idea. You going to bed now?"

"Yeah. 'Night."

She nodded and went back to the TV. I reached the bottom of the stairs and for some reason, looked back. Stacy had her hand on her panties now, her palm cupping her pussy. She raised her hand and waved at me, then put it right back on her pussy, just as casual as can be. 

I made it up the stairs and climbed into bed. Wow. I don't know if she realized I could see, but fuck, that was hot. My dick was throbbing now. I pulled the sheets down off my body and pulled my cock out. I jerked off hard and fast, picturing my sister basically feeling herself up in front of me. I came quickly, emptying my load on my belly. My last thought before I fell asleep was that I was going to need another shower in the morning. 

I woke up early the next morning and had a few hours to kill before heading to work. Normally, I'd be doing some gaming or something on the computer, but today felt different. I headed to the shower to get last night's dried cum off my body. As I was finishing up, the bathroom door burst open and Stacy came barging in. 

"Sorry Mark, emergency. Got to pee. Can't wait!"

"Umm... Ok. Sure thing." I said, as I turned the water off. I stood there naked, confused, and worst of all, cold. Slowly, I leaned my head and arm out from behind the curtain, trying not to look, and reached out for the towel on the rack. Stacy let out a squeal. It startled me and I turned towards her. She was sitting on the toilet, robe open, breasts swinging free, but still covered, white panties around her ankles. 

"Hey! I'm almost done, hang on!" she exclaimed.

"I... I was just getting my towel, so I didn't have to stand here naked and freezing." I said as I yanked the towel into the shower and wrapped it around me. I felt awkward just standing there, but what else could I do?

"Why did you turn the water off?"

"Because I was done showering."

"Oh. Sorry. Hang on." 

I heard the toilet flush and the lid close. The water started running in the sink. I assumed it would be safe and opened the curtain again. Stacy was at the sink washing her hands. She still hadn't closed her robe fully, and in the mirror, I could see the sides of her boobs and down to her white panties, back in their proper place now. The slight movement of her breasts as she washed her hands was fascinating. She grabbed the towel and turned to look at me. 

"Thanks Mark. I thought I was going to burst." Her eyes dipped up and down momentarily at me standing there in my towel, still wet. "See you downstairs."

And she was out the door just like that. I looked down and saw my dick at about half mast, enough to make itself seen pressing against my towel. I went to my room to dry off and get dressed. I managed to not touch my cock any more than necessary while getting dressed. I headed downstairs to greet the family. 

On Sunday mornings, our mom tends to make a pretty big breakfast, and then we're on our own for the rest of the day. Bacon, sausage, pancakes, waffles, cinnamon rolls, eggs, biscuits, gravy, you name it. Dad was talking with Stacy about her car when I slid into my seat and poured myself some orange juice. Mom busied herself in the kitchen and Dad went back to his magazine after a while. I noticed Stacy was wearing the same white, loose tank top she had on the other night. I could make out her nipples pretty clearly, so I knew she wasn't wearing a bra. She had on a grey tennis skirt and had made it known she was going to spend a little time in the garden today. I had to work, or else I'm sure I'd spend plenty of time at the window while she worked. 
